In Canada life expectancy at birth is 82.5 and 79.5 in the US; expected years of schooling is 16.4 years in Canada and 16.5 in the US; mean years of schooling is 13.3 years in Canada and 13.4 in the US; GNI per capita (2011 PPP$) is $43,433 in Canada and $54,941 in the United States. 
According to a 2004 article, Canadian workers were estimated to be 82% as productive per hour as their American counterparts. The industries with the largest productivity advantages for the US are the manufacturing (particularly electronics and computer), finance, and service sectors. Industries where Canada is more productive than the US are the construction and natural resources sectors with Canadian workers achieving 129% relative productivity. 
The productivity gap was even larger in the 1950s but the difference narrowed, aided by the elimination of the smaller market problem through free trade. The gap closed somewhat in the 1980s but at a much slower pace than in the 1960s. From 1961 to 1973 labour productivity rose annually by 3.3 percent in Canada and 1.7 percent in the United States. According to a 1997 IMF report, from 1973 to 1995 productivity growth was 1.1% in Canada and 0.8% in the United States. 
The productivity gap began to widen again in the 1990s, particularly in the manufacturing sector. According to a 2005 article, by 2000, this was called Canada's "Excellence Gap" by the Chief Economist of Canadian Manufacturers & Exporters.  The United States has the second-highest productivity of the G8 countries, while Canada's is 5th based on the 1997 estimate. 
Five main reasons for the productivity gap: the lower capital intensity of economic activity in Canada; an innovation gap in Canada relative to the United States; Canada's relatively underdeveloped high-tech sector; and more limited economies of scale and scope in Canada.[citation needed] 
Like other small traditional communities in the territories, hunting, trapping, and fishing are major sources of income, but printmaking has taken over as the primary source of income in recent years. The two principal languages in Ulukhaktok are the Kangiryuarmiutun dialect of Inuinnaqtun, which is part of the Inuvialuktun group, and English. 
The community was covered in the Inuvialuit Final Agreement as part of their land claims and is in the Inuvialuit Settlement Region. 
The first people to settle in the area were Natkusiak and his family in 1937. Two years later, the Hudson's Bay Company relocated from Walker Bay and a Roman Catholic mission was opened the same year. 
The English name, Holman, was in honour of J.R. Holman, a member of Sir Edward Augustus Inglefield's 1853 expedition in search for the Arctic explorer, John Franklin. The community was sometimes known as Holman Island. This, however, is the name of the small island outcrop to the east-southeast in the Amundsen Gulf. 
The 2016 Census indicated a population of 396, a decrease of 1.5% from the 2011 Census and of these 370 (96.4%) were Inuvialuit or Inuit and the rest (6.6%) were non-Indigenous. The main languages in the community are Inuinnaqtun (Inuvialuktun) and English 
In the 1960s and 1970s Holman Eskimo Co-operative also created a number of sealskin products for southern markets, including parkas, tapestries and stuffed animals. The sealskin parkas were made to last and still show up on the market. The Prince of Wales Northern Heritage Centre in Yellowknife also has a parka in their collection. 
In 2001 the Winnipeg Art Gallery curated an exhibition "Holman: Forty Years of Graphic Art/Quarante Ans D'Art Graphique " which produced a exhibition catalogue authored by Winnipeg Art Gallery Curator Darlene Coward Wight. 
The Holman Eskimo Co-op is now involved in arts and crafts, retailing, the hotel business, and cable television. It operates both a Canada Post outlet, and the fuel delivery contract, and is the local Aklak Air agent. 
Carnival House is a landmark office building in the city of Southampton, Hampshire, England.  It is a purpose-built headquarters for Carnival UK, the United Kingdom operating company of Carnival Corporation & plc, the world's largest cruise shipping company.  The building was officially opened on Sunday 19 July 2009. 
Carnival House contains the head offices of P&O Cruises and Cunard Line. It also houses the UK offices of Princess Cruises, (headquartered in Santa Clarita, California) and Seabourn / Holland America Line (headquartered in Seattle, Washington). In addition Carnival Corporation's new build division is based in the building. 
Prior to the construction of Carnival House the company's five brands, Cunard, P&O Cruises, Ocean Village, Princess and Yachts of Seabourn, each had separate headquarters buildings. The senior architect aimed to create "a collective identity for the new headquarters whilst also allowing each of the five brands to maintain their own distinct identity." 
The distinctive wave patterns on the two panels of the building facade represent propagation of oceanic Rossby waves and were created by using real satellite data (sea surface height anomaly data from satellite altimetry) provided by Paolo Cipollini and Peter Challenor of the National Oceanography Centre, Southampton. 
Although much of the storm's damage was caused by straight-line winds (see downburst), several tornadoes were reported. 
One hard-hit area of Eau Claire was the Mill Run subdivision, at the time a part of the Town of Union, now a neighborhood on the city's north side. Many homes in the neighborhood were destroyed. Across US-12 from Mill Run are the headquarters of the home improvement retailer Menards, which also sustained major damage. Six residents of the Stardust Estates mobile home court were injured in the storm. 
A 25-year-old Dunn County woman was killed when a refrigerator in her mobile home fell on her during the storm. 
Farm property was hit very hard, with Dunn County receiving the worst damage. It was estimated that more than $27M of damage was done just to farm buildings in that county, and $8M in crops. More than 10,000 farms were initially without power after the storm.  Wisconsin National Guard and the DNR delivered water to farms. There were reports of cattle that had gone without water for 36 hours. 
Numerous concrete stave silos on the small Wisconsin dairy farms were blown in half with only the bottom half showing. 
It also caused the bankruptcy of the Martel Mutual Fire Insurance Company, which inexplicably did not have re-insurance coverage. Thus, many farmers had to pay hundreds or thousands of dollars in assessments to cover the final losses of the insurance company. 
Theories for the change in coverage include the massive influx of Cubans into the country; the Mount St. Helens eruption of 18 May; the severe tornadoes in Grand Island, Nebraska in June; and flooding in western Pennsylvania during August. The federal government's budget was badly impacted by these and other disasters. In all, there were 22 major disaster declarations in 1980. 
Compounding problems for the state was that the storm occurred in an election year. Frustrated Wisconsin officials, including Governor Lee Dreyfus, were not prepared for the difficulty in dealing with the federal government during such a time. 
Naanayam is a 1983 Indian Malayalam film, directed by I. V. Sasi. The film stars Madhu, Mammootty, Mohanlal and Srividya in the lead roles. The film super-duper hit at box office. The film has musical score by Shyam. 
The music was composed by Shyam and the lyrics were written by Yusufali Kechery and Poovachal Khader. 
The GPZ1000RX was to be the replacement for the original Ninja, the GPZ900R, but as it turned out the GPZ900R not only lived on alongside the GPZ1000RX, but outlived it. Just as the GPZ900R two years before, the 1000RX was the fastest production bike at the time.[citation needed] Until in 1988 the GPZ 1000RX was superseded by the ZX-10 "Tomcat". Yet still the GPZ900R remained, even beyond the 1990 release of Kawasaki's new flagship, the ZZ-R1100, until 2003. 
Latvia (Latvian: Latvija), officially the Republic of Latvia (Latvijas Republika), is a country in the Baltic region of Northern Europe. It is bordered to the north by Estonia, to the south by Lithuania, to the east by the Russian Federation, and to the southeast by Belarus. Across the Baltic Sea to the west lies Sweden. The capital of Latvia is Riga. The local time is GMT+2 (GMT+3 DST). 
Riga International Airport is the only major airport in Latvia, carrying around 5 million passengers annually. It is the largest airport in the Baltic states and has direct flights to over 80 destinations in 30 countries. It is also the main hub of airBaltic. 
The 2017 Rally Poland was the eighth round of the 2017 World Rally Championship and was the 74th running of the Rally Poland. Thierry Neuville and Nicolas Gilsoul won the rally. 
Ole Christian Veiby won the WRC-2 category for the first time, with WRC-2 championship leader Pontus Tidemand finishing second. 
Hawthorne was born on March 12, 1819, in Mercer County, Pennsylvania, to James and Mary (Donald) Hawthorne, who were of English descent. His father was a farmer and a graduate of Washington College, Pennsylvania.  J.C. commenced the study of medicine under Dr. Bascom of Mercer, Pennsylvania, and later earned a degree from the Medical University at Louisville, Kentucky. 
Hawthorne took an active interest in public affairs. Politically, he was originally a Whig, but after the overthrow of that party he became a Democrat. He commanded respect from members of both parties, and he was retained in office for many years when the state was under Republican rule. He declined to become a candidate for high public stations. 
He was a Christian, and for many years was a consistent member of the Episcopal Church. He was a productive and highly regarded man at the time of his death. 
A memorial for the patients of the Oregon Hospital for the Insane is being planned by Metro at the Lone Fir Cemetery, where it was recently uncovered that several hundred asylum patients are buried in unmarked graves.  Local historians are joining with mental health advocates to shape the memorial area. The gravesite and memorial area adjoins another segregated area for Chinese workers where a separate memorial is planned. 
On December 8, 1845, the Iowa State Register and Waterloo Herald was the first newspaper published in Waterloo. 
On June 7, 1934, bank robber Tommy Carroll had a shootout with the FBI when he and his wife stopped to pick up gas. Accidentally parking next to a police car and wasting time dropping his gun and picking it back up, Carroll was forced to flee into an alley, where he was shot. He was taken to Allen Memorial Hospital in Waterloo, where he soon died. 
In 1910, a significant number of black railroad workers were brought in as strikebreakers to the Waterloo area. Black workers were relegated to 20 square blocks in Waterloo, an area that remains the east side to this day. In 1940, more black strikebreakers were brought in to work in the Rath meat plant. In 1948, a black strikebreaker killed a white union member. Instead of a race riot, a strike ensued against the Rath Company. The National Guard was called in to end the 73-day strike. 
United Packinghouse Workers of America became the main union of the Rath Company, welcoming black workers, but United Auto Workers Local 838 continued to refuse black members. With the power of the union, Anna Mae Weems, Ada Treadwell, Charles Pearson and Jimmy Porter formed an anti-discrimination department at Rath by the 1950s. This department helped organize protests against local places that discriminated against blacks. 
Porter would go on to organize the first black radio station in Waterloo, KBBG, in 1978. Weems became the head of the anti-discrimination department and local NAACP chapter. 
On May 31, 1966, Eddie Wallace Sallis was found dead in the local jail. The black community felt the death was suspicious, and protests were held. On June 4, Weems led a march on city hall to encourage investigation into his death. The march led to the creation of the Waterloo Human Rights Commission, which lasted only a year due to lack of funding. 
The Iowa Supreme Court outlawed school segregation in 1868. A 1967 commission found most schools were still segregated and recommended immediate desegregation, which Mayor Lloyd Turner opposed. In 1969, the Waterloo school board voted to allow open enrollment in all their schools to encourage integration. Many parents felt it was not enough. Despite the efforts between 1967 and 1970, already-black schools in the area increased in their segregation. 
In August 1968, East High students Terri and Kathy Pearson gave the principal a list of grievances detailing how they felt the discrimination could be lessened. The principal refused to implement any of the requested changes. Student protests and walkouts continued through September. Students were angry that no African American history course was being taught, and that interracial dating was discouraged by teachers and administrators. 
In 2003, Governor Tom Vilsack created a task force to close the racial achievement gap in Waterloo. In 2009, a fair housing report, "Analysis of Impediments to Fair Housing Choice", compiled by Mullin & Lonergan Associates Inc., found Waterloo to be Iowa's most segregated city.  "Historical patterns of racial segregation persist in Waterloo. Of the 20 cities in Iowa with populations exceeding 25,000, Waterloo ranks as the most segregated." 
Many activists who participated in the original protests feel that Waterloo has remained the same. In 2015, Huffpost listed Waterloo as the 10th worst city for black Americans. The site noted that the city's black residents have a 24% unemployment rate compared to 3.9% for whites, giving Waterloo one of the highest black unemployment rates among Midwest cities. Waterloo still has a higher percentage of blacks than most Iowa cities. 
In December 2012, Derrick Ambrose Jr. was shot by a police officer. Ambrose's family maintains he was unarmed, while the officer stated that he felt his life was in danger. A grand jury acquitted the officer. The shooting sparked outrage in the community. 
In areas not protected by the system, the Cedar River poured out of its banks and into parking lots, backyards and across the farmland surrounding the city. Although much damage was done, the larger downstream city of Cedar Rapids was much harder hit. 
According to the National Weather Service, the ten highest crests of the Cedar River recorded at East 7th Street in downtown Waterloo: 
Crests reported in the 1960s and earlier were before completion of major flood control projects and therefore may not be directly comparable. 
In September 2016, flood watches and warnings were put into effect for Waterloo and its surrounding cities. The crest was expected to just barely hit the height of the 2008 flood. 
The average elevation of Waterloo is 846 feet above sea level. The population density is 1101 people per square mile, considered low for an urban area. 
There were 28,607 households, of which 29.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.3% were married couples living together, 14.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.8% were non-families. 31.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.95. 
The median age in the city was 35.9 years. 23.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.4% were from 25 to 44; 25.5% were from 45 to 64; and 14% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.4% male and 51.6% female. 
As of the 2000 census, there were 68,747 people, 28,169 households, and 17,746 families residing in the city. The population density was 1,131.9 inhabitants per square mile (437.0/km2). There were 29,499 housing units at an average density of 485.7 per square mile (187.5/km2). The racial makeup of the city was 79.2% White, 14.5% African American, 1.1% Asian, 1.9% from other races, and 2.0% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino people of any race were 3.2% of the population. 
There were 28,169 households, out of which 29.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.0% were married couples living together, 13.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.0% were non-families. 30.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.97. 
Age spread: 24.7% under the age of 18, 10.6% from 18 to 24, 27.5% from 25 to 44, 22.0% from 45 to 64, and 15.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.0 males. 
The median income for a household in the city was $34,092, and the median income for a family was $42,731. Males had a median income of $31,491 versus $22,569 for females. The per capita income for the city was $18,558. About 10.0% of families and 13.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 18.6% of those under age 18 and 10.5% of those age 65 or over. 
The Waterloo-Cedar Falls Metropolitan Statistical Area consists of Black Hawk, Bremer, and Grundy counties. The area had a 2000 census population of 163,706 and a 2008 estimated population of 164,220. 
Waterloo is next to Cedar Falls, home to the University of Northern Iowa. Small suburbs include Evansdale, Hudson, Raymond, Elk Run Heights, Gilbertville, and Washburn. 
The largest employers in the Waterloo/Cedar Falls MSA, according to the Greater Cedar Valley Alliance, as of June 2016 include (in order): John Deere, Tyson Fresh Meats, Wheaton Franciscan Healthcare, UnityPoint Health, the University of Northern Iowa, HyVee Food Stores, Waterloo Community Schools, Target Regional Distribution Center, CBE Companies, Inc., City of Waterloo, and Bertch Cabinet Manufacturing. 
The Cedar Valley Arboretum & Botanic Gardens is a 40-acre public garden oasis located directly east of Hawkeye Community College.  Admission is $5/adult and $2/child, under five and members are free. 
The Waterloo Center for the Arts (WCA) is a regional center for visual and performance arts. It is owned and operated by the City of Waterloo with oversight by the advisory Waterloo Cultural and Arts Commission.  The Center is located at 225 Commercial Street. It is also an anchor for the Waterloo Cultural and Arts District (a State of Iowa designation). 
The permanent collection at the WCA includes the largest collection of Haitian art in the country, Midwest Regionalist art (including works by Grant Wood and Thomas Hart Benton), Mexican folk art, international folk art, American decorative arts, and public art. 
Included in the WCA is the Phelps Youth Pavilion (PYP), which opened in 2009. The PYP is an interactive children's museum. PYP provides additional gallery and studio space. 
The Riverloop Amphitheater, completed in 2011, is an outdoor plaza and amphitheater available to rent for events and weddings. The Riverloop Amphitheater also is home to Mark's Park, a water park playground open to the public. 
The WCA also houses the Waterloo Community Playhouse, the oldest community theatre in Iowa (operating since 1916), and the Black Hawk Children's Theatre, that started in 1964, then, merged with the Waterloo Community Playhouse in 1982. Both perform in the Hope Martin Theatre, which opened in 1965. The theatre's administrative offices are located across the street in the historic Walker Building. 
Established in 1932, the district started with an endowment set up in the will of Henry W. Grout. The district is a nonprofit educational entity that is active in engaging the students and all people from the surrounding communities. It is accredited by the American Alliance of Museums. 
The Grout Museum of History and Science, the first museum which would grow into the museum district, was displayed for many years in the building that was the local YMCA. The current building was completed and opened to the public as a not-for-profit museum in 1956. 
The Rensselaer Russell House is at 520 W. 3rd Street. Built in 1858, it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Rensselaer and Caroline Russell built the house utilizing Italianate architecture in 1861 for $5,878.83. 
The Carl A. and Peggy J. Bluedorn Science Imaginarium opened in 1993 and provides both interactive exhibits and formal demonstrations in various fields of science. 
The Snowden House is a two-story brick Victorian era house listed on the National Register of Historic Places was built in 1875. The house was once used as the Waterloo Woman's Club. 
Waterloo has one central public library. For the fiscal year ending June 30, 2020, there were 92,342 patron visits resulting in a circulation of 199,249 items. The total collection consisted of 607,583 items. The library's reference services, supported by 4.75 FTE librarians, answered 28,970 questions. Its 99 public access computers provided over 30,047 sessions for patrons and the library's wireless network hosted 30,692 sessions. (Waterloo Public Library Annual Report).. 
The library is governed by a board of trustees, nominated by the city mayor and confirmed by the city council: John Berry, Larry Bjortomt, Ivy Hagedorn, Kathleen Wernimont and Cindy Wells. The library is directed by Nick Rossman, MLS.<> 
The Waterloo Public Library is in a renovated Great Depression era building that served as a post office and federal building (Waterloo Public Library history). The building was renovated in the late 1970s for use as a library. In 2011, the Waterloo Public Library celebrated 30 years at its Commercial Street location. 
Two New Deal-funded murals by artist Edgar Britton are on display at the library. Exposition is an image of the National Cattle Congress, and Holiday is of a picnic. 
Waterloo is administered by the mayor and council system of government. One council member is elected from each of Waterloo's five wards, and two are elected at-large. The current mayor is Quentin Hart. He is the City's first Black mayor. 
Hawkeye Community College is located in Waterloo. Neighboring Cedar Falls is home to the University of Northern Iowa. 
Almost all of the city is within the Waterloo Community School District. The three public high schools in the city are Waterloo West High School, Waterloo East High School, and Expo High School. Additionally a portion of the city is within the Cedar Falls Community School District. 
There is also a wide array of elementary and junior high schools in the area, with open enrollment available. 
Waterloo is located at the north end of Interstate 380. U.S. Highways 20, 63, and 218 and Iowa Highway 21, also run through the metropolitan area. The Avenue of the Saints runs through Waterloo. 
American Airlines provides non-stop air service to and from Chicago from the Waterloo Regional Airport as of April 3, 2012. As of October 27, 2014, American Airlines runs two flights to/from Chicago O'Hare (ORD). Departures to Chicago are early morning and mid/late afternoon. Arrivals are early/mid-afternoon and evening. 
Waterloo is served by one daily intercity bus arrival and departure to Chicago and Des Moines, provided by Burlington Trailways. New service to and from Mason City and Minneapolis/St. Paul provided by Jefferson Lines started in the fall of 2009. 
There are currently five taxi operators in Waterloo and Cedar Falls: First Call, Yellow, City Cab, Cedar Valley Cab, and Dolly's Taxi. 
Waterloo is home to two hospitals, Mercy One Waterloo Medical Center, which has 366 beds, and Unity Point Health  Allen Memorial Hospital,  with 234 beds. Neighboring Cedar Falls is home to Sartori Memorial Hospital, with 83 beds. The Waterloo-Cedar Falls metropolitan area has 295 physicians, 69 dentists, 52 chiropractors, 24 vision specialists and 21 nursing/retirement homes. 
The Beverly Hills Police Department (BHPD) is the police department of the City of Beverly Hills, California. 
The first law enforcement agency was formed shortly after the City of Beverly Hills was incorporated in 1914. The first city marshal was Augustus Niestrum with a deputy named Jack Munson whose home also served as the headquarters for both the city's Fire and Police Departments. A year later the department was expanded with addition of another officer. 
Two further officers joined in 1916. When Deputy Munson retired in 1919, the new City Marshal served as both Fire and Police Chief. After eight years in combined quarters, the Fire and Police Departments were separated in 1925. 
On August 1, 1927, the Beverly Hills Police Department became a municipal organization. Blair was reelected becoming its first Chief of Police. Blair was in charge of one captain, three lieutenants, four sergeants, four motor officers, twenty-three patrolmen and three clerks. 
The Beverly Hills Police Department moved to the city Hall in 1932. This remained its headquarters until 1990 when it moved to a new purpose-built police facility on Rexford Drive, Beverly Hills. 
The Beverly Hills Police Department has been featured in several films including the Beverly Hills Cop series and the 1986 comedy movie Down and Out in Beverly Hills. 
The rufous-headed woodpecker (Celeus spectabilis) is a species of bird in the family Picidae. It formerly included Kaempfer's woodpecker as a subspecies. 
It is found in the western Amazon basin in northern Bolivia, far southwestern Brazil (Acre only), eastern Ecuador, and eastern Peru. Its natural habitats are tropical humid forests and woodland. It is often associated with bamboo. 
The rufous-headed woodpecker has a large range and a presumed large total population. It is generally considered to be uncommon, and the total number of birds is likely to be in slow decline, but the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being of least concern. 
Artillery in the Middle Ages primarily consisted of the introduction of the cannon, large tubular firearms designed to fire a heavy projectile over a long distance. Guns, bombs, rockets and cannons were first invented in China during the Han Chinese Song Dynasty and then later spread to Europe and the Middle East during the period. 
The Middle English word Canon was derived from the Tuscan word cannone, meaning large tube, which came from Latin canna, meaning cane or reed. The Latinised word canon has been used for a gun since 1326 in Italy, and since 1418 in English. The word Bombardum, or "bombard", was the earliest term used for "cannon", but from 1430 it came to refer only to the largest weapons. 
The Arabs acquired knowledge of gunpowder between 1240 and 1280, by which time there were written Arabic recipes for gunpowder, instructions for the purification of saltpeter, and descriptions of gunpowder incendiaries. 
In Europe, one of the earliest mentions of gunpowder appeared in Roger Bacon's Opus Majus in 1267. It describes a recipe for gunpowder and recognized its military use: 
In reference to the siege to Alicante in 1331, the Spanish historian Zurita recorded a "new machine that caused great terror. It threw iron balls with fire." The Spanish historian Juan de Mariana recalled further use of cannons during the Siege of Algeciras (1342-1344): 
The besieged did great harm among the Christians with iron bullets they shot. This is the first time we find any mention of gunpowder and ball in our histories.
Juan de Mariana also relates that the English Earl of Derby and Earl of Salisbury had both participated in the siege of Algeciras, and they could have conceivably transferred the knowledge about the effectiveness of cannon to England. 
The first artillery-masters on the Peninsula probably were Moors in Christian service. The king of Navarre had a Moor in his service in 1367 as maestro de las guarniciones de artilleria. The Morisques of Tudela at that time had fame for their capacity in reparaciones de artilleria.
Another small-bore cannon of the 14th century was the culverin, whose name derives from the snake-like handles attached to it. It was transitional between the handgun and the full cannon, and was used as an anti-personnel weapon. The culverin was forged of iron and fixed to a wooden stock, and usually placed on a rest for firing. 
The culverin was also common in 15th century battles, particularly among Burgundian armies. As the smallest of medieval gunpowder weapons, it was relatively light and portable. It fired lead shot, which was inexpensive relative to other available materials. 
The 55-day bombardment of Constantinople left massive destruction, as recounted by the Greek chronicler Kritovoulos: 
And the stone, borne with enormous force and velocity, hit the wall, which it immediately shook and knocked down and was itself broken into many fragments and scattered, hurling the pieces everywhere and killing those who happened to be nearby.
To guard against artillery and gunfire, increasing use was made of earthen, brick and stone breastworks and redoubts, such as the geometric fortresses of the 17th century French Marquis de Vauban.  Although the obsolescence of castles as fortifications was hastened by the developments of cannon from the 14th century on, many medieval castles still managed to "put up a prolonged resistance" against artillery during the English Civil War of 17th century. 
Candida keroseneae is a species of yeast in the genus Candida, family Saccharomycetaceae. Described as new to science in 2011, it was isolated from aviation fuel. 
The 2010 FC Krasnodar season was the club's 3rd season and their 2nd season in the Russian First Division. They finished the season in 5th place, and earnt promotion to the Russian Premier League, the highest tier of association football in Russia, after FC Saturn withdrew from the Premier League. 
In:  Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality. 
Out:  Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality. 
In:  Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality. 
Out:  Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality. 
Adolf Fehr (born 23 October 1940) is a Liechtenstein former alpine skier who competed in the 1960 Winter Olympics. 
This biographical article relating to alpine skiing in Liechtenstein is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
A delicacy is usually a rare or expensive food item that is considered highly desirable, sophisticated or peculiarly distinctive, within a given culture. Irrespective of local preferences, such a label is typically pervasive throughout a region. Often this is because of unusual flavors or characteristics or because it is rare or expensive compared to standard staple foods. 
This article about the Municipality of Slovenska Bistrica in Slovenia is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
In July 2014 the International Astronomical Union launched NameExoWorlds, a process for giving proper names to certain exoplanets and their host stars. The process involved public nomination and voting for the new names. In December 2015, the IAU announced the winning name was Samh for this planet. The winning name was submitted by the Vega Astronomy Club of Morocco and honours the 11th Century astronomer Ibn al-Samh of Muslim Spain. 
Upsilon Andromedae c was detected by measuring variations in its star's radial velocity as a result of the planet's gravity. This was done by making precise measurements of the Doppler shift of the spectrum of Upsilon Andromedae A. At the time of discovery, Upsilon Andromedae A was already known to host one extrasolar planet, the hot Jupiter Upsilon Andromedae b, however by 1999 it was clear that the inner planet could not explain the velocity curve. 
In 1999, astronomers at both San Francisco State University and the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics independently concluded that a three-planet model best fit the data. The two new planets were designated Upsilon Andromedae c and Upsilon Andromedae d. 
Like the majority of long-period extrasolar planets, the orbit of Upsilon Andromedae c is eccentric, more so than any of the major planets in the Solar System (including Pluto). If placed in the Solar System, Upsilon Andromedae c would lie between the orbits of Earth and Venus. 
The high orbital eccentricity may be the result of gravitational perturbations from the planet Upsilon Andromedae d. Simulations suggest that the orbit of Upsilon Andromedae c returns to its original circular state roughly once every 9,000 years. 
One proposal is that interactions between Upsilon Andromedae d and a (now lost) outer planet moved Upsilon Andromedae d into an orbit closer to the star, where it gradually caused the orbit of Upsilon Andromedae c to become eccentric. If so, the rogue planet would have had to eject immediately. 
Given the planet's high mass, it is likely that Upsilon Andromedae c is a gas giant with no solid surface. Since the planet has only been detected indirectly through observations of its star, properties such as its radius, composition, and temperature are unknown. 
Since its actual mass is approximately 14 times that of Jupiter, and its star's metallicity is similar to that of the Sun, Upsilon Andromedae c may actually be a small brown dwarf, but this may not be the case. 
This article article about the history of Argentina is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Ellen D. Ketterson is an American evolutionary biologist, behavioral ecologist, neuroendocrinologist and ornithologist best known for her experimental approach to the study of life-history trade-offs in a songbird, the Dark-eyed Junco. She is currently a Distinguished Professor of Biology, Director of the Environmental Resilience Institute, and affiliate professor in Congnitive Science, Gender Studies, Integrative Study of Animal Behavior, and Neuroscience at Indiana University. 
Ketterson obtained all of her degrees from Indiana University. She received A.B. in 1966 and M.A. in 1968, both in Botany. She received her Ph.D. in 1974 in Zoology. 
Ketterson and her trainees, with her longtime collaborator and partner Val Nolan, Jr., have conducted long-term field studies combined with experimental manipulation of free-living dark-eyed juncos at the Mountain Lake Biological Station in Virginia since the 1970s. Early in her career, Ketterson focused on differential migration, a pattern of movement in which females migrate farther than males. 
The Ketterson research group currently conducts field research at a number of sites throughout the range of junco species, including in Indiana at Kent Farm on the Indiana University Research and Teaching Preserve, in the Appalachian Mountains in Virginia at the Mountain Lakes Biological Station, in California on the University of California, San Diego campus and at Laguna Mountain, in northwest Wyoming at Grand Teton National Park, Idaho, South Dakota, Mexico, and Guatemala. 
The 2013 documentary film project, 'Ordinary Extraordinary Junco: Remarkable Biology from a Backyard Bird' highlights years of research conducted by Ketterson and her colleagues. 
Ketterson was married for 28 years to the ornithologist Val Nolan, Jr., her Ph.D. mentor and long-time collaborator, until his death in 2008. 
Laurel Bay is a census-designated place and military housing complex in Beaufort County, South Carolina, United States. The population was 5,891 at the 2010 census. As defined by the U.S. Census Bureau, Laurel Bay is included within the Hilton Head Island-Bluffton-Beaufort, SC Metropolitan Statistical Area. 
The base primarily houses military personnel with families that are stationed at the nearby military bases: MCAS Beaufort, MCRD Parris Island, and USNH Beaufort. The housing area first opened in the mid-1950s. 
Chester Field, located within the housing area, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970. 
There were 1,888 households, out of which 72.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 79.7% were married couples living together, 8.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 9.3% were non-families. 6.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 0.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.51 and the average family size was 3.63. 
In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 42.8% under the age of 18, 11.4% from 18 to 24, 39.1% from 25 to 44, 5.5% from 45 to 64, and 1.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 23 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.2 males. 
The median income for a household in the CDP was $40,777, and the median income for a family was $39,236. Males had a median income of $28,512 versus $21,452 for females. The per capita income for the CDP was $12,686. About 4.6% of families and 4.6% of the population were below the poverty line, including 4.8% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over. 
Simion Filip is a Romanian-Moldovan mathematician and an associate professor of mathematics at the University of Chicago who works in dynamical systems and algebraic geometry. 
Filip graduated with an A.B. in mathematics from Princeton University in 2009. He attended Part III of the Mathematical Tripos at the University of Cambridge where he received a master's degree with distinction in 2010. He received his Ph.D. under the supervision of Alex Eskin at the University of Chicago in 2016. 
Filip spent two postdoctoral years as a Junior Fellow at Harvard University from 2016 to 2018, and another year at the Institute for Advanced Study. Since 2019, he has been an associate professor at the University of Chicago. 
Filip received a five-year Clay Research Fellowship lasting from 2016 to 2021. In 2020, Filip was one of the recipients of the EMS Prize. 
 Michael Francis Ward (1845-17 June 1881) was an Irish doctor, surgeon, politician  and nationalist MP in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and as member of the Home Rule League represented Galway Borough from 1874 until 1880. 
Ward accepted an offer of a position on the Government Medical Service in Demerara in 1881. He died shortly after arriving in the colony, on 17 June 1881. 
In December 2018, after residing in Hong Kong for more than 7 years, Ekwegwo was granted the HKSAR passport, making him eligible to be registered as a local player in Hong Kong. 
The Body Said No! is a 1950 British crime comedy film directed by Val Guest and starring Michael Rennie, Yolande Donlan, and Hy Hazell. 
In a British TV studio, Michael Rennie (as himself) is performing live in a dramatic broadcast. On a neighbouring set, cabaret singer Mikki Brent thinks she sees a coded plot being discussed to murder Rennie. Her friends are sceptical, but she warns Rennie, and various adventures and investigations ensue. 
This article related to a British film of the 1950s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
WVTV-DT2's parent station maintains studio facilities on Calumet Road in the Park Place office park near the I-41/US 45 interchange on Milwaukee's northwest side; its transmitter is located on North Humboldt Boulevard in Milwaukee's Estabrook Park neighborhood as part of the Milwaukee PBS tower. 
By 1988, the station scored a major coup by acquiring the broadcast rights to the Milwaukee Brewers and the Milwaukee Bucks, both previously seen on WVTV. In the late 1980s, Arlington Broadcasting was sold and became known as HR Broadcasting (as in Hal Roach Studios, of Little Rascals/Our Gang fame). By the end of the 1980s, WCGV had pulled almost even with WVTV in the ratings. 
WCGV and Birmingham's WTTO were purchased by Abry Communications in 1990. The station continued with its general entertainment format, along with Fox programs. WCGV entered into a local marketing agreement with WVTV (then owned by Gaylord Broadcasting) in 1994. Although WCGV was the senior partner, the combined operation was based at WVTV's original studio facility near North 35th Street and Capitol Drive. 
WCGV-TV carried the 2017 Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series Bass Pro Shops NRA Night Race at Bristol Motor Speedway from NBC on August 19, 2017 for WTMJ, which was committed to a preseason Green Bay Packers football game. 
From June 2012 until the end of December 2013, the engineering and master control of WVTV/WCGV transmitted 16:9 syndicated programming in full screen, but in standard definition as a stopgap solution until the move to the new studios. Upon the opening of the new master control, all syndicated programming available in the format now is aired in high definition. 
Ultimately, the merger with Tribune (and with it, Sinclair's acquisition of WITI) was called off due to a number of issues on August 8, 2018, leaving WVTV as Sinclair's only Milwaukee over-the-air asset. In another deal, Sinclair would acquire a majority stake in the Fox Sports Networks in the fall of 2019, and with it, Fox Sports Wisconsin. 
As mentioned above, the station shares WVTV's bandwidth and is officially recognized as a WVTV subchannel (including within station identifications, where it simply identifies as "WVTV Milwaukee" like 18.1; if going by actual physical channel without PSIP intervention, channel 24's three channels are 27.4, 27.5 and 27.6), but retains its own multiplexed channel map as channel 24: 
On January 1, 2015, WCGV launched Grit on their third subchannel, which was added to Charter systems on channel 178 on March 10, 2015. It was discontinued on January 8, 2018 upon the channel sharing with WVTV taking effect; WTMJ-TV took it for their fourth subchannel nearly immediately as described above. 
As part of the SAFER Act, WCGV kept its analog signal on the air until March 4 to inform viewers of the digital television transition through a loop of public service announcements from the National Association of Broadcasters. 
The only surviving son of Prince Alfonso Doria Pamphili, a Senator of Italy, and Lady Emily Pelham-Clinton, his grandfather also married an English aristocrat, Lady Mary Talbot, whom he met at Queen Victoria's coronation. 
Prince Filippo was the first Mayor of Rome elected after World War II, and its last mayor under the Kingdom of Italy. 
In 1921 he married Gesine Mary Dykes, OStJ, a Scottish nurse who had brought him back to health after he had been injured in a sculling accident while at Cambridge. 
She predeceased him in 1955 and Prince Filippo died in Rome, Italy. Their only child, Princess Orietta, succeeded him as the 14th and last holder of the family's princely title. 
Richard Herbert (1557-buried 15 October 1596), Lord of Cherbury (or Chirbury) in Shropshire, and of Montgomery Castle, was an English Justice of the Peace and Parliamentarian. 
Richard was the eldest son of Edward Herbert through whom he was a member of a collateral branch of the family of the Earls of Pembroke. He was a law student at the Middle Temple in 1576. 
After his death in 1596 while his wife was pregnant with their tenth child, Richard Herbert was buried on 15 October under a canopied tomb in the parish church of Saint Nicholas, Montgomery. His family moved to Oxford and then to London. 
Vesperus sanzi is a species of beetle in the Vesperidae family that can be found in Portugal and western Spain. 
At the dawn of cable television, Zehner, a Milwaukee train enthusiast, began producing and hosting the interview format show Just Trains on Milwaukee's local access channel on Viacom Cable. Eventually the show was picked up on the cable network around Milwaukee, After 72 shows Milwaukee's WMVS Channel 10 (PBS) agreed to air a new magazine format show On Track in the Milwaukee market. For the second season it was renamed Tracks Ahead and expanded to the PBS network. 
Lucy Mason is a politician from Arizona. Mason served for 8 years in the Arizona State House of Representatives. 
Mason was educated at Arizona State University, the University of Houston, Northern Arizona University and the University of Arizona. 
Mason began her political career as a member of the Prescott City Council. She served for eight years in the Arizona State legislature, four of them as chair of the State House energy committee. She ran for the Arizona Corporation Commission in 2014. The Arizona Solar Energy Industries Association (AriSEIA) Board of Directors is pleased to announce it has hired former Republican State Representative Lucy Mason as its Executive Director November 2014. 
The legislative districts of Agusan del Sur are the representations of the province of Agusan del Sur in the various national legislatures of the Philippines. The province is currently represented in the lower house of the Congress of the Philippines through its first and second congressional districts. 
Republic Act No. 4979, approved in a plebiscite held simultaneously with the 1967 elections, split the old Agusan Province into Agusan del Norte and Agusan del Sur and provided them each with a congressional representative. In accordance with Section 7 of R.A. 4979, Agusan del Sur first elected its separate representative starting in the 1969 elections. 
Agusan del Sur was represented in the Interim Batasang Pambansa as part of Region X from 1978 to 1984, and returned one representative, elected at large, to the Regular Batasang Pambansa in 1984. 
Under the new Constitution which was proclaimed on February 11, 1987, the province constituted a lone congressional district, and it elected its member to the restored House of Representatives starting that same year. 
The approval of Republic Act No. 9508 on October 20, 2008 divided the province into two congressional districts, which elected their separate representatives starting in the 2010 elections. 
Agusan del Sur has been represented in the lower house of various Philippine national legislatures since 1987 through its first and second congressional districts. 
The municipalities of Agusan del Sur are represented in the Agusan del Sur Provincial Board, the Sangguniang Panlalawigan (provincial legislature) of the province, through Agusan del Sur's first and second provincial board districts. 
Off the field, Sharp plays in the State Basketball League, having played for the East Perth Eagles in 2016 and 2017 before joining the Kalamunda Eastern Suns in 2018. 
This Australian rules football biography of a person born in the 1990s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Zachariassen is best known for her work as a painter in the Faroe Islands. The height of her creative output was in the 1950s and '60s. 
Her early work in the '30s and '40s is more romantic in style, but her midcentury work takes on more abstract, cubist elements. Zachariassen's paintings were always figurative, however. Her painting style was "characterized by geometric figures in compositions portraying landscapes, towns, villages, and people." Critics also note her innovative use of color. 
Despite her stylistic innovations, Zachariassen's work, which frequently depicts the relationship between humans and nature, is firmly grounded in the Faroese landscape painting tradition. 
Sinhasani is a town and Village Development Committee  in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,520 persons living in 589 individual households. 
This article about a location in Bara District, Nepal is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Twenty-three teams were invited to take part in the race. These included four UCI WorldTeams, eleven UCI Professional Continental teams and eight UCI Continental teams. 
Dillon Falls was named for Moses Dillon, who settled here at the falls of the Licking River. A variant name was Dillon. A post office called Dillon was established in 1887, and remained in operation until 1908. Besides the post office, Dillon Falls had a station on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. 
This Muskingum County, Ohio state location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Bodrhyddan Hall is a country house in Rhuddlan, Denbighshire, Wales. It is a Grade I listed building. 
The present building is a 1690s remodelling of an earlier building dating from the 16th century. It was later upgraded by the architect William Eden Nesfield, who in 1875 added a new west facing entrance front and a service wing and refaced the east front. 
The hall is built in brick in 3 storeys with some terracotta detail and slate roofs. The west entrance frontage has 5 bays with a 4-storey projecting porch. The side elevations have 9 bays (arranged 2-1-3-1-2), the south front looking over a parterre. 
Some of the garden features and outbuildings are also listed. The house and gardens may be visited by the public. 
Bodrhyddan traditionally belonged to the Conway family, descending in the male line until the death of the last male heir, Sir John Conway, 2nd Baronet, in 1721. Bodrhyddan then passed via his daughter Penelope to the Stapletons and eventually by marriage to Rev. William Davies Shipley, Dean of St Asaph. The dean's eldest son was killed in a shooting accident and so the Hall passed to his grandson William, who adopted the surname Shipley-Conwy. 
Portrait of the Marquise de la Solana is a 1795 full length portrait by Francisco Goya of his friend the Marquise de la Solana. It now hangs in the Louvre in Paris, to which it was given in 1953 by Carlos de Beistegui. 
This biographical article related to a Scottish midfielder is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Thalassoplanes modesta is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks. 
In computer graphics, non-uniform rational mesh smooth (NURMS) or subdivision surface technique is typically applied to a low-polygonal mesh to create a high-polygonal smoothed mesh.  
NURMS are used in commercial 3D packages such as Autodesk 3ds Max to perform mesh smoothing operations. The mesh smooth modifier in 3ds Max operates by applying this algorithm to a low-polygon mesh and creates a high-polygon smoothed mesh. The new mesh can be dynamically manipulated by the low-polygon mesh to achieve the desired results.  There is also an Adobe Illustrator filter that uses the same algorithm of smoothing for 2d curves. 
This article about the Municipality of Kostanjevica na Krki in Slovenia is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Classic World Productions-, based in Naperville, Illinois,  was a significant issuer of back music catalogues and television programs. 
In the early days of the last siege of Constantinople in 1453, Ottoman forces captured Therapia - then a minor Byzantine fortification. Some 40 surrendered soldiers were  impaled. 
Tarabya was where the foreign embassies had their summer houses during the Ottoman period, and today the area has several European consulates. 
Sultan Selim II used to enjoy eating fish in this area and asked his grand vizier, Sokollu Mehmed Pasha, to build a palace for him where he can spend the summers. It is believed that Sultan Selim II called his palace Tarabiye which means "pleasure", and the name of the neighbourhood (Tarabya) has derived from the name of this palace. 
Besides its historical monuments, Tarabya is famous for its seafood restaurants, bistros and nightclubs. 
This geographical article about a location in Istanbul Province, Turkey is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
 Wat Lamai is a Buddhist temple in the old part of Ban Lamai (usually known as Lamai Beach) on the resort island of Ko Samui, Thailand. Located adjacent to a main bend in Thai Route 4161, the island's ring road, it has a museum of Buddhist artifacts and the history of Ko Samui and also has a cultural hall for public cultural events and other gatherings such as weddings and funerals. 
John Krokidas  is an American film director, screenwriter, and producer, best known for his directorial debut film, the 2013 biographical drama Kill Your Darlings. 
Krokidas attended Yale University, where he originally enrolled into acting. Krokidas graduated with a B.A. in theater and American studies, as well as a Distinction in the Major. He later attended New York University, where he studied the Graduate Film program. Krokidas has Greek, Italian, and Jewish ancestry. His maternal grandmother was Jewish. 
During his time at New York University, Krokidas began directing short films such as Shame No More (1999) and Slo-Mo (2001). After graduation, he signed a three-year contract with film company Miramax Films, having earlier done script coverage for the studio. In 2013, Krokidas directed, co-wrote and produced his first feature film, Kill Your Darlings, starring Daniel Radcliffe. 
This article about a United States film director born in the 1970s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Yadarnarbon came in as the champions of the 2014 Myanmar National League. Hanthawaddy United and Rakhine United entered as the two promoted teams from the 2014 Myanmar National League 2. 
This season will be the first Myanmar National League season to have Ooredoo as the title sponsor, after penning a deal worth US $1.5 million per year on 20 March 2015. 
A total of 12 teams will compete in the league: 10 sides from the 2014 season and two promoted teams from the 2014 Myanmar National League 2. The two promoted clubs replace Southern Myanmar United and Gospel For Asia. 
Note: Flags indicate national team as has been defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality. 
The number of foreign players is restricted to four per club, including a slot for a player from AFC countries. 
Together with Saint Domnin, he decided to go preach in the Alps, converting the most people into Christianity in Digne-les-Bains. In the early days of Christianity, the missionaries became the first bishops in the main regions they evangelized in. He was part of the first teams of missionaries sent to evangelise Provence. 
This article about a French Catholic bishop or archbishop is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Water heat recycling (also known as drain water heat recovery, waste water heat recovery, greywater heat recovery,[citation needed] or sometimes shower water heat recovery[citation needed]) is the use of a heat exchanger to recover energy and reuse heat from drain water from various activities such as dish-washing, clothes washing and especially showers.  The technology is used to reduce primary energy consumption for water heating. 
Heating water accounts for 18% of the average household utility bill. Standard units save up to 60% of the heat energy that is otherwise lost down the drain when using the shower.[citation needed] 
Installing a water heat recycler reduces energy consumption and thus greenhouse gas emissions and the overall energy dependency of the household. 
A 2-year independent study of waste water heat recovery systems installed into residential houses in the UK found savings of 380kWh and 500kWh per person per year. 
A heat pump can be combined with municipal sewage lines to allow a large building's HVAC system recycle the winter heat or summer cool (compared to the outside air) of water flowing out of many homes and businesses. 
Mid Glamorgan (Welsh: Morgannwg Ganol) is a preserved county of Wales.  From 1974 until 1996 it was also an administrative county with a county council. 
Mid Glamorgan was formed in 1974 under the Local Government Act 1972.  It consisted of part of the former administrative county of Glamorgan and the county borough of Merthyr Tydfil, along with the parishes of Penderyn and Vaynor from Brecknockshire and the urban districts of Bedwas and Machen, Rhymney and part of Bedwellty, from Monmouthshire. 
Mid Glamorgan and its component districts were abolished in 1996 and the area split into the unitary authorities of Bridgend, Merthyr Tydfil, Rhondda Cynon Taf and part of Caerphilly as a result of the Local Government (Wales) Act 1994. 
The communities of Wick, St Brides Major, Ewenny (from the Ogwr district) became part of the Vale of Glamorgan county borough, while Pentyrch (from the Taff-Ely district) was added to the Cardiff unitary authority area.  Because of this, they became part of the preserved county of South Glamorgan.  In 2003 the ceremonial borders were further adjusted, placing the entire Caerphilly county borough in the ceremonial county of Gwent. 
The Mid Glamorgan County Council's offices were located in the Glamorgan Building (the former headquarters of Glamorgan County Council) in Cathays Park, Cardiff outside the Mid Glamorgan boundaries. 
This journal is indexed in Current Contents/Physical, Chemical & Earth Sciences, the Science Citation Index Expanded, and Scopus. According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2019 impact factor of 2.063. 
See tips for writing articles about academic journals. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.
Healthcare in Northamptonshire is now the responsibility of Northamptonshire Clinical Commissioning Group, with some involvement of Cambridgeshire and Peterborough CCG. 
Two practices in the county are in Cambridgeshire and Peterborough Clinical Commissioning Group. The remaining 74 are in Northamptonshire CCG, including Lakeside Surgery, the biggest general practice in the National Health Service with 62 partners. 
Kettering General Hospital NHS Foundation Trust and Northampton General Hospital NHS Trust are the main acute providers in the county. 
Northamptonshire Healthcare NHS Foundation Trust provide the majority of the community services in the county including community nursing and therapy services.  
Northamptonshire Healthcare NHS Foundation Trust in conjunction with the county council set up a new organisation,  First for Wellbeing, in November 2015 to provide public health services including debt advice, smoking cessation and weight management. Badby Park is a specialist provider of care for people with long term conditions. 
The 8 national teams involved in the tournament were required to register a squad of 21 players, including three goalkeepers. Only players in these squads were eligible to take part in the tournament. Players born on or after 1 January 1997 were eligible to compete in the tournament. On 5 November 2019, CAF published the final lists with squad numbers on their website. 
The full squad listings are below. The position listed for each player is per the official squad list published by CAF. The age listed for each player is on 8 November 2019, the first day of the tournament. The nationality for each club reflects the national association (not the league) to which the club is affiliated. A flag is included for coaches who are of a different nationality than their own national team. 
The preliminary squad was announced on 23 October 2019. The final squad was announced on 29 October 2019. 
The preliminary squad was announced on 2 October 2019. The final squad was announced on 29 October 2019. 
The preliminary squad was announced on 9 October 2019. The final squad was announced on 1 November 2019. 
The preliminary squad was announced on 5 October 2019. The squad was then trimmed-down on 21 October 2019. The final squad was announced on 29 October 2019. 
This article about a location in Benton County, Arkansas is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Multai railway station is a railway station in Multai town of Madhya Pradesh. Its code is MTY. It serves Multai town. The station consists of three platforms. Passenger, Express and Superfast trains halt here. 
This article about a railway station in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
OC Parks closed many of their parks to vehicular traffic in March 2020 due to COVID-19 safety concerns. Pedestrians and horseback riders were still permitted to enter the parks. In December 2020, OC Parks was permitted to use sand cubes and boulders to temporarily prevent erosion in Capistrano Beach while looking for a permanent solution. 
OC Parks hosted a virtual Halloween event as well as a series of drive-in movie nights amidst the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020. 
Dhanushka Jayakody (born July 18, 1981 in Colombo, Sri Lanka) is a business consultant from Sri Lanka. He served as the Country Representative of MTI Consulting in Sri Lanka, Bangladesh and Pakistan. and a project manager of MTI operation in India. He was also a board of advisors for AIESEC in Sri Lanka and Pakistan. He was the CEO of Colombo Institute of Social Sciences (CISS) and currently involved with Symbiosis Business Partners based in Australia. 
Jayakody was born and raised in Colombo, Sri Lanka. He studied at Royal College. He then went to Chartered Institute of Marketing and graduated in 2001. He holds an MBA from University of Wales. He is a fellow member of the Chartered Institute of Marketing of the United Kingdom and Institute of Certified Management Accountants of Australia. 
In 2005, Jayakody was promoted to Country representative of MTI Consulting in Bangladesh. He was also the project manager of MTI operation in Bengaluru area of India. In 2006, Jayakody became the Country manager of MTI operation in Pakistan and served until July 2009.  In August 2009, he became the head of Corporate Solutions of MTI Consulting in Sri Lanka and served until the end of 2010. He has handled a number of Strategic Planning, Re-Structuring and Marketing projects. 
In 2011, he joined as a senior consultant of Symbiosis Business Partners and currently involved with its operation in Australia. 
In 2007, Jayakody was appointed to the local Board of Directors for AIESEC Karachi. Having served as a board advisor to the AIESEC movement in Pakistan, Jayakody has given thought leadership on several contemporary matters from a South Asian perspective and has been a speaker at various conferences. He has been also involved with the Institute of Personnel. He was a member of the Panel of Judges at the Great HR Debate of the IPM Sri Lanka in 2009, 2011, 2012 and 2014.[citation needed] 
The 1960 Wisconsin Badgers football team represented the University of Wisconsin in the 1960 Big Ten Conference football season. 
Matthias Hummel (born 3 November 1984) is a German former footballer who played as a centre-back, and current assistant manager of TSV Bordesholm. 
After retiring from playing football in 2016, Hummel became the technical director of ETSV Weiche Flensburg. In 2017, he was appointed as the assistant manager of TSV Bordesholm. 
This biographical article related to association football in Germany, about a defender born in the 1980s, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
"Explorers" is the 68th episode of the television series Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, the 22nd episode of the third season. It premiered May 8, 1995. 
Set in the 24th century, the series follows the adventures of the crew of the space station Deep Space Nine near the planet Bajor, as the Bajorans recover from a decades-long, brutal occupation by the imperialistic Cardassians. In this episode, the human station commander Benjamin Sisko, having taken an interest in Bajoran culture, builds a replica of an ancient Bajoran spacecraft. 
Sisko has obtained diagrams of a lightship and decides to build the vessel and retrace the route of the ancient Bajorans. A brief conversation with the Cardassian officer Dukat reveals political undertones to the adventure: a success would mean accepting accomplishments of the ancient Bajorans that the Cardassians have dismissed as "fairy tales". Despite initial reluctance, Sisko's son Jake agrees to accompany him on the voyage. 
The trip proves an opportunity for the Siskos to talk. Jake reveals that he has been accepted to the Pennington Institute, a prestigious school in Wellington, New Zealand; but he plans to defer his admission so as not to leave his father alone on Deep Space Nine. He also recommends that his father start dating again. 
The Bajoran lightship was designed by Jim Martin working under production designer Herman Zimmerman. The special effect shots were done using computer generated imagery (CGI) produced by Industrial Light & Magic. 
The episode has been noted for being optimistic, featuring what one review called "an enthusiasm for space exploration". Screen Rant rated it the 13th most hopeful episode of Star Trek television. 
In 2020, Io9 said this was one of the "must watch" episodes from the series remarking that it has "emotional, important father-son time between Sisko and his son". 
This episode was released on October 2, 1998 in Japan as part of the half-season LaserDisc box set 3rd Season vol.2. 
The episode was released on June 3, 2003 in North America as part of the season 3 DVD box set. The DVD includes the featurette "Sailing Through the Stars: A Special Look at 'Explorers'", which featured discussion with the production designer Herman Zimmerman on the design of the lightship, as well as concept art from the episode. The episode was released again in 2017 with the complete series DVD box set, which again included the "Sailing Through the Stars" featurette. 
It was released as on VHS tape by Paramount Home Video (catalog number VHR4145), paired with "The Die is Cast" on the same videocassette. 
The name Rising Dream has in a short time become a brand in the European metal community when the Croatian scene is talked about. Five years since it was founded, the band deservingly became the leader of the scene.[citation needed] 
Beginning the April 23rd, Rising Dream, together with German thrash metal band Destruction began a special leg of the Destruction world tour D.E.V.O.L.U.T.I.O.N., which is also first leg of their Failed Tour 2009, showcasing their album Failed Apocalypse all around Europe. This leg will occupy 12 shows in 8 countries (Switzerland, Italy, Austria, Slovakia, Romania, Bulgaria, Greece and Serbia). 
Vacusus is a genus of antlike flower beetles in the family Anthicidae. There are about six described species in Vacusus. 
As a child, Bell appeared as a model in many young teen girl magazines, as well as regular TV appearances. At the age of 16, she entered a modelling competition organised by the Daily Sport, winning out of several thousand entrants. 
Bell recorded a single titled Down 'n Dirty in 2003 and performed a concert in Colchester in aid of the Army Benevolent Fund.  
Bell is a vegan, and supports the British animal rights group Vegetarians' International Voice for Animals (Viva). 
Heisenberg worked on the article while recovering from hay fever on the island of Heligoland, corresponding with Wolfgang Pauli on the subject.  When asked for his opinion of the manuscript, Pauli responded favorably, but Heisenberg said that he was still "very uncertain about it".  In July 1925, he sent the manuscript to Max Born to review and decide whether to submit it for publication. 
In the article, Heisenberg tried to explain the energy levels of a one-dimensional anharmonic oscillator, avoiding the concrete but unobservable representations of electron orbits by using observable parameters such as transition probabilities for quantum jumps, which necessitated using two indexes corresponding to the initial and final states. 
Yuki took up fencing in his elementary school years at the instigation of his father, a Zorro fan and keen amateur fencer. He won the national junior high school championships. In Heian High School, he got third consecutive championship victories in national high school championships. 
In 2006, Ota resumed training with Japan's national coach, Ukrainian Oleg Matseichuk, from whom he had always kept his distances before. He won a gold medal at the 2006 Asian Games in Doha and at the 2008 Asian Fencing Championships held in Bangkok. 
At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he lost in the third round of the individual foil competition, but won a silver medal in the team foil event. At the 2015 World Fencing Championships, he won gold in the Men's foil event, becoming the first Japanese to win a world championship in any event in fencing. 
Ota graduated from Doshisha University. He is a member of the athletes commission of the International Fencing Federation. 
The MNL Myanmar 2013 is the Myanmar National League's fourth full regular season. The fixture schedule was released on third weeks of December 2012. The season is scheduled to begin on 5 January 2013 and end on 25 August 2013. At the end of the 2013 season, the top two teams from the MNL-2 New Holland League will be promoted to the MNL while the two bottom teams from the MNL will be relegated to the MNL-2. 
Note: Flags indicate national team as has been defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality. 
This biographical article about a football forward from Uruguay born in the 1960s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Shrewsbury rail accident occurred on 15 October 1907. An overnight sleeping-car and mail train from Manchester to the West of England derailed on the sharply curved approach to Shrewsbury station, killing 18 people and wounding 33. The accident was concluded to be due to excessive speed on a dangerous curve. 
Those killed were the engine driver and fireman, two guards, eleven passengers, and three Post Office sorters working in the Mail train.  Thirty-three other people were reported injured. 
The accident was the last in a series of three derailments due to excessive speed at night in a 16-month period. The others were at Salisbury and Grantham (both in 1906).  All three resulted in deaths, including the footplate crews; the cause in each case was recorded as 'driver error', but there has been much speculation since. 
The report concluded the most likely explanation of the Shrewsbury crash was that the driver had dozed off briefly, missing the signal, and therefore had not braked in time on the downhill entry to Shrewsbury. The fireman was believed to have failed to recognize the driver's excessive speed until too late.  
An anonymous poem about the disaster was printed in the Shrewsbury Chronicle newspaper.  It had been written by a young Meole Brace woman, Mary Meredith, after she read an account of the accident. (She was better known after her marriage as novelist Mary Webb). Her brother had submitted her poem to the newspaper without her knowledge.  It drew appreciative letters to the paper and it is now believed to be Webb's first published writing. 
The Danish Chamber of Commerce was founded on 1 January 2007 as a result of a merger between Dansk Handel & Service and the Chamber of Commerce (previously Handelskammeret, HTSI). 
The Danish Chamber of Commerce owns and resides in King Christian IV's Old Stock Exchange building on Slotsholmen in Copenhagen. Furthermore the organisation has offices in the neighbouring complex, Tietgens Hus, as well as an office in Aarhus and an EU-office in Bruxelles. 
This article about a location in the province of Burgos, Spain is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Emilio Enrique Frey was born in Baradero, Argentina, as the oldest of nine children. His father was a Swiss immigrant and farmer of the Swiss colony at Baradero, Buenos Aires Province, his mother was Argentine. 
During intense discussions the British government acted as arbiter between Chilean and Argentine interests resulting in a new treaty in 1902 Treaty of Arbitration between Chile and Argentina of 1902. 
The Argentine minister for agriculture Ramos Mejia established another commission to study the hydrology of Northern Patagonia in 1910, which was led by professor Bailey Willis, a US geologist. Frey was his Argentine deputy. When they reached one of the lakes discovered by Frey earlier, which was not yet officially named, Willis proposed to call it Lago Frey in 1913 es:Lago Frey. 
For the services Francisco Moreno provided as commissioner during the border disputes, the Argentine state granted him extensive land titles in Patagonia. Moreno in turn gave back to Argentina a large area close to the Nahuel Huapi Lake under the condition, that this land should be protected as a national park. When this national park was established, Frey became its first superintendent. He kept this role after the park was renamed Nahuel Huapi National Park es:Parque Nacional Nahuel Huapi. 
Frey was cofounder of the Club Andino Bariloche, the first mountaineering club in Argentina, in 1931. He became its first president and continued in this role for 30 years. 
The personal flag of Queen Elizabeth II in her role as Queen of New Zealand was approved for use in 1962. It is used by the Queen when she is in New Zealand. The Queen's Representative, the Governor-General of New Zealand has their own flag. 
The flag follows the same basic pattern used by queen across several other realms since the 1960s: it is the escutcheon of a country's coat of arms (e.g. the arms of New Zealand) in banner form defaced with a device taken from her personal flag (a blue roundel surrounded by a garland of roses encircling a crowned letter 'E', all in gold). 
The flag is divided into four quadrants: The first quadrant includes depicts four stars as representative of the Southern Cross constellation, as depicted on the national flag. The second quadrant consists of a golden fleece on a red field. The third quadrant contains a golden wheat sheaf on a red field. The final quadrant includes two crossed gold hammers on a blue field. 
The central stripe consists of three ships. Superimposed in the centre is a dark blue roundel bearing a Roman E surmounted by a Royal Crown within a chaplet of roses, all gold-coloured, obscuring the centre ship. 
The central blue disc is taken from the Queen's Personal Flag, which is used by the Queen in relation to her role as Head of the Commonwealth. 
The flag is flown continuously on any building in which the Queen is in residence and by a ship transporting the Queen in New Zealand waters. It is also flown whilst the Queen is attending a state or public function, and it is to be seen above the saluting base at military parades and open air gatherings when she is present. It is also broken when the Queen sets foot on board one of Her Majesty's New Zealand Ships. 
When flown with the New Zealand Flag, the Queen's Personal Flag for New Zealand takes the position of honour. 
The only occasions on which the Queen's Personal Flag for New Zealand are flown in her absence are at parades in honour of Her Majesty's Official Birthday. 
The flag is protected under the Flags, Emblems, and Names Protection Act 1981, Section 12(1) states: 
Every person commits an offence against this Act who, without the authority of Her Majesty or (as the case may require) the Governor-General, displays or exhibits or otherwise uses any representation to which this subsection applies in such a manner as to be likely to cause any person to believe that he does so under the authority, sanction, approval, appointment, or patronage of Her Majesty or the Governor-General.
During the coronation ceremony of the monarch at Westminster Abbey, the "standards" of various countries are carried by various officials in the procession inside the abbey. These flags are the country's coat of arms as a banner of arms. For New Zealand, unlike Canada and Australia, the banner remained the same for the King George V, King George VI and Queen Elizabeth II in 1911, 1937, and 1953, respectively.[citation needed]. The banner was in a 3:4 ratio and without defacement. 
The Gloucester Centurions  were an American football team based in Gloucester. They competed in the National South League of the BAFA National Leagues. 
Going on the strength of superb facilities that included a full-sized 100-yard playing field, the British American Football League promoted the Banshees to full league membership in November 2008. The Banshees drafted players from the now-defunct Hereford Chargers in preparation for their first season as full members of the British American Football League. 
Shortly after the end of the season, head coach Branagh tendered his resignation and subsequently took up the general manager's role at Leicester Falcons. As part of an entire club restructure a submission for renaming the team was made to and accepted by BAFANL, and from 2012 onwards the team has been called Gloucester Centurions. 
The 2012 season saw the Centurions scheduled against Oxford Saints, Bournemouth Bobcats, Cornish Sharks and Bristol Apache. They ended the season with two wins, six losses and two draws. 
The Gloucester Centurions play in a purple home kit with silver trim and their alternative is the old Banshees second strip (white with red trims). 
The Pitons are two large lava domes that formed 200 to 300,000 years ago, some time before the formation of the caldera; ever since then, other domes have filled the caldera floor. More recently, there was a phreatic eruption in 1766 that deposited ash over a wide area. 
In October of 2021, Australian mining junior India Bore Diamond Holdings announced the discovery of a second Matryoshka diamond (0.844 carats) extracted from its Ellendale alluvial deposit in Western Australia. 
In five-dimensional Euclidean geometry, the omnitruncated 5-simplex honeycomb or omnitruncated hexateric honeycomb is a space-filling tessellation (or honeycomb). It is composed entirely of omnitruncated 5-simplex facets. 
The facets of all  omnitruncated simplectic honeycombs are called permutahedra and can be positioned in n+1 space with integral coordinates, permutations of the whole numbers (0,1,..,n). 
The A*5 lattice (also called A65) is the union of six A5 lattices, and is the dual vertex arrangement to the omnitruncated 5-simplex honeycomb, and therefore the Voronoi cell of this lattice is an omnitruncated 5-simplex. 
The omnitruncated 5-simplex honeycomb can be projected into the 3-dimensional omnitruncated cubic honeycomb by a geometric folding operation that maps two pairs of mirrors into each other, sharing the same 3-space vertex arrangement: 
German Creek is a rural locality in south-eastern South Australia, situated in the District Council of Grant. The boundaries were formalised in October 1995 for the long established name. The postcode was originally 5280, but was altered to 5291 in 2004. It was reportedly named for a German who was shepherding in the area. 
The German Creek area was offered to the government for closer settlement purposes in 1911; however, while the government purchased the nearby Moorak estate, it declined to purchase land at German Creek, and the area was privately subdivided. 
German Creek is located within the federal division of Barker, the state electoral district of Mount Gambier and the local government area of the District Council of Grant. The principal land use at German Creek is primary production. 
The Coola Shearing Shed has been listed as a state heritage place on the South Australian Heritage Register. 
The 2016 Australian census which was conducted in August 2016 reports that German Creek had a population of 44 people. 
While Anakin and Mace Windu recover from their injuries, Plo Koon and Ahsoka tracks down Boba Fett from the underworld of Coruscant to the planet Florrum. Boba's revenge scheme finally leads to a climactic battle, and the life of a Republic admiral hangs in the balance. 
Exhibition of water color paintings selected from The Exhibition of The Philadelphia Water Color Club. February 1 to 23, 1914. 
Under the name of "Lucille Howard", Edith Lucille Howard authored an article about the work of young fashion students inspired by artifacts in the University of Pennsylvania Museum of Archeology and Anthropology (September 1920) 
This article about a painter from the United States born in the 1880s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Following the Italian advance, Wavell ordered the commander of British Troops Egypt, Lieutenant-General Sir Henry Maitland Wilson, to plan a limited operation to push the Italians back. Operation Compass, for administrative reasons, was originally planned as a five-day raid but consideration was given to continuing the operation to exploit success. On 28 November, Wavell wrote to Wilson that, 
I do not entertain extravagant hopes of this operation but I do wish to make certain that if a big opportunity occurs we are prepared morally, mentally and administratively to use it to the fullest.
These reinforcements reached the 10th Army after the start of Operation Compass (data taken from Montanari, 1990). 
Western Desert Force, 9 December 1940 Details taken from Christie (1999) and Montanari (1990) unless specified. 
The Western Desert Force consisted of about 31,000 soldiers, 120 guns, 275 tanks and sixty armoured cars. The 4th Indian Division was exchanged with the 6th Australian Division for the pursuit after the first part of Operation Compass. 
Athletic facilities at the park include several fields and courts. Courts include one full-sized basketball court, a half-sized basketball court, two tennis courts, and a beach volleyball court. The fields include one baseball field, four softball fields, and three soccer fields that overlay the softball diamonds' outfields. Memorial Park also includes the only skatepark in the city. 
Natural areas include forested portions, wetlands, and a community garden. A portion of the park on the northern edge is forested and nicknamed as Owl Woods due to the presence of a great horned owl. Other birds that inhabit the park include wrens, pileated woodpeckers, grosbeaks, red-tailed hawks, and bald eagles on occasion. The park includes the Ernest Kolbe Giant Sequoia, selected as one of the city's heritage trees. 
During the summers the park is home to the city's Art in the Park program for children. The crafts program is held once a week and started in 2004. In July and August each year, the park is the host of Movies in the Park. The program shows free movies on select Fridays during those months. An annual Easter Egg hunt is held at the park as well. Wilsonville Celebration Days used to be held at the park, but is now staged at Town Center Park. 
HMS Pargust was a Royal Navy warship that was active during World War I. She was a Special Service Vessel (also known as Q-ships) used by the RN in anti-submarine warfare.  Pargust was active in this role during the last two years of the war, and was successful on one occasion, destroying the U-boat UC-29. 
Pargust was assigned to special service duty and based at Queenstown, in Ireland and was active on anti-submarine duties in the Southwest Approaches.  
Pargust remained afloat, and was joined by the sloops HMS Crocus and Zinnia, and the American destroyer USS Cushing. Pargust's crew were transferred to Zinnia, and she was taken under tow; she was brought safely to Queenstown the following day. 
Pargust was moved to Devonport, for extensive repairs; she was still under repair in October 1917 when she was transferred to the US Navy. The USN was keen to take part in the anti-submarine special service operations, and had requested two Q-ships to be manned by US personnel. However Pargust's damage was more extensive than had been expected, and she not ready in time for operations with the Americans, so was returned to RN control.  
In May 1918, and now renamed Pangloss, she was transferred to Gibraltar. She joined a special service force based there for patrol work in the mid-Atlantic, where German "U-cruisers" were operating, and in the western Mediterranean. However she saw no further action before the war ended in November 1918.  
After this she was de-commissioned and returned to civilian service. As SS Johann Faulbaum she was sunk by RAF aircraft near Kirkenes on 13 May 1944. 
Hurricane Smith is a 1952 American Technicolor adventure film directed by Jerry Hopper and starring Yvonne de Carlo, John Ireland, James Craig, Forrest Tucker, Lyle Bettger and Richard Arlen. 
The film is set at an undetermined date but presumably is intended to be in the later 19th century. Costumes vary from 18th century to 1950s. The ship is typical of the early 18th century but with a typical late 19th century name. The frequent discussion of "blackbirding" would place the timeframe in the second half of the 19th century. 
Captain Raikes of the ship "The Southern Cross" arrives on an island in the South Pacific Ocean to capture slaves. He rows ashore with his first mate Brown and other crew members, unaware the island is inhabited by three white adventurers who have been stranded there: Hurricane Smith, Dan O'Hara and Brundage. 
Smith, O'Hara and Brundage sneak on board "The Southern Cross", overwhelm the remaining crew, and takes over the boat. He sails it to Australia. On the way Smith explains he has buried half a million dollars in Dakaru before being unfairly arrested for piracy. He persuades O'Hara and Brundage to become his partners in retrieving it. 
In Australia, the three men rename their ship "The Lady Betty" try to raise money to track down the treasure. They are approached by Eric Gorvahlsen, a scientist who wants to hire a ship. Raikes and Brown arrive in Australia so Hurricane, Dan and Brundage take them prisoner on "The Lady Betty". 
Gorvahlsen goes on board the ship with his companions, Dr. Whitmore and Whitmore's half-Polynesian daughter Luana, who is also Gorvahlsen's lover. Gorvahlsen is actually planning to capture Hurricane's treasure on Dakaru. He has never seen Hurricane Smith and suspects that Dan O'Hara is he (the real Hurricane pretends to be "Jim Tyler"). 
Gorvahlsen tells Luana to find out information about Dan/O'Hara from Hurricane/Tyler. Luana and the real Hurricane fall in love with each other and she admits to having doubts about the scheme. 
Raikes and Brown have been released from the brig. They start a knife fight with Brundage and another sailor Clobb, which results in Raikes being sent back to the brig. 
Luana falls in the water and Hurricane rescues her from a shark. During this, Brundage accidentally calls Hurricane by his real name and Gorvahlsen notices. He orders Luana to drug Hurricane with gin but she warns him instead. Hurricane swims to the island of Dakaru to prepare the natives for the attack. 
Gorvahlsen orders Dan to anchor the ship off Dakaru. Brown then persuades Gorvahlsen to join forces with him and order Dan to release Raikes. Dan then leaves for the island to warn Hurricane. 
Hurricane sneaks back on board the boat by which time Brown has caused the crew to be unsettled. Hurricane is thrown in the brig and Clobb kills a sailor. Gorvahlsen takes over the ship, and Clobb encourages the rest of the crew to arm themselves. Gorvahlsen tells the crew about the gold and convinces them to help him claim it. 
In Dakaru, Hurricane is forced to lead Gorvahlsen, Brown and Raikes to where the gold has been buried. They dig up the treasure but then Dan leads the natives to attack. Dr. Whitmore spears Gorvahlsen to death and Brundage kills Clobb in a knife fight. Hurricane and Luana are united. 
The film was based on a 1922 novel Hurricane Williams by Gordon Ray Young. The character had appeared in a number of stories by Young including Wild Blood (1921) and The Vengeance of Hurricane Williams (1926). 
In 1951 producer Nat Holt announced he had bought screen rights to the novel and had hired Frank Gruber, one of his regular screenwriters, to adapt it. Edmond O'Brien had just starred in Silver City for Holt (also written by Gruber) and he was mentioned as a possible star. 
In August 1951 Holt announced Paulette Goddard would star with Sterling Hayden as a possible co star. However Paramount had a backlog of films at the time and filming was pushed back to the following year. 
Eventually the leads were played by Yvonne de Carlo, who had just made Silver City with Holt, and John Ireland. Forrest Tucker and Richard Arlen also played lead roles. James Craig was borrowed from MGM to play the villain. Australian actor Murray Matheson, who had been in Botany Bay, had a small role. 
Filming began 11 February 1952. The film featured Kanaka Islanders as extras who had to be "blackened up" by the make up man because the filmmakers felt they were not dark enough. 
Rajender Singh Sangwan (born 24 August 1958) is an Indian biochemist, professor and agriculture biotechnologist. He is the Director and Vice-Chancellor of Academy of Scientific and Innovative Research (AcSIR), India. He is also a former director of National Agri-Food Biotechnology Institute (NABI). 
Sangwan was born on 24 August 1958 at Badal village in Haryana, India. He graduated in B.Sc. (Chemistry, Botany and Zoology) at Kurukshetra University in 1979. He has done Masters in Biochemistry from Haryana Agricultural University 1981. He completed his Ph.D. in Biochemistry from Haryana Agricultural University in 1987. He went to Queens University at Kingston, Ontario, Canada for his Post-Doctoral research. 
He the founder of Center of Innovative and Applied Bioprocessing (CIAB) and was the CEO from May 2012 to August 2017. 
Rajender Singh Sangwan joined as the first regular director of Academy of Scientific and Innovative Research (AcSIR) on 17 August 2017. 
Costa Rica participated at the 2017 Summer Universiade, in Taipei, Taiwan with 8 competitors in 4 sports. 
This profile of a European comics creator, writer, or artist is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Alive in Oslo is a live album by Australian unblack metal band Horde, released in April 2007 by Veridon Music. The album features the live concert by the band, recorded at Nordic Fest in Oslo, Norway on 3 November 2006. It also features a bonus DVD containing footage of the show. 
Frederick (died October 954) was the Archbishop of Mainz from 937, following the late Hildebert, until his death. He was a son of Reginar, Duke of Lorraine.[citation needed] 
Immediately, Frederick acted as an opponent of Otto the Great, one of the most consistent opponents he faced. In 939, he joined the rebellion of Eberhard III of Franconia, Gilbert of Lorraine, and Henry I of Bavaria. He was imprisoned in Hammelburg for a while. He plotted with Henry to assassinate Otto in Easter 941 in Quedlinburg, but they were discovered and put in captivity in Ingelheim, being released and pardoned only after doing penance at Christmas of that year. 
Frederick refused to accompany Otto to Italy in 951. He participated in another rebellion with Liudolf, Duke of Swabia, and Conrad, Duke of Lorraine, luring the king to Mainz in 953. Abandoned by the Lorrainers and without Henry's support this time, the rebels were easily crushed and punished. Frederick tried to distance himself from the fighting, but died before anything could come to him. 
He was turbaned as the Etsu Patigi since 1999 spending twenty years on the throne. He succeeded Etsu Idirisu Gana, who had ruled from 1966 to 1996.  Chatta was succeeded by his son Eu Umaru Bologi II. 
After he was turbaned as the Etsu Patigi in 1999, he became the vice-chairman of the Kwara State Traditional Council. 
He has exhibited his work around the globe from invitational exhibitions of posters to solo shows in China, Taiwan, South Korea, Japan, Russia, Poland, Czech Republic, Slovakia, Bulgaria, France, Ukraine, Argentina, Mexico, Brazil, England, and the Netherlands among other countries. 
Andrew Foster (born 4 October 1980) is a musician active from 2007 living on the South Coast of England. He is a sponsored artist by Adam Black Guitars and has been mentioned in Acoustic Magazine and interviewed on BBC Radio Solent. 
By the summer of 2006, Foster had finished working at Gold Crest Audio in Soho, and moved back to Portsmouth. 
Foster formed his own record label, Green Fish Records. The name originates from watching goldfish in a bowl and using it as an analogy for channeling frustration and limitation. 
The first release on the new label was on 1 March 2007 and EP entitled Watching Clocks.  This featured The Stranglers' drum technician Ian Barnard on drums and 300 copies were sold in limited edition CD format. Watching Clocks EP was the precursor to Foster's debut album, Media Ghost, which was released on 8 September 2008 in CD and digital download. Foster toured the UK promoting his album selling over 1000 CDs. The release did not chart as sales were not counted for that period. 
On 21 January 2010 The News Portsmouth published an article about Foster and a gig he was due to play at The Square Brewery, Petersfield. The article quoted Foster's review from Acoustic Magazine and outlined his plans for his second studio album. 
Foster's second album, The Garden, was released on 11 May 2010. In early 2013, the title track was remixed by Kassassin Street's Rowan Bastable, featuring Nathan Hill on percussion. This remix was mastered by Pete Maher, a producer for Beady Eye and U2. Foster was supported by Seahorses' Chris Helme at the launch of The Garden at the Half Moon, Putney. The art work for the album was created by American artist Helen Janow. 
On 6 March 2011, the album Panic Moon was released; along with an unofficial video for track 7 "Dark Astronaut". This homemade video was made by Foster himself and was based on the adventures of Morph and Doctor Who. 
On 8 March 2011, Foster featured in a studio session live on Pure FM playing tracks "Zombie Dance" and "Amy Watches the Stars" from Panic Moon. 
Foster and the Watchman played songs from Media Ghost, Panic Moon, The Garden and EP Watching Clocks in a show at The New Theatre Royal in Portsmouth on 4 December 2011. The show started with Neil Armstrong's Apollo 11 transmission playing and finished with a cover of the song "The Great Pretender" by The Platters. This was reviewed in the Portsmouth News. The show was recorded and sold on digital download format. To date this remains the only live album in Foster's catalogue. 
The EP New Criterion was released in September 2012. The cover art for this photograph, also entitled New Criterion, was taken by Aaron Bennett Photography and won an award from the National Photographic Society in 2013. 
In an article published by The News Portsmouth entitled "A Weekend with: Andrew Foster", Foster revealed a friendship with comedian Shappi Khorsandi and his love of Karl Pilkington, Downton Abbey, Doctor Who and Sherlock. The article also outlined Foster's favourite food to be Spaghetti Bolognese and favourite local day out to be at Kingley Vale in West Stoke Hampshire. 
Foster spent 2013 working with Beady Eye mastering engineer Pete Maher on his album Science and Magic, which is due for release in 2014.[needs update] 
Foster has played in various venues across the country and has toured a number of times across the UK. Additionally he has played at the Eastney Cellars supporting Mumford & Sons and the Blue Tones' Mark Morriss, at The Wedgewood Rooms supporting Charlene Soraia and at The Brook supporting Passenger. 
On 31 August 2007, Foster supported Hard-Fi as they were Number One in the UK Albums Chart. The gig promoted the release of their second studio album Once Upon a Time in the West and was played at South Parade Pier in Portsmouth. 
In 2010, 2011, and 2012, Foster toured the UK supporting English Rock vocalist and guitarist Terry Reid. Foster toured with Reid in early 2013, playing various venues across the South of England including The Komedia in Brighton and The Borderline in London. 
Foster has played the Annual Nick Drake Gathering in Tanworth-in-Arden in 2009, 2010,2011, 2012 and 2013 playing covers of Nick Drake songs "Northern Sky",  "Hanging on a Star", "Day is Done", and "Been Smoking Too Long". 
In the summer of 2013, Foster was mentioned in The Isle of Wight County Press as having played the Kashmir Tent at The Isle of Wight Festival. Foster is also noted to have played the Big Top Stage at Wickham Festival 2013. 
Electroharmonix Superego, Ibanez DE7, Danelectro Cool Cat, Boss SD1, Artec Fuzz Town, Digitech Clapton Crossroads 
On 16 April 2020, the FFF announced the termination of the competition, with promotion and relegation decided by points earned per game played, subject to the normal verification process by the financial authority, the DNCG. 
On 16 July, the FFF ratified the constitution of the competition, and published the groups as follows: 
On 16 June 2020 Mulhouse were administrative relegated by the DNCG committee of the FFF. The relegation was confirmed on appeal. 
Any reprieves required due to administrative relegations, mergers or clubs folding are usually decided by taking, in order, the 14th placed clubs ranked by order of their record against clubs finishing 9th to 13th position in their group, followed by the 15th placed clubs ranked by order of their record against clubs finishing in 10th to 14th position in their group. Due to the season not being completed, this ranking used points per game rather than points earned. 
Saint-Priest were reprieved due to the administrative relegation of Mulhouse, subject to that club appealing the decision. 
Motion Graphics was released by the Domino Recording Company on August 26, 2016. Three singles and music videos were released from Motion Graphics: "Lenses", "Anyware", and "Houzzfunction". Culture Sport, a digital visual artist, was responsible for creating the album artwork and videos. Motion Graphics garnered generally favorable reviews from music journalists, with common praises including the album's unique sound design. 
One way of inputting MIDI data into the Max for Live plug-in was through actual recorded audio. For example, the closing track of Motion Graphics, "SoftBank Arcade (Swiftcode Version)", plays MIDI notes that are inputted by hits from a free jazz drum recording. 
PFHS competes in IHSAA Class 5A with the largest schools in the state in the Inland Empire League (5A) with nearby and Coeur d'Alene and Lake City, and also Lewiston, about two hours south. Post Falls moved  up to 5A from 4A in the fall of 2006; it had moved from A-2 to A-1 (Division II) in the fall of 1985. 
Nick Paton Walsh (born 1977) is a British journalist who is a Senior International correspondent with CNN. He has been CNN's Kabul Correspondent, an Asia and foreign affairs correspondent for the UK's Channel 4 News, and Moscow correspondent for The Guardian newspaper. 
Paton Walsh was born in Guildford, Surrey. and educated at Epsom College, a boarding independent school in the town of Epsom, also in Surrey, followed by University College London. 
Paton Walsh began working for CNN in March 2011 in Pakistan. He covered the death of Osama bin Laden as their first reporter in country to the story, entering the fugitive's former compound and breaking the news that cellphone signals had led the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) to the al-Qaeda leader. 
Paton Walsh covered American President Barack Obama's speech about the withdrawal of America's troops from Afghanistan, detailing a Taliban resurgence in Nuristan Province, a booming opium culture in Badakhshan Province, together with insurgent violence and a resurgent al-Qaeda in Kunar. He also reported from Benghazi on Libya's declaration of liberty after Gaddafi was deposed. In September he became CNN's full-time correspondent in Kabul. 
While based in London, Paton Walsh uncovered a series of exclusives for the programme, including the British use of incendiary bombs in Afghanistan; a covert British programme to train the special forces of regimes considered to have questionable human rights records; and Sebastian Coe's controversial description of the Chinese policemen who guided the Olympic torch through London as "thugs". 
Paton Walsh was the programme's undercover correspondent in Zimbabwe, during the 2008 elections. He was one of a handful of western reporters inside the country during the violent crackdown on the MDC. He also reported the war between Georgia and Russia in July 2008 from both sides of the front line. 
In September 2008, Paton Walsh moved to Bangkok, to become the programme's Asia correspondent. During the Mumbai hotel sieges that November, he got the first interview with the Australian barman held in the Taj Hotel. 
Paton Walsh spent many months in Pakistan, where he reported on the Taliban's infiltration of Karachi, and on the military's campaign to take Bajaur. His team broadcast the first mobile phone footage of a woman being flogged publicly by the Taliban in the Swat Valley, which caused popular outcry in Pakistan. 
Paton Walsh has also organised and reported interviews with Taliban leaders Mansoor Dadullah and Mullah Nasir. 
Paton Walsh has also worked on vigilante murders and economic booms in China; on mud volcanoes in Indonesia; migrant workers in Dubai; food exportation from Cambodia; Naxalite rebels in Chhattisgarh, India; and he watched and reported as his office and flat were surrounded by the protests that shook Bangkok in May 2010. 
Paton Walsh joined The Observer newspaper in 1999, after studying English at University College London, where he has run the Guardian's "Me and My Motor" column, in which celebrities spoke each week about their car. 
Paton Walsh covered the popular revolutions in Georgia, Ukraine, and Kyrgyzstan, and their failure in Azerbaijan and Belarus. He was also the Guardian's only correspondent in Beslan for the brutal hostage crisis at Middle School Number One there. He worked repeatedly inside the North Caucasus, travelling to Chechnya over twenty times and winning various awards for his reporting there. 
Paton Walsh helped break this story of the disciplining of Craig Murray, the then British Ambassador to Uzbekistan, who spoke out against the British invasion of Iraq. He also secured the ambassador's first interview for the Guardian and Channel Four News. 
Paton Walsh has won a series of awards since joining the staff of The Observer newspaper, aged 21. In 2000 he was the British Press Gazette's Young Journalist of the Year, and four years later was nominated for their Foreign Correspondent award for the Guardian's coverage of the Beslan school hostage crisis. 
Paton Walsh won Amnesty International's Gaby Rado Award for a reporter at the start of their career in 2006 for his work in the former Soviet Union, and their television award for his work in Sri Lanka in 2010. He won the Lorenzo Natali Prize for human rights reporting in 2006. 
In February 2011, Paton Walsh's work in Kandahar, Afghanistan was part of a body of reports that won Channel Four News the prestigious Broadcast television award for news and current affairs coverage. 
The Irish Socialist was a monthly newspaper produced by the Communist Party of Ireland, originally published starting in December 1965 by the Irish Workers' Party prior to its merger with the Communist Party of Northern Ireland and relaunch as the Communist Party of Ireland. 
Mark McCormick (born April 13, 1933) is a former Justice of the Iowa Supreme Court who served from 1972 to 1986. 
After graduating from Villanova University, McCormick served for three years as an officer in the United States Navy. He graduated from Georgetown University Law Center in 1960, then clerked on the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit for Judge Harvey M. Johnsen. McCormick then returned to Fort Dodge and practiced law from 1961 to 1968, during which he was also an Assistant Webster County attorney. 
From 1968 to 1972, McCormick served as a judge of the Iowa District Court. In 1972, Robert D. Ray appointed McCormick to the Iowa Supreme Court. 
In 1986, McCormick retired from the Iowa Supreme Court to join the Des Moines firm Belin, Harris, Helmick & Tesdell as a partner. In 1997, the firm was renamed Belin Lamson McCormick Zumbach Flynn, before being renamed once more to Belin McCormick. In private practice, McCormick was rated in Band 1 for commercial litigation by Chambers & Partners. 
He published a treatise on jury selection and articles in the Iowa Law Review and the Drake Law Review. He also argued before the Supreme Court of the United States in Fitzgerald v. Racing Association of Central Iowa in 2002. 
In 1998, McCormick ran in the Democratic primary to be Governor of Iowa and narrowly lost to Tom Vilsack. In 2003, he ran for Mayor of Des Moines and narrowly lost again to Frank Cownie. In 2010, McCormick advocated for the retention of the justices of the Iowa Supreme Court in response to the backlash over Varnum v. Brien. 
Yahoo! Movies devotes special coverage to the Academy Awards with a special Oscars site. The Oscars site includes articles, show coverage, a list of the night's big winners, photos, videos, and polls. 
From 2002 to 2007, Yahoo! Movies was the home of Greg's Previews of Upcoming Movies, an enhanced version of Upcomingmovies.com, written by its creator, Greg Dean Schmitz. 
Yahoo! Movies also releases special guides, such as the Summer Movie Guide, which contains information on the major releases of the summer with exclusive trailers and clips, photos, box office information, polls, and unique editorial content. 
Additionally, Yahoo! Movies teamed up with MTV to host a special site for the MTV Movie Awards, which will feature show information and a section where users can submit original movie shorts parodying last year's movies for the chance to win the new award, Best Movie Spoof. 
In 1953, Le Guennant was awarded the Honorary Doctorate of the Pontifical Institute of Sacred Music in Rome. 
Scutelnic (also scutnic, from Romanian verb scuti, "to exempt", "to absolve"; plural: scitelnici, scutnici) were peasant servants in Wallachia and Moldova who were exempt from state taxes. They were charged with various duties and were attached to boiers (land owners with military or administrative functions) and to monasteries. 
The category of scutelnici was introduced by the reforms of Constantine Mavrocordatos. It was abolished in Bessarabia after the region was annexed by the Russian Empire on April 29, 1818 by the Statute on the Establishment of the Bessarabian Oblast. 
The term is preserved in various names, such as the family names Skutnik, Skutelnik (alternative transliterations of the word from Cyrillic) and the settlement Scutelnici. 
The Monday River is a river of Paraguay. It flows and empties into the Parana River, just south of the tri-border mark point of the Triple Frontier. Its primary course lies almost entirely within the Alto Parana Department. 
A windsport is any type of sport which involves wind-power, often involving a non-rigid airfoil such as a sail or a power kite. The activities can be land-based, on snow, on ice or on water. Windsport activity may be regulated in some countries by aviation/maritime authorities if they are likely to interfere with other activities. Local authorities may also regulate activity in certain areas, especially on crowded beaches and parks. 
The following air sports are not classed as windsports because in these the participants actually leave the ground for long periods and many do not use the wind: 
Haloxylon persicum, the white saxaul, is a small tree belonging to the family Amaranthaceae. Its range is Western Asia, including the Palestine region, Egypt, Sinai, South Iraq, Saudi Arabia, Iran, Oman, UAE, Afghanistan, and Pakistan, to Central Asia (Kyrgyzstan, Turkmenistan, etc.), and  China (Xinjiang etc.). 
The plant's extensive root system is useful for stabilising sandy soils. The wood is durable and heavy and is used in general carpentry. As it burns well and gives a good heat it is used as a fuel. It is called "ghada" in Arabic and was frequently mentioned in classical Arabic poetry. 
Turcmenigena varentzovi (saxaul longhorn beetle, Varentsov's longhorn beetle) is a pest of the white saxaul tree in Kazakhstan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan. 
Eli Babalj (born 21 February 1992) is an Australian footballer who plays as a forward for Newcastle Jets. Alongside Robert Cornthwaite and Sasa Ognenovski, Babalj, at 1.95 m is the joint third tallest player to have represented the Australia national association football team, behind Zeljko Kalac (2.02 m) and Harry Souttar (1.98 m). 
Eli Babalj made his return appearance to the A-League for the Melbourne Heart away to the Western Sydney Wanderers on Australia Day, 26 January 2013 as a 2nd half substitution. 
On 19 April 2013, Dutch club AZ Alkmaar completed the signing of Eli for a fee believed to be in the region of $200,000. 
On 2 February 2015, Babalj was sent on loan at PEC Zwolle for the rest of the season. Eli Babalj made his Eredivisie debut for PEC Zwolle at home to the Go Ahead Eagles on 15 February 2015 as a 70th-minute substitute for Maikel van der Werff. 
On 22 January 2016, Babalj ruptured his anterior cruciate ligament against Brisbane Roar, ruling him out for the remainder of the A-League season. 
On 7 February 2017, after training with Adelaide United since late January, Babalj joined Adelaide United once more until the end of the season. 
On 12 October 2021, after stint's with Brisbane Roar and Chainat Hornbill Babalj returned to Australia and signed with Newcastle Jets for the 2021-22 A-League Men season after a successful trial at the club.  
Clay Mathematics Monographs is a series of expositions in mathematics co-published by AMS and Clay Mathematics Institute. Each volume in the series offers an exposition of an active area of current research, provided by a group of mathematicians. 
British magazine Music Week wrote, "A Euro-pop/techno tune boasting the same furious breakbeats as predecessor Son Of A Gun but without the force to propel it quite as high in the charts." 
During the Middle Ages, the descendants of the Carolingian dynasty came to dominate the area and then extended their rule to a large part of Western Europe. The region nowadays corresponding to the Netherlands therefore became part of Lower Lotharingia within the Frankish Holy Roman Empire. For several centuries, lordships such as Brabant, Holland, Zeeland, Friesland, Guelders and others held a changing patchwork of territories. There was no unified equivalent of the modern Netherlands. 
By 1433, the Duke of Burgundy had assumed control over most of the lowlands territories in Lower Lotharingia; he created the Burgundian Netherlands which included modern Netherlands, Belgium, Luxembourg, and a part of France. 
In the Dutch Golden Age, which had its zenith around 1667, there was a flowering of trade, industry, and the sciences. A rich worldwide Dutch empire developed and the Dutch East India Company became one of the earliest and most important of national mercantile companies based on war, entrepreneurship and trade. 
The prehistory of the area that is now the Netherlands was largely shaped by its constantly shifting, low-lying geography. 
The area that is now the Netherlands was inhabited by early humans at least 37,000 years ago, as attested by flint tools discovered in Woerden in 2010. In 2009 a fragment of a 40,000-year-old Neanderthal skull was found in sand dredged from the North Sea floor off the coast of Zeeland. 
Agriculture arrived in the Netherlands somewhere around 5000 BC with the Linear Pottery culture, who were probably central European farmers. Agriculture was practiced only on the loess plateau in the very south (southern Limburg), but even there it was not established permanently. Farms did not develop in the rest of the Netherlands. 
The Funnelbeaker culture was a farming culture extending from Denmark through northern Germany into the northern Netherlands. In this period of Dutch prehistory, the first notable remains were erected: the dolmens, large stone grave monuments. They are found in Drenthe, and were probably built between 4100 BC and 3200 BC. 
To the west, the Vlaardingen culture (around 2600 BC), an apparently more primitive culture of hunter-gatherers survived well into the Neolithic period. 
Around 2950 BCE there was a transition from the Funnelbeaker farming culture to the Corded Ware pastoralist culture, a large archeological horizon appearing in western and central Europe, that is associated with the advance of Indo-European languages. This transition was probably caused by developments[clarification needed] in eastern Germany, and it occurred within two generations. 
The Corded Ware and Bell Beaker cultures were not indigenous to the Netherlands but were pan-European in nature, extending across much of northern and central Europe. 
The first evidence of the use of the wheel dates from this period, about 2400 BC. This culture also experimented with working with copper. Evidence of this, including stone anvils, copper knives, and a copper spearhead, was found on the Veluwe. Copper finds show that there was trade with other areas in Europe, as natural copper is not found in Dutch soil. 
In Oss, a grave dating from around 500 BC was found in a burial mound 52 metres wide (and thus the largest of its kind in western Europe). Dubbed the "king's grave" (Vorstengraf (Oss)), it contained extraordinary objects, including an iron sword with an inlay of gold and coral. 
By the time this migration was complete, around 250 BC, a few general cultural and linguistic groupings had emerged. 
A second grouping, which scholars subsequently dubbed the "Weser-Rhine Germanic" (or "Rhine-Weser Germanic"), extended along the middle Rhine and Weser and inhabited the southern part of the Netherlands (south of the great rivers). This group, also sometimes referred to as the "Istvaeones", consisted of tribes that would eventually develop into the Salian Franks. 
In March 2005 17 Celtic coins were found in Echt (Limburg). The silver coins, mixed with copper and gold, date from around 50 BC to 20 AD. In October 2008 a hoard of 39 gold coins and 70 silver Celtic coins was found in the Amby area of Maastricht. The gold coins were attributed to the Eburones people. Celtic objects have also been found in the area of Zutphen. 
Some scholars (De Laet, Gysseling, Hachmann, Kossack & Kuhn) have speculated that a separate ethnic identity, neither Germanic nor Celtic, survived in the Netherlands until the Roman period. They see the Netherlands as having been part of an Iron Age "Nordwestblock" stretching from the Somme to the Weser. Their view is that this culture, which had its own language, was being absorbed by the Celts to the south and the Germanic peoples from the east as late as the immediate pre-Roman period. 
The Menapii stretched from the south of Zeeland, through North Brabant (and possibly South Holland), into the southeast of Gelderland. In later Roman times their territory seems to have been divided or reduced, so that it became mainly contained in what is now western Belgium. 
The Eburones, the largest of the Germani Cisrhenani group, covered a large area including at least part of modern Dutch Limburg, stretching east to the Rhine in Germany, and also northwest to the delta, giving them a border with the Menapii. Their territory may have stretched into Gelderland. 
The approximately 450 years of Roman rule that followed would profoundly change the area that would become the Netherlands. Very often this involved large-scale conflict with the free Germanic tribes over the Rhine. 
Other tribes who eventually inhabited the islands in the delta during Roman times are mentioned by Pliny the Elder are the Cananefates in South Holland; the Frisii, covering most of the modern Netherlands north of the Oude Rijn; the Frisiabones, who apparently stretched from the delta into the North of North Brabant; the Marsacii, who stretched from the Flemish coast, into the delta; and the Sturii. 
Caesar reported that he eliminated the name of the Eburones but in their place the Texuandri inhabited most of North Brabant, and the modern province of Limburg, with the Maas running through it, appears to have been inhabited in imperial times by (from north to south) the Baetasii, the Catualini, the Sunuci and the Tungri. (Tacitus reported that the Tungri was a new name for the earlier Germani cisrhenani.) 
Romans built military forts along the Limes Germanicus and a number of towns and smaller settlements in the Netherlands. The more notable Roman towns were at Nijmegen (Ulpia Noviomagus Batavorum) and at Voorburg (Forum Hadriani). 
Perhaps the most evocative Roman ruin is the mysterious Brittenburg, which emerged from the sand at the beach in Katwijk several centuries ago, only to be buried again. These ruins were part of Lugdunum Batavorum. 
The Batavians, Cananefates, and the other border tribes were held in high regard as soldiers throughout the empire, and traditionally served in the Roman cavalry. The frontier culture was influenced by the Romans, Germanic people, and Gauls. In the first centuries after Rome's conquest of Gaul, trade flourished. And Roman, Gaulish and Germanic material culture are found combined in the region. 
The Franks eventually were divided into two groups: the Ripuarian Franks (Latin: Ripuari), who were the Franks that lived along the middle-Rhine River during the Roman Era, and the Salian Franks, who were the Franks that originated in the area of the Netherlands. 
After Roman government in the area collapsed, the Franks expanded their territories until there were numerous small Frankish kingdoms, especially at Cologne, Tournai, Le Mans and Cambrai. The kings of Tournai eventually came to subdue the other Frankish kings. By the 490s, Clovis I had conquered and united all the Frankish territories to the west of the Meuse, including those in the southern Netherlands. He continued his conquests into Gaul. 
The Christianity that arrived in the Netherlands with the Romans appears not to have died out completely (in Maastricht, at least) after the withdrawal of the Romans in about 411. 
The Franks became Christians after their king Clovis I converted to Catholicism, an event which is traditionally set in 496. Christianity was introduced in the north after the conquest of Friesland by the Franks. The Saxons in the east were converted before the conquest of Saxony, and became Frankish allies. 
Hiberno-Scottish and Anglo-Saxon missionaries, particularly Willibrord, Wulfram and Boniface, played an important role in converting the Frankish and Frisian peoples to Christianity by the 8th century. Boniface was martyred by the Frisians in Dokkum (754). 
In the early 8th century the Frisians came increasingly into conflict with the Franks to the south, resulting in a series of wars in which the Frankish Empire eventually subjugated Frisia. In 734, at the Battle of the Boarn, the Frisians in the Netherlands were defeated by the Franks, who thereby conquered the area west of the Lauwers. The Franks then conquered the area east of the Lauwers in 785 when Charlemagne defeated Widukind. 
The Carolingian empire would eventually include France, Germany, northern Italy and much of Western Europe. In 843, the Frankish empire was divided into three parts, giving rise to West Francia in the west, East Francia in the east, and Middle Francia in the centre. Most of what is today the Netherlands became part of Middle Francia; Flanders became part of West Francia. This division was an important factor in the historical distinction between Flanders and the other Dutch-speaking areas. 
Buried Viking treasures consisting mainly of silver have been found in the Low Countries. Two such treasures have been found in Wieringen. A large treasure found in Wieringen in 1996 dates from around 850 and is thought perhaps to have been connected to Rorik. The burial of such a valuable treasure is seen as an indication that there was a permanent settlement in Wieringen. 
Viking raids of the Low Countries continued for over a century. Remains of Viking attacks dating from 880 to 890 have been found in Zutphen and Deventer. In 920, King Henry of Germany liberated Utrecht. According to a number of chronicles, the last attacks took place in the first decade of the 11th century and were directed at Tiel and/or Utrecht. 
These Viking raids occurred about the same time that French and German lords were fighting for supremacy over the middle empire that included the Netherlands, so their sway over this area was weak. Resistance to the Vikings, if any, came from local nobles, who gained in stature as a result. 
The language and culture of most of the people who lived in the area that is now Holland were originally Frisian. The sparsely populated area was known as "West Friesland" (Westfriesland). As Frankish settlement progressed, the Frisians migrated away or were absorbed and the area quickly became Dutch.  (The part of North Holland situated north of Alkmaar is still colloquially known as West Friesland). 
In 1083, the name "Holland" first appears in a deed referring to a region corresponding more or less to the current province of South Holland and the southern half of what is now North Holland. Holland's influence continued to grow over the next two centuries. The counts of Holland conquered most of Zeeland but it was not until 1289 that Count Floris V was able to subjugate the Frisians in West Friesland (that is, the northern half of North Holland). 
Around 1000 AD there were several agricultural developments (described sometimes as an agricultural revolution) that resulted in an increase in production, especially food production. The economy started to develop at a fast pace, and the higher productivity allowed workers to farm more land or to become tradesmen.[citation needed] 
Much of the western Netherlands was barely inhabited between the end of the Roman period until around 1100 AD, when farmers from Flanders and Utrecht began purchasing the swampy land, draining it and cultivating it. This process happened quickly and the uninhabited territory was settled in a few generations. They built independent farms that were not part of villages, something unique in Europe at the time.[citation needed] 
Guilds were established and markets developed as production exceeded local needs. Also, the introduction of currency made trading a much easier affair than it had been before. Existing towns grew and new towns sprang into existence around monasteries and castles, and a mercantile middle class began to develop in these urban areas. Commerce and town development increased as the population grew. 
The Crusades were popular in the Low Countries and drew many to fight in the Holy Land. At home, there was relative peace. Viking pillaging had stopped. Both the Crusades and the relative peace at home contributed to trade and the growth in commerce. 
The Hook and Cod Wars (Dutch: Hoekse en Kabeljauwse twisten) were a series of wars and battles in the County of Holland between 1350 and 1490. Most of these wars were fought over the title of count of Holland, but some have argued that the underlying reason was because of the power struggle of the traders in the cities against the ruling nobility. 
The Cod faction generally consisted of the more progressive cities of Holland.  The Hook faction consisted for a large part of the conservative noblemen. Some of the main figures in this multi-generational conflict were William IV, Margaret, William V, William VI, Count of Holland and Hainaut, John and Philip the Good, Duke of Burgundy. But perhaps the most well known is Jacqueline, Countess of Hainaut. 
The conquest of the county of Holland by the Duke Philip the Good of Burgundy was an odd affair. Leading noblemen in Holland invited the duke to conquer Holland, even though he had no historical claim to it. Some historians[who?] say that the ruling class in Holland wanted Holland to integrate with the Flemish economic system and adopt Flemish legal institutions. Europe had been wracked by many civil wars in the 14th and 15th centuries, while Flanders had grown rich and enjoyed peace. 
Most of what is now the Netherlands and Belgium was eventually united by the Duke of Burgundy in 1433. Before the Burgundian union, the Dutch identified themselves by the town they lived in, their local duchy or county or as subjects of the Holy Roman Empire. The Burgundian period is when the Dutch began the road to nationhood. 
From 1515 to 1523, Charles's government in the Netherlands had to contend with the rebellion of Frisian peasants (led by Pier Gerlofs Donia and Wijard Jelckama). Gelre attempted to build up its own state in northeast Netherlands and northwest Germany. Lacking funds in the 16th century, Gelre had its soldiers provide for themselves by pillaging enemy terrain. These soldiers were a great menace to the Burgundian Netherlands, as when they pillaged The Hague. 
In the first wave of the Reformation, Lutheranism won over the elites in Antwerp and the South.  The Spanish successfully suppressed it there, and Lutheranism only flourished in east Friesland. 
The second wave of the Reformation, came in the form of Anabaptism, that was popular among ordinary farmers in Holland and Friesland. Anabaptists were socially very radical and equalitarian; they believed that the apocalypse was very near. They refused to live the old way, and began new communities, creating considerable chaos. A prominent Dutch Anabaptist was Menno Simons, who initiated the Mennonite church. The movement was allowed in the north, but never grew to a large scale. 
A devout Catholic, Philip was appalled by the success of the Reformation in the Low Countries, which had led to an increasing number of Calvinists. His attempts to enforce religious persecution of the Protestants, and his centralization of government, law enforcement, and taxes, made him unpopular and led to a revolt. Fernando Alvarez de Toledo, Duke of Alba, was sent with a Spanish Army to punish the unruly Dutch in 1567. 
The invention of the sawmill enabled the construction of a massive fleet of ships for worldwide trading and for defence of the republic's economic interests by military means. National industries such as shipyards and sugar refineries expanded as well. 
Dutch ships hunted whales off Svalbard, traded spices in India and Indonesia (via the Dutch East India Company) and founded colonies in New Amsterdam (now New York), South Africa and the West Indies.  In addition some Portuguese colonies were conquered, namely in Northeastern Brazil, Angola, Indonesia and Ceylon. In 1640 by the Dutch East India Company began a trade monopoly with Japan through the trading post on Dejima. 
The Golden Age was also an important time for developments in literature. Some of the major figures of this period were Gerbrand Adriaenszoon Bredero, Jacob Cats, Pieter Corneliszoon Hooft and Joost van den Vondel. Since Latin was the lingua franca of education, relatively few men could speak, write, and read Dutch all at the same time. 
Music did not develop very much in the Netherlands since the Calvinists considered it an unnecessary extravagance, and organ music was forbidden in Reformed Church services, although it remained common at secular functions. 
Descendants of the original settlers played a prominent role in the History of the United States, as typified by the Roosevelt and Vanderbilt families. The Hudson Valley still boasts a Dutch heritage. The concepts of civil liberties and pluralism introduced in the province became mainstays of American political and social life. 
During the period of Proto-industrialization, the empire received 50% of textiles and 80% of silks import from the India's Mughal Empire, chiefly from its most developed region known as Bengal Subah. 
By the 17th century, the Dutch East India Company established their base in parts of Ceylon (modern-day Sri Lanka). Afterward, they established ports in Dutch occupied Malabar, leading to Dutch settlements and trading posts in India. However, their expansion into India was halted, after their defeat in the Battle of Colachel by the Kingdom of Travancore, during the Travancore-Dutch War. The Dutch never recovered from the defeat and no longer posed a large colonial threat to India. 
Eventually, the Dutch East India Company was weighted down by corruption, the VOC went bankrupt in 1800. Its possessions were taken over by the government and turned into the Dutch East Indies. 
The majority of burghers had Dutch ancestry and belonged to the Calvinist Reformed Church of the Netherlands, but there were also numerous Germans as well as some Scandinavians. In 1688 the Dutch and the Germans were joined by French Huguenots, also Calvinists, who were fleeing religious persecution in France under King Louis XIV. The Huguenots in South Africa were absorbed into the Dutch population but they played a prominent role in South Africa's history. 
From the beginning, the VOC used the cape as a place to supply ships travelling between the Netherlands and the Dutch East Indies. There was a close association between the cape and these Dutch possessions in the far east. Van Riebeeck and the VOC began to import large numbers of slaves, primarily from Madagascar and Indonesia. These slaves often married Dutch settlers, and their descendants became known as the Cape Coloureds and the Cape Malays. 
Dutch was the official language, but a dialect had formed that was quite distinct from Dutch. The Afrikaans language originated mainly from 17th-century Dutch dialects. 
This Dutch dialect sometimes referred to as the "kitchen language" (kombuistaal), would eventually in the late 19th century be recognised as a distinct language called Afrikaans and replace Dutch as the official language of the Afrikaners. 
Dutch interest in South Africa was mainly as a strategically located VOC port. Yet in the 17th and 18th centuries the Dutch created the foundation of the modern state of South Africa. The Dutch legacy in South Africa is evident everywhere, but particularly in the Afrikaner people and the Afrikaans language. 
After having gained its independence in 1648, the Netherlands tried in various coalitions to help to contain France, which had replaced Spain as the strongest nation of Europe. The end of the War of the Spanish Succession (1713) marked the end of the Dutch Republic as a major player. In the 18th century, it just tried to maintain its independence and stuck to a policy of neutrality. 
The era of explosive economic growth is roughly coterminous with the period of social and cultural bloom that has been called the Dutch Golden Age, and that actually formed the material basis for that cultural era.  Amsterdam became the hub of world trade, the center into which staples and luxuries flowed for sorting, processing, and distribution, and then reexported around Europe and the world. 
By the mid-1660s Amsterdam had reached the optimum population (about 200,000) for the level of trade, commerce and agriculture then available to support it. The city contributed the largest quota in taxes to the States of Holland which in turn contributed over half the quota to the States General. Amsterdam was also one of the most reliable in settling tax demands and therefore was able to use the threat to withhold such payments to good effect. 
In Amsterdam the network was so large that members of the same family could be related to opposing factions and pursue widely separated interests.  The young men who had risen to positions of authority in the 1670s and 1680s consolidated their hold on office well into the 1690s and even the new century. 
Amsterdam's regents provided good services to residents. They spent heavily on the water-ways and other essential infrastructure, as well as municipal almshouses for the elderly, hospitals and churches. 
In 1651, England imposed its first Navigation Act, which severely hurt Dutch trade interests. An incident at sea concerning the Act resulted in the First Anglo-Dutch War, which lasted from 1652 to 1654, ending in the Treaty of Westminster (1654), which left the Navigation Act in effect. 
After the Dutch fleet declined, merchant interests became dependent on the goodwill of Britain. The main focus of Dutch leaders was reducing the country's considerable budget deficits. Dutch trade and shipping remained at a fairly steady level through the 18th century, but no longer had a near monopoly and also could not match growing English and French competition. The Netherlands lost its position as the trading centre of Northern Europe to London. 
Although the Netherlands remained wealthy, investors for the nation's money became more difficult to find. Some investment went into purchases of land for estates, but most went to foreign bonds and Amsterdam remained one of Europe's banking capitals. 
Life for the average Dutchman became slower and more relaxed than in the 18th century. The upper and middle classes continued to enjoy prosperity and high living standards. The drive to succeed seemed less urgent. Unskilled laborers remained locked in poverty and hardship. The large underclass of unemployed beggars and riffraff required government and private charity to survive. 
In 1744 and 1745 the French attacked Dutch fortresses at Menen and Tournai. This prompted the Dutch Republic in 1745 to join the Quadruple Alliance, but this alliance was severely defeated at the Battle of Fontenoy in May 1745. In 1746 the French occupied most of the large cities in the Austrian Netherlands. Then, in April 1747, apparently as an exercise in armed diplomacy, a relatively small French military force occupied Zeelandic Flanders, part of the Dutch Republic. 
The war against the French was itself brought to a not-too-devastating end for the Dutch Republic with the Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle (1748). The French retreated of their own accord from the Dutch frontier. William IV died unexpectedly, at the age of 40, on 22 October 1751. 
An English historian summed him up uncharitably as "a Prince of the profoundest lethargy and most abysmal stupidity." And yet he would guide his family through the difficult French-Batavian period and his son would be crowned king. 
Although the Dutch Republic did not enter into a formal alliance with the United States and their allies, U.S. ambassador (and future President) John Adams managed to establish diplomatic relations with the Dutch Republic, making it the second European country to diplomatically recognize the Continental Congress in April 1782. In October 1782, a treaty of amity and commerce was concluded as well. 
Most of the war consisted of a series of largely successful British operations against Dutch colonial economic interests, although British and Dutch naval forces also met once off the Dutch coast.  The war ended disastrously for the Dutch and exposed the weakness of the political and economic foundations of the country. The Treaty of Paris (1784), according to Fernand Braudel, "sounded the knell of Dutch greatness." 
Influenced by the American Revolution, the Patriots sought a more democratic form of government. The opening shot of this revolution is often considered to be the 1781 publication of a manifesto called Aan het Volk van Nederland ("To the People of the Netherlands") by Joan van der Capellen tot den Pol, who would become an influential leader of the Patriot movement. Their aim was to reduce corruption and the power held by the stadtholder, William V, Prince of Orange. 
In 1785 the stadholder left The Hague and moved his court to Nijmegen in Guelders, a city remote from the heart of Dutch political life. In June 1787, his energetic wife Wilhelmina (the sister of Frederick William II of Prussia) tried to travel to The Hague. Outside Schoonhoven, she was stopped by Patriot militiamen and taken to a farm near Goejanverwellesluis. Within two days she was forced to return to Nijmegen, an insult not unnoticed in Prussia. 
The House of Orange reacted with severity, relying on Prussian troops led by Charles William Ferdinand, Duke of Brunswick and a small contingent of British troops to suppress the rebellion. Dutch banks at this time still held much of the world's capital. Government-sponsored banks owned up to 40% of Great Britain's national debt and there were close connections to the House of Stuart. The stadholder had supported British policies after the American Revolution. 
On 15 March 1815; with the encouragement of the powers gathered at the Congress of Vienna, William Frederick raised the Netherlands to the status of a kingdom and proclaimed himself King William I.  This was made official later in 1815, when the Low Countries were formally recognized as the United Kingdom of the Netherlands. The crown was made a hereditary office of the House of Orange-Nassau. 
The outbreak of revolution in France in 1830 was a signal for action, at first on behalf of autonomy for Belgium, as the southern provinces were now called, and later on behalf of total independence. William dithered and his half-hearted efforts to reconquer Belgium were thwarted both by the efforts of the Belgians themselves and by the diplomatic opposition of the great powers. 
This was a time of further growth and colonial development, but it was marked by the difficulties of World War I (in which the Netherlands was neutral) and the Great Depression. The Dutch population grew rapidly in the 20th century, as death rates fell, more lands were opened up, and industrialisation created urban jobs. Between 1900 and 1950 the population doubled from 5.1 to 10 million people. 
The military forces in the Dutch East Indies were controlled by the governor and were not part of the regular Dutch army. As the map shows, the Dutch slowly expanded their holdings from their base in Java to include all of modern Indonesia by 1920. Most islands were not a problem but there was a long, costly campaign against the Achin (Aceh) state in northern Sumatra. 
The Netherlands had not fought a major military campaign since the 1760s, and the strength of its armed forces had gradually dwindled. The Dutch decided not to ally themselves with anyone, and kept out of all European wars, especially the First World War that swirled about it. 
Although both houses of the Dutch Parliament were elected by the people, only men with high incomes were eligible to vote until 1917, when pressure from socialist movements resulted in elections in which all men regardless of income, were entitled to vote. In 1919, women also obtained the right to vote for the first time in history. 
The rise of Nazism in Germany did not go unnoticed in the Netherlands, and there was growing concern at the possibility of armed conflict, but most Dutch people expected that Germany would again respect Dutch neutrality. 
There were separate fascist and Nazi movements in the 1930s. Dutch Fascists admired Mussolini's Italy and called for a traditional corporate ideology. The membership was small, elitist and ineffective. The pro-Nazi movement, however, won support from Berlin and attempted to build a mass base by 1935. It failed because most Dutch rejected its racial ideology and calls for violence. 
Resentment of the Germans grew as the occupation became harsher, prompting many Dutch in the latter years of the war to join the resistance. But collaboration was not uncommon either; many thousands of young Dutch males volunteered for combat service on the Russian Front with the Waffen-SS and many companies worked for the German occupiers. 
About 140,000 Jews lived in the Netherlands at the beginning of the war. Persecution of Dutch Jews started shortly after the occupation. At the end of the war, 40,000 Jews were still alive. Of the 100,000 Jews who did not go into hiding, about 1,000 survived the war. 
One famous victim of the Holocaust was Anne Frank, who gained worldwide fame when her diary, written in the achterhuis ('backhouse') while hiding from the Nazis, was found and published posthumously by her father, Otto Frank; who was the only member of the family to survive the Holocaust. 
The First Canadian Army launched Operation Veritable in early-February, cracking the Siegfried Line and reaching the banks of the Rhine in early-March. In the final weeks of the war in Europe, the First Canadian Army was charged with clearing the Netherlands of German forces. 
The Liberation of Arnhem began on 12 April 1945 and proceeded to plan, as the three infantry brigades of the 49th Division leapfrogged each other through the city. Within four days Arnhem, now a ruined city, was totally under Allied control. 
After the euphoria and settling of scores had ended, the Dutch were a traumatised people with a ruined economy, a shattered infrastructure and several destroyed cities including Rotterdam, Nijmegen, Arnhem and part of The Hague. 
In the early post-war years, the Netherlands made continued attempts to expand its territory by annexing neighbouring German territory. The larger annexation plans were continuously rejected by the United States, but the London conference of 1949 permitted the Netherlands to perform a smaller scale annexation. Most of the annexed territory was returned to Germany on 1 August 1963 after Germany paid the Netherlands 280 million German marks. 
The post-war years were a time of hardship, shortages and natural disaster. This was followed by large-scale public works programmes, economic recovery, European integration and the gradual introduction of a welfare state. 
Post-war politics saw shifting coalition governments. The 1946 Parliamentary elections saw the Catholic People's Party (KVP) emerge as the largest party, just ahead of the socialist Labour party (PvdA). Louis J. M. Beel formed a new coalition cabinet. The United States began providing economic assistance as part of the Marshall Plan in 1948 that injected valuable funds into the economy, fostered modernisation of business, and encouraged economic cooperation. 
The 1948 elections led to a new coalition led by Labor's Willem Drees. He led four successive cabinets Drees I, Drees II, Drees III and Drees IV until 1958. His tenure in office saw four major political developments: the traumas of decolonisation, economic reconstruction, the establishment of the Dutch welfare state, and international integration and co-operation, including the formation of Benelux, the OEEC, NATO, the ECSC, and the EEC. 
Wages were kept low and the recovery of consumption to pre-war levels was delayed to permit rapid rebuilding of the infrastructure. In the years after the war, unemployment fell and the economy grew at an astonishing pace, despite the high birth rate. The shattered infrastructure and destroyed cities were rebuilt. A key contribution to the recovery in the post-war Netherlands came from the Marshall Plan, which provided the country with funds, goods, raw materials and produce. 
The last major flood in the Netherlands took place in early-February 1953, when a huge storm caused the collapse of several dikes in the southwest of the Netherlands. More than 1,800 people drowned in the ensuing inundation. 
The Dutch government subsequently decided on a large-scale programme of public works (the "Delta Works") to protect the country against future floods. The project took more than thirty years to complete. The Oosterscheldedam, an advanced sea storm barrier, became operational in 1986. The national Delta programme continues to manage these works for the government under an independent Commissioner, with the aim of making the Netherlands climate-proof and water-resilient by 2050.  
The Indos of Indonesian descent (now numbering around 680,000) is the largest ethnic minority group in the Netherlands. They are integrated into Dutch society, but they have also retained many aspects of their culture and have added a distinct Indonesian flavour to the Netherlands. 
Although it was originally feared that the loss of the Dutch East Indies would contribute to an economic decline, the Dutch economy experienced exceptional growth (partly because a disproportionate amount of Marshall Plan aid was received) in the 1950s and 1960s. In fact, the demand for labour was so strong that immigration was actively encouraged, first from Italy and Spain then later on, in larger numbers, from Turkey and Morocco. 
Suriname became independent on 25 November 1975. The Dutch government supported independence because it wanted to stem the flow of immigrants from Suriname and also to end its colonial status. However, about one-third of the entire population of Suriname, fearing political unrest and economic decline, relocated to the Netherlands, creating a Surinamese community in the Netherlands that is now roughly as large as the population of Suriname itself. 
After 1982, there was a retrenchment of the welfare system, especially regarding old-age pensions, unemployment benefits, and disability pensions/early retirement benefits. 
By 2000, the population had increased to 15,900,000 people, making the Netherlands one of the most densely-populated countries in the world. Urban development has led to the development of a conurbation called the Randstad (Dutch: Randstad), which includes the four largest cities (Amsterdam, Rotterdam, The Hague and Utrecht), and the surrounding areas. With a population of 7,100,000; it is one of the largest conurbations in Europe. 
On 26 December 2004 during the Christmas holiday and Boxing Day celebration, several Dutch people in Thailand and the other part across of South and Southeast Asia were among thousands of people killed by the magnitude 9.0 earthquake and tsunami off Indonesian island's west coast of Sumatra, which suffered from the significant loss of Dutch lives. A memorial service held at Basilica of St. Nicholas Cathedral in Amsterdam in January 2005 was held on behalf of the Queen of the Netherlands. 
This small nation has successfully developed into one of the most open, dynamic and prosperous countries in the world. It had the tenth-highest per capita income in the world in 2011. It has an open, market-based mixed economy, ranking thirteenth out of 157 countries according to the Index of Economic Freedom. In May 2011, the OECD ranked the Netherlands as the "happiest" country in the world. 
On Koningsdag (King's Day), 30 April 2013, Prince Willem Alexander appointed as the King, having ascended the throne following his mother's abdication, Queen Beatrix. At the time of her abdication at age 75, Beatrix was the oldest reigning monarch in the country's history. 
On 17 July 2014, 193 Dutch people are among 300 people on aboard killed in the Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 plane shot down by the air-surface missile in Eastern Ukraine near Russian border. A referendum on the approval of the Association Agreement between the European Union and Ukraine was held in The Hague on 6 April 2016. 
VVD Prime Minister Mark Rutte won the 2017 general election and formed a third government and was in first few months challenged after the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy voted since 2006. 
In March 2021, centre-right VVD of Prime Minister Mark Rutte was the winner of the elections, securing 35 out of 150 seats. The second biggest party was the centre-left D66 with 24 seats. Geert Wilders' far-right party lost its support. Prime Minister Mark Rutte, in power since 2010, formed his fourth coalition government. 
Teen Beach Movie is a Disney Channel Original Movie that premiered on July 19, 2013, on Disney Channel, starring Ross Lynch and Maia Mitchell. Directed by Jeffrey Hornaday, Teen Beach Movie was filmed in Puerto Rico. It was the only Disney Channel Original Movie to premiere in 2013. 
Lela and Tanner express their love for Brady and Mack, who subtly suggest to them that there may be someone else they are really meant to be with. That night Mack joins Lela and the other biker girls for a sleepover, while Brady hangs out with Tanner and the surfer boys at Big Momma's. While talking about love, their modern relationship views conflict with the 1960s views. Mack and Brady do not make any progress with Lela and Tanner. The next night, Lela tells Mack that she would like to surf. 
Mack and Brady realize that they are morphing into the film when Mack falls into water and her hair does not get wet. They then begin singing and are unable to stop. After the song Mack and Brady are captured by Les Camembert and Dr. Fusion and taken to the villains' lighthouse lair. 
Lela and Tanner fall in love with each other and soon realize that their friends have been kidnapped. They convince the bikers and surfers to team up and save Mack and Brady. Meanwhile, Mack admits that she is glad that she ended up in the film and does not have to attend private school. When Mack says she thinks Lela is braver than her, Brady denies that, saying that Mack is the bravest girl he knows. 
The surfers and bikers free Mack and Brady, and destroy the villains' machine. The film's plot returns to normal, and Mack and Brady realize they are able to return home. After saying goodbye to everyone, Mack and Brady get on the surfboard and ride a wave, which sends them back to the real world, where no time has passed since they left. The 40-foot wave is still approaching. 
Mack finally surfs the giant wave successfully. Mack's aunt is upset about her delaying their flight but accepts her decision to spend the rest of the year with Brady. Mack and Brady celebrate by singing a song on the beach. 
In a post-credits scene, Lela, Tanner, Butchy, Seacat, Cheechee and Giggles wash up into the real world. A modern-day surfer thinks they are lost and allows them to use his cell phone, which they marvel at as they attempt to use it. 
Teen Beach Movie was the only Disney Channel Original Movie that was released in 2013.[citation needed] 
Before the opening credits, the premiere of the film contained a memorial to beach party film star Annette Funicello (who died on April 8, 2013), which read, "In memory of Disney Legend Annette Funicello, the world's most beloved beach movie star."[citation needed] 
The premiere in the United Kingdom had 597,000 viewers. The United States premiere just hours later received 8.4 million viewers during its first airing and 13.5 million viewers in L+7, becoming the second-highest rated Disney Channel Original Movie. The Dance Along version on July 27, 2013, garnered 3.7 million viewers. In Canada, the movie delivered 818,000 viewers. The Australian premiere had 113,000 viewers. 
The film originally premiered on July 19, 2013, in the United States, Canada, the UK, and Ireland on Disney Channel. It premiered on August 4, 2013, in Southeast Asia and on August 9, 2013, in Australia and New Zealand, both on Disney Channel. 
The film was released on DVD on July 30, 2013, in North America, on August 19, 2013, in the UK and Ireland, and on August 21, 2013, in Australia and New Zealand.[citation needed] 
Teen Beach Movie was released on July 15, 2013, by Walt Disney Records. The album was the fourth best-selling soundtrack of 2013 in the United States with 407,000 copies sold for the year. The album peaked at number three on the Billboard 200 chart. As of July 2015, it has sold 462,000 copies in the United States. 
Giovanna Galletti (27 June 1916 - 21 April 1992) was an Italian actress. She appeared in more than forty films from 1938 to 1986. 
Galletti began her career on stage at a young age, in the early 1930s, and later attended the Centro Sperimentale di Cinematografia in Rome. In the late 1930s, she started appearing in films, mostly in supporting roles, and in 1945, she appeared in Roberto Rossellini's Rome, Open City portraying the treacherous Ingrid, which is her best known role. 
After the war, she focused her activities on theatre, notably working intensively at the Piccolo Teatro of Milan under the direction of Giorgio Strehler and in the stage companies led by Luigi Cimara, Annibale Ninchi, Laura Adani, and Renzo Ricci. Her later film roles mainly consisted of villains and wicked women. She was also active on radio and television. 
Vladimir Eminger (born 3 April 1992) is a Czech professional ice hockey defenceman. He is currently playing with HC Sparta Praha of the Czech Extraliga. 
This biographical article relating to a Czech ice hockey defenceman is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Hannah Little (born 21 July 2001) is an Irish cricketer who plays for Scorchers and Ireland. In August 2019, she was named in the Irish Women's Twenty20 International (WT20I) squad for the 2019 Netherlands Women's Quadrangular Series. She made her WT20I debut for Ireland, against the Netherlands, on 8 August 2019. In July 2020, she was awarded a non-retainer contract by Cricket Ireland for the following year. 
This biographical article related to Irish cricket is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Bart Deurloo (born February 23, 1991) is a Dutch male artistic gymnast and a member of the national team. He participated in four editions of the World Championships (2009, 2013, 2015), and 2017 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships, where he won the bronze on high bar in Montreal. and qualified for the 2016 Summer Olympics. 
This biographical article related to Dutch artistic gymnastics is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
There are controversies over whether or not self-enhancement is beneficial to the individual, and over whether self-enhancement is culturally universal or specific to Western individualism. 
Self-enhancement can occur in many different situations and under many different guises. The general motive of self-enhancement can have many differing underlying explanations, each of which becomes more or less dominant depending on the situation. 
The explanations of the self-enhancement motive can occur in different combinations. Self-enhancement can occur as an underlying motive or personality trait without occurring as an observed effect. 
Self-enhancement can occur in private or in public. Public self-enhancement is obvious positive self-presentation, whereas private self enhancement is unnoticeable except to the individual. The presence of other people i.e. in public self-enhancement, can either augment or inhibit self-enhancement. Whilst self-enhancement may not always take place in public it is nevertheless still influenced by the social world, for example via social comparisons. 
Potential areas of self-enhancement differ in terms how important, or central, they are to a person. Self-enhancement tends to occur more in the domains that are the most important to a person, and less in more peripheral, less important domains. 
Self-enhancement can occur either candidly or tactically. Candid self-enhancement serves the purpose of immediate gratification whereas tactical self-enhancement can result in potentially larger benefits from delayed gratification. 
Tactical self-enhancement is often preferred over candid self-enhancement as overt self-enhancement is socially displeasing for those around it. Narcissism is an exemplification of extreme candid self-enhancement. 
Self-enhancement does not just occur at random. Its incidence is often highly systematic and can occur in any number of ways in order to achieve its goal of inflating perceptions of the self. Importantly, we are typically unaware that we are self-enhancing. Awareness of self-enhancing processes would highlight the facade we are trying to create, revealing that the self we perceive is in fact an enhanced version of our actual self. 
Explanations for moral transgressions follow similar self-serving patterns, as do explanations for group behaviour. The ultimate attribution error is the tendency to regard negative acts by one's out-group and positive acts by one's in-group as essential to their nature i.e. attributable to their internal disposition and not a product of external factors. This may reflect the operation of the self-serving bias refracted through social identification. 
People sometimes self-enhance by selectively remembering their strengths rather than weaknesses. This pattern of selective forgetting has been described as mnemic neglect. Mnemic neglect may reflect biases in the processing of information at either encoding, retrieval or retention. 
Concordant with selective acceptance and refutation is the observation that people hold a more critical attitude towards blame placed upon them, but a more lenient attitude to praise that they receive. People will strongly contest uncongenial information but readily accept at without question congenial information 
Self-esteem moderates the beneficial, evaluative consequences of comparisons to both inferior and superior others. People with higher self-esteem are more optimistic about both evading the failures and misfortunes of their inferiors and about securing the successes and good fortunes of their superiors. 
An upwards social comparison involves comparing oneself to an individual perceived to be superior to or better than oneself. Upwards social comparison towards someone felt to be similar to oneself can induce self-enhancement through assimilation of the self and other's characteristics, however this only occurs when: 
Where assimilation does not occur as a result of a social comparison, contrast can instead occur which can lead to upwards social comparisons providing inspiration. 
Even though upwards social comparisons are the most common social comparisons, people do sometimes make downwards social comparisons. Downwards social comparisons involve comparing oneself to an individual perceived to be inferior to or less skilled than the self. Downwards social comparisons serve as a form of ego-defence whereby the ego is inflated due to the sense of superiority gained from such downwards social comparisons. 
Lateral social comparisons, comparisons against those perceived as equal to the self, can also be self-enhancing. Comparisons with members of one's in-group can lead be protective against low self-esteem, especially when the in-group are disadvantaged. 
Self-enhancement waxes and wanes as a function of one's ability level in the context of interpersonal relationships, and this, in turn influences interpersonal attitudes and behaviours. Three factors influence the self-evaluations people make: 
The concepts that people use to understand themselves and their social world are relatively vague. Consequently, when making social comparisons or estimations people can easily and subtly shift their construal of the meaning of those concepts in order to self-enhance. Strategic construals typically increase following negative feedback. Numerous examples of strategic construals exist, a small selection include: 
Strategic construals also influence the degree to which categories are believed to characterise other people. There is a general tendency to assume that others share one's own characteristics. Nevertheless, people reliably overestimate the prevalence of their shortcomings e.g. show enhanced false consensus effect, and underestimate the prevalence of their strengths e.g. show a contrary false uniqueness effect. People perceive their flaws as relatively commonplace but their skills as unique. 
Behavioural self-handicapping is the act of erecting obstacles in the path of task success in order to reduce the evaluative implications that can be drawn from task performance. This permits self-enhancement to occur in two ways: 
Ultimately, those who readily prepare themselves for the possibility of poor task performance beforehand use the strategy of discounting less. 
The effect of self-enhancement strategies is shown in the tendency of people to see themselves as having more positive qualities and a more positive future outlook than others. 
People show self-enhancement in the form of the above-average effect in many different ways. It is typical for people to profess to be above-average at a task yielding positive or desirable outcomes, and below average at a task yielding negative or undesirable outcomes. 
Some of the wide variety of documented examples of the above-average effect include observations that: 
People typically believe that their life will hold a greater number of positive experiences and fewer negative experiences than the lives of similar others. They have the same unrealistic optimism, but to a lesser degree, for others who are closely linked, such as romantic partners and close personal friends. 
2bex: CRYSTAL STRUCTURE OF PLACENTAL RIBONUCLEASE INHIBITOR IN COMPLEX WITH HUMAN EOSINOPHIL DERIVED NEUROTOXIN AT 2A RESOLUTION 
1cxz: CRYSTAL STRUCTURE OF HUMAN RHOA COMPLEXED WITH THE EFFECTOR DOMAIN OF THE PROTEIN KINASE PKN/PRK1 
WHO THROUGH DEVOTION TO DUTY RECEIVED FATAL BURNS AT WINSFORD WHILST WORKING THE 2/5 PM EXPRESS CREWE TO CARLISLE ENGINE No 70051 DATE 5th JUNE 1965 FROM HIS FELLOW WORKMATES CREWE MOTIVE POWER DEPT. 
2PMS, 1B0L, 1BKA, 1CB6, 1DSN, 1EH3, 1FCK, 1H43, 1H44, 1H45, 1HSE, 1L5T, 1LCF, 1LCT, 1LFG, 1LFH, 1LFI, 1LGB, 1N76, 1SQY, 1U62, 1VFD, 1VFE, 1XV4, 1XV7, 1Z6V, 1Z6W, 2BJJ, 2DP4, 2GMC, 2GMD, 2HD4
1lcf: CRYSTAL STRUCTURE OF COPPER-AND OXALATE-SUBSTITUTED HUMAN LACTOFERRIN AT 2.0 ANGSTROMS RESOLUTION 
1lfg: MOLECULAR REPLACEMENT SOLUTION OF THE STRUCTURE OF APOLACTOFERRIN, A PROTEIN DISPLAYING LARGE-SCALE CONFORMATIONAL CHANGE 
1lfh: MOLECULAR REPLACEMENT SOLUTION OF THE STRUCTURE OF APOLACTOFERRIN, A PROTEIN DISPLAYING LARGE-SCALE CONFORMATIONAL CHANGE 
1lfi: METAL SUBSTITUTION IN TRANSFERRINS: THE CRYSTAL STRUCTURE OF HUMAN COPPER-LACTOFERRIN AT 2.1 ANGSTROMS RESOLUTION 
1lgb: INTERACTION OF A LEGUME LECTIN WITH THE N2 FRAGMENT OF HUMAN LACTOTRANSFERRIN OR WITH THE ISOLATED BIANTENNARY GLYCOPEPTIDE: ROLE OF THE FUCOSE MOIETY 
This biographical article related to French artistic gymnastics is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
InsideAR was the largest Augmented Reality event in Europe. It was organized and supported by metaio GmbH every year. The first event was held in 2010, had since expanded globally and was run at multiple locations around the world.  However, after Apple purchased metaio in May 2015, metaio cancelled the InsideAR conference 2015 without any statements about the conference's future. 
The Fearing Mind is an American horror television series that aired on the Fox Family Channel from October 21 until December 2, 2000. 
Bill Fearing, a famous writer of suspense thrillers, gets his ideas from things that happen in his family. When he gets an idea, the viewers enter his mind and see the gruesome events unfold. 
It had a bronze barrel and lacked a modern recoil system, using only an ineffective spring-mounted spade brake, and was virtually obsolescent on its introduction. Nonetheless, it was the standard field howitzer for the Austrian Army at the outbreak of the war. 
Lithuanian Paralympic Committee (Lithuanian: Lietuvos parolimpinis komitetas) was founded on 1990 and recognized by the International Paralympic Committee after one year. 
A GUI may be designed for the requirements of a vertical market as application-specific graphical user interfaces. Examples include automated teller machines (ATM), point of sale (POS) touchscreens at restaurants, self-service checkouts used in a retail store, airline self-ticket and check-in, information kiosks in a public space, like a train station or a museum, and monitors or control screens in an embedded industrial application which employ a real-time operating system (RTOS). 
Cell phones and handheld game systems also employ application specific touchscreen GUIs. Newer automobiles use GUIs in their navigation systems and multimedia centers, or navigation multimedia center combinations. 
A GUI uses a combination of technologies and devices to provide a platform that users can interact with, for the tasks of gathering and producing information. 
A series of elements conforming a visual language have evolved to represent information stored in computers. This makes it easier for people with few computer skills to work with and use computer software. The most common combination of such elements in GUIs is the windows, icons, menus, pointer (WIMP) paradigm, especially in personal computers. 
In personal computers, all these elements are modeled through a desktop metaphor to produce a simulation called a desktop environment in which the display represents a desktop, on which documents and folders of documents can be placed. Window managers and other software combine to simulate the desktop environment with varying degrees of realism. 
Entries may appear in a list to make space for text and details, or in a grid for compactness and larger icons with little space underneath for text. Variations inbetween exist, such as a list with multiple columns of items and a grid of items with rows of text extending sideways from the icon. 
Multi-row and multi-column layouts commonly found on the web are "shelf" and "waterfall". The former is found on image search engines, where images appear with a fixed height but variable length, and is typically implemented with the CSS property and parameter display: inline-block;. A waterfall layout found on Imgur and Tweetdeck with fixed width but variable height per item is usually implemented by specifying column-width:. 
Smaller app mobile devices such as personal digital assistants (PDAs) and smartphones typically use the WIMP elements with different unifying metaphors, due to constraints in space and available input devices. Applications for which WIMP is not well suited may use newer interaction techniques, collectively termed post-WIMP user interfaces. 
As of 2011, some touchscreen-based operating systems such as Apple's iOS (iPhone) and Android use the class of GUIs named post-WIMP. These support styles of interaction using more than one finger in contact with a display, which allows actions such as pinching and rotating, which are unsupported by one pointer and mouse. 
Human interface devices, for the efficient interaction with a GUI include a computer keyboard, especially used together with keyboard shortcuts, pointing devices for the cursor (or rather pointer) control: mouse, pointing stick, touchpad, trackball, joystick, virtual keyboards, and head-up displays (translucent information devices at the eye level). 
There are also actions performed by programs that affect the GUI. For example, there are components like inotify or D-Bus to facilitate communication between computer programs. 
GUIs were a hot topic in the early 1980s. The Apple Lisa was released in 1983, and various windowing systems existed for DOS operating systems (including PC GEM and PC/GEOS). Individual applications for many platforms presented their own GUI variants. Despite the GUIs advantages, many reviewers questioned the value of the entire concept, citing hardware limits, and problems in finding compatible software. 
In 1984, Apple released a television commercial which introduced the Apple Macintosh during the telecast of Super Bowl XVIII by CBS, with allusions to George Orwell's noted novel Nineteen Eighty-Four. The goal of the commercial was to make people think about computers, identifying the user-friendly interface as a personal computer which departed from prior business-oriented systems, and becoming a signature representation of Apple products. 
Windows 95, accompanied by an extensive marketing campaign, was a major success in the marketplace at launch and shortly became the most popular desktop operating system. 
In 2007, with the iPhone and later in 2010 with the introduction of the iPad,  Apple popularized the post-WIMP style of interaction for multi-touch screens, and those devices were considered to be milestones in the development of mobile devices. 
The GUIs familiar to most people as of the mid-late 2010s are Microsoft Windows, macOS, and the X Window System interfaces for desktop and laptop computers, and Android, Apple's iOS, Symbian, BlackBerry OS, Windows Phone/Windows 10 Mobile, Tizen, WebOS, and Firefox OS for handheld (smartphone) devices.[citation needed] 
GUIs can be made quite hard when dialogs are buried deep in a system or moved about to different places during redesigns. Also, icons and dialog boxes are usually harder for users to script. 
WIMPs extensively use modes, as the meaning of all keys and clicks on specific positions on the screen are redefined all the time. Command-line interfaces use modes only in limited forms, such as for current directory and environment variables. 
Most modern operating systems provide both a GUI and some level of a CLI, although the GUIs usually receive more attention. The GUI is usually WIMP-based, although occasionally other metaphors surface, such as those used in Microsoft Bob, 3dwm, or File System Visualizer. 
Several attempts have been made to create a multi-user three-dimensional environment or 3D GUI, including Sun's Project Looking Glass, Metisse, which was similar to Project Looking Glass, BumpTop, where users can manipulate documents and windows with realistic movement and physics as if they were physical documents, and the Croquet Project, which moved to the Open Cobalt and Open Croquet efforts. 
The zooming user interface (ZUI) is a related technology that promises to deliver the representation benefits of 3D environments without their usability drawbacks of orientation problems and hidden objects. It is a logical advance on the GUI, blending some three-dimensional movement with two-dimensional or 2.5D vector objects. In 2006, Hillcrest Labs introduced the first zooming user interface for television. 
Some environments use the methods of 3D graphics to project virtual three-dimensional user interface objects onto the screen. These are often shown in use in science fiction films (see below for examples). As the processing power of computer graphics hardware increases, this becomes less of an obstacle to a smooth user experience. 
Three-dimensional graphics are currently mostly used in computer games, art, and computer-aided design (CAD). A three-dimensional computing environment can also be useful in other uses, like molecular graphics, aircraft design and Phase Equilibrium Calculations/Design of unit operations and chemical processes. 
Interfaces for the X Window System have also implemented advanced three-dimensional user interfaces through compositing window managers such as Beryl, Compiz and KWin using the AIGLX or XGL architectures, allowing the use of OpenGL to animate user interactions with the desktop. 
Giuliani received her first call-up for the senior team as Italy faced Austria in a friendly held on 7 April 2013. She was left out of the squad which took part in the UEFA Women's Euro 2013. She made her debut on 5 April 2014 against Spain in a 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup qualification match. 
Fishing industry in North Korea provides an important supplement to the diet and for export. The catch in 2001 totaled 200,000 tons of wild-caught seafood and 63,700 tons produced using aquaculture. The major fishing grounds are in the coastal areas of the Sea of Japan to the east and the Yellow Sea to the west. The main fishery ports are Sinpo, Kimchaek, and the nearby deep-sea fishery bases of Yanghwa and Hongwfin. The principal catch from the Sea of Japan is pollock. 
North Korea's coastline of about 2,495 kilometers, mixture of warm and cold ocean currents, and many rivers, lakes, and streams make its potential for fishery development better than for most other countries. 
The major fishing grounds are in the coastal areas of the Sea of Japan to the east and the Yellow Sea to the west. The principal catch from the Sea of Japan is pollock. Sardine and squid catches are also significant. From the west coast, yellow corvina and hairtail are the most common varieties of fish. Deep-sea catches include herring, mackerel, pike, and yellowtail. Shellfish and mollusks are caught too. 
A major expansion of technical schools was undertaken since the 1950s, with specialized courses including fishing. Not until the early 1960s, however, did the domestic fishing industry begin to expand rapidly, receiving increased investment in vessels, equipment, and port facilities. Deep-sea fishing began in earnest in the 1970s. 
Total marine products increased from 465,000 tons in 1960 to 1.14 million tons in 1970, registering an annual growth rate of 9.4 percent compared with the planned rate of 14.5 percent. The Six-Year Plan target of 1 .6 million tons was met in 1976. 
The catch in 2001 totaled 200,000 tons of wild-caught freshwater and saltwater fish, shellfish, and mollusks and about 63,700 tons produced using aquaculture. The exact numbers of present catches are unknown. Unlike most countries, North Korea does not report its annual catch to the Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO), of which it is a member. 
The exact numbers of the fishing fleet, thought to be in poor condition, are not known. In 1998, North Korea had eight large fishing vessels (3,750 displacement tonnage,  2,759 gross tons, 83 m length, 2,250 horsepower) and 1,545 small vessels (485 displacement tonnage,  267 gross tons, 39 m length, 400 horsepower). Numbers of smaller vessels were not reported. 
Fish is an important export commodity to North Korea. Fish and seafood are particularly exported to China. The United Nations Security Council sanctions from 2017 banned North Korean exports of seafood. Prior to the ban, North Korean exports of seafood were estimated at US$300 million annually. 
According to a 1988 agreement with the United Nations Development Programme, North Korea was to receive assistance in construction of a fish farm. 
The first joint venture North Korea established with China, in 1989, was a marine fishery products firm located in Chongjin that had an initial capitalization of US$1 million. 
North Korea conducts fishing in its own EEZ, the extent of which is unknown because North Korea has not passed a law on it, mainly for the industrial sector. Some fishing for the artisanal sector takes place, too. Subsistence fishing has declined considerably over the years. 
A 2000 agreement between non-governmental fishing organizations of North and South Korea allowed South Koreans to fish inside the North Korean EEZ in the Sea of Japan until 2005. About 400 South Korean fishing vessels conducted fishing in the area. 
North Korea sells fishing quotas to its EEZ to foreigners through agents China. North Korean fishermen who are deprived of quotas to the EEZ then resort to poaching in the waters of China and Russia. 
Fish is important to the diet of North Koreans. Pollock is considered a favorite fish of most Koreans. Food stores in self-sufficient urban neighborhoods typically sell fish. The only exception to controlled markets is the peasant market, where surplus fish is sold at free-market prices based on supply and demand. 
In the public distribution system of North Korea, ocean fishermen and others doing heavy work are allotted more grain than government and party officials engaged in less strenuous physical activities. 
The Coastal Security Bureau is responsible for policing and protecting the nation's fishing areas. At the county level, the county Cooperative Farm Management Committees include fishery agents if there are fisheries in the county. 
A struggle over the control of fisheries between the military and Jang Song-thaek was the final straw leading to the latter's downfall and purge in 2013. 
On 4 September 1947, he was assigned to capture the escaped murderer, Emile Buisson. Borniche kept critical investigative files in his office, forcing the other investigators to bargain with him for their contents; other investigators did the same. He also competed with the other agencies for informants, who tried to play the investigators against each other for more rewards. He was sometimes shadowed by other investigators and would have to lose his "tail" to meet with an informant. 
He retired in 1956 and formed his own detective agency in Paris. His first set of memoirs, Flic Story, became the basis of a 1975 film featuring Alain Delon as Borniche, portraying Borniche's real-life pursuit of Emile Buisson. 
Sabir was raised in Rawalakot, Azad Kashmir, Pakistan, where he obtained an economics degree. He moved to Calgary in 2004, and obtained degrees in social work and law at the University of Calgary. In 2012, he began working at Maurice Law Barristers and Solicitors, where he specialized in Aboriginal law. In the past, he has also worked for a Calgary homeless shelter and volunteered for Calgary Legal Guidance and Red Cross Canada. 
Cymindis unicolor is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by William Kirby in 1837. 
Two ships of the United States Navy have been named Bobolink, after the American bird, the bobolink. 
Under the Portuguese Presidency of the Council of the European Union in the first half of 2021, the EuroNanoForum 2021 conference will address Nanotechnology and Advanced Materials as the key elements to guarantee the functioning, long term durability, safety, and environmental compatibility of several devices, machinery, and services. 
The European Green Deal will also play a major role in this online event since the advanced materials will be fundamental for the transition to new and greener technologies and disruptive innovation that will spread successful new solutions across Europe and the world. 
The EuroNanoForum 2021  will bring together experts across different sectors to identify policy options and priorities, to share insight on technical, industrial, and social challenges, to define the role of nano-enabled industries as well as their views and ideas about the part that science will take in the greener future. 
This event is a collective effort of several actors encompassing researchers, innovators, industries, regions, public authorities, investors, and civil society, in the co-creation of innovative solutions and is organized by INL - International Iberian Nanotechnology Laboratory in collaboration with FCT - Portuguese Foundation for Science and Technology, ANI - National Association for Innovation, and NIA - Nanotechnology Industries Association. 
The following coaching team was announced by the Argentine Rugby Union for the 2020 Super Rugby season: 
Note: Flags indicate national union as has been defined under WR eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-WR nationality. 
Mecyclothorax monteithi is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Psydrinae. It was described by Barry P. Moore in 1985. 
Iain Smith (born 1 May 1960) is a Scottish Liberal Democrat politician. He was the Member of the Scottish Parliament (MSP) for the North East Fife constituency from 1999 until his defeat at 2011 election by the SNP's Rod Campbell. 
Smith was educated at Bell Baxter High School in Cupar, Fife before reading Politics and Economics at Newcastle University. 
Smith was elected to the first Scottish Parliament in May 1999 to represent his home constituency of North East Fife and was appointed as Deputy Minister for Parliamentary Business in the government of First Minister Donald Dewar. A post he held until Dewar's death the following year. 
After the election Smith was appointed Scottish Liberal Democrat Spokesperson for Europe, External Affairs and Culture and was elected by his colleagues to Chair of the Scottish Liberal Democrat Parliamentary Party. In September 2008 he became Convener of the Scottish Parliament's influential Economy, Energy and Tourism Committee. 
For the past eight years, Smith has lived with his partner in Ladybank. He has a broad interest in sports; particularly cricket and football. He likes to travel widely and has a keen interest in culture. 
The development is an age-restricted adult community and is located off of Route 37 just west of the Garden State Parkway. 
Holiday City consists of five separate communities, each with its own homeowners association and amenities: 
The adult communities of Silver Ridge Park consist of four separate areas, each with its own homeowners association and amenities. These are: 
Sweeny majored in textiles at the National College of Art & Design in Dublin. Upon graduation he worked as an art teacher. 
Sweeny has shown internationally including in Dublin Castle, Ireland; The State Museum of Architecture, Moscow, Russia; and The Natural History Museum, London. Academy Award nominee Brenda Blethyn, President Mary McAleese of Ireland, Harry Potter actress Evanna Lynch, and French model Satya Oblette are some of his well-known clients. 
In show production he has produced and directed shows in The Irish Museum of Modern Art,  The Royal Dublin Society and Trinity College Dublin. In 2011 he art directed the British singer Lisa Stansfield at Studio Harcourt, Paris. 
The National Trust for Scotland has owned the island since 2000. With only two sheep left on the island in July 2007 and few, if any, other permanent mammalian residents, Pabbay is consequently home in summer to many ground-nesting birds due to the absence of predators. 
The island was the site of a Celtic hermitage, and a Pictish carved stone dates from that period. Remains of an Iron Age settlement can also been seen on Pabbay. 
The name of Pabbay is used for one of the three houses of Castlebay Secondary School. The other two are Mingulay and Sandray. 
Rosinish  (or Rubha Phabach) is a small peninsular headland situated on the East coast of the island. It lies in a South-Easterly direction and is only attached to the mainland of the island by a small natural arch. 
Composed of Lewisian gneiss, Pabbay is "one of the finest climbing venues in the UK". This includes the climbing route The Great Arch, which is graded E8 6c. 
The Guardian is a public artwork by artist Ante Buljan, located at the front of the Redwood City Police Station, in Redwood City, California, United States. 
The artist, Ante Buljan, was born in Croatia and moved to California at the age of nine. He is a graduate of UCLA (psychology), and also studied at John F. Kennedy University in Orinda, California. For several years, he maintained a working studio in the 1870 Art Center in Belmont, California. 
The Workers' International League (WIL) was a Trotskyist group that existed in Britain from 1937 to 1944. 
The WIL was formed in 1937 by members of the Militant Group, who had split due to false allegations from the leadership of that group that Ralph Lee (born Raphael Levy), then a newly arrived South African member, had misled a strike and used the strike funds to move to England. 
The Fourth International was formed in 1938, and the WIL refused to merge into the newly formed official British affiliate, the Revolutionary Socialist League itself a regroupment of the Militant Group and others. They requested either affiliate or sympathiser status to the International but were rejected. 
Unlike the Revolutionary Socialist League, the WIL readily adopted the Proletarian Military Policy developed by Trotsky in his last writings and expanded upon and advocated by James P Cannon and the Socialist Workers Party. They campaigned for the creation of workers' militias instead of the Home Guard, deep air raid shelters for workers, and after 1941 against the pro-war, anti-strike position of the CPGB. 
Due to its adoption of the Proletarian Military Policy, the WIL argued that its members should go through the experience of the war with other members of their class by joining the army when called-up. But if this was applied to the whole membership it meant they could be dispersed and provide no real leadership and therefore the organisation took measures to preserve the leading cadres outside the forces. 
With the outbreak of World War II, the WIL expected to be banned and so temporarily moved a few members (Tommy Reilly, Jock Haston, Gerry Healy, John Williams and George Noseda) to Dublin. It soon became obvious that the group would not be persecuted, and they were allocated paper for their publications. 
By 1944, the Fourth International had realised that the WIL were far more effective and closer to the FI's policies than the RSL which had disintegrated into a set of warring factions, and so coordinated a unity conference.  This produced the Revolutionary Communist Party, which adopted all the WIL's positions. 
He is a public speaker and a vocal proponent of learning from professional mentors. A non-fiction book on the subject is due out in 2012. It is rumored that it will be published by Hay House. 
Kraft attended The University of Santa Monica (USM) in Santa Monica, Ca. to study Transpersonal Psychology and is a career counselor and mentor to adults. 
In 2000, Kraft worked as a camera production assistant on the film Sally, starring Rachael Leigh Cook and Michael Weston. 
In November 2010, Kraft appeared in a segment on ABC News 20/20 Show that investigated the malicious grading practices of the Better Business Bureau. 
Kraft appeared on the national radio show, The Alex Jones Radio Program for Genesis Communications twice. 
In November 2011, Kraft appeared in Dr. Drew's Lifechangers wherein he granted a full scholarship to a troubled young documentary filmmaker from Detroit, Michigan. 
Until the end of the 2007/08 season IV liga lay at fourth tier of league system but this was changed with the formation of the Ekstraklasa as the highest level of football league in Poland. 
In 2019/20 season, there are 20 parallel groups of IV liga. There are two groups in 4 voivodeships but only one club can be promoted after winning the play-offs between the winners of these two groups. 
Before 1648 the area was part of Duchy of Pomerania, 1648-1945 Prussia and Germany. For the history of the region, see History of Pomerania. 
The DSM has specified that the criteria for bipolar disorder can be applied to children since 1980. However, the exact criteria for diagnosing pediatric bipolar disorder remains controversial and heavily debated. There are big differences in how commonly it is diagnosed across clinics and in different countries. There has been a rapid increase in research on the topic, but training and clinical practice lag behind. 
In both the American Psychiatric Association's DSM-5 and the World Health Organization's ICD-10, the same criteria used to diagnose bipolar disorder in adults are used to make the diagnosis in children with some adjustments to account for differences in age and developmental stage. For example, the DSM-5 specifies that in children, depressive episodes can manifest as persistently irritable moods. 
Diagnostic criteria may not correctly separate children with bipolar disorder from other problems such as ADHD, and emphasize fast mood cycles. 
Chronic medication is often needed, with relapses of individuals reaching rates over 90% in those not following medication indications and almost to 40% in those complying with medication regimens in some studies. Compared to adults, a juvenile onset has in general a similar or worse course, although age of onset predicts the duration of the episodes more than the prognosis. A risk factor for a worse outcome is the existence of additional (comorbid) pathologies. 
Descriptions of children with symptoms similar to contemporary concepts of mania date back to the 18th century. In 1898, a detailed psychiatric case history was published about a 13-year-old that met Jean-Pierre Falret and Jules Baillarger's criteria for folie circulaire, which is congruent to the modern conception of bipolar I disorder. 
Bipolar disorder in children and adolescents: treatment and diagnosis: new treatment guidelines available. (2005). The Brown University Psychopharmacology Update, 16(4), 1+. https://link.gale.com/apps/doc/A130389603/AONE?u=mcc_main&sid=AONE&xid=5c0b7c9e 
Mahoney, D. (2004). More studies on bipolar disorder sorely needed. Clinical Psychiatry News, 32(3), 50. https://link.gale.com/apps/doc/A115228271/AONE?u=mcc_main&sid=AONE&xid=44d846bd 
Wendling, P. (2009). Stimulant use in ADHD, bipolar discouraged: expert in mood disorders cites evidence showing that amphetamines might worsen both illnesses. Clinical Psychiatry News, 37(8), 16. https://link.gale.com/apps/doc/A207123442/AONE?u=mcc_main&sid=AONE&xid=c58b5005 
Conus acutangulus, common name the sharp-angled cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies. 
Like all species within the genus Conus, these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of "stinging" humans, therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all. 
This species occurs in the Red Sea and in the tropical Indo-West Pacific; off Queensland, Australia. 
High Heat Major League Baseball 2002, also known as High Heat Baseball 2002, is a video game released in 2001, and is the fourth game in the High Heat Major League Baseball video game series. Then-Montreal Expos right fielder Vladimir Guerrero is featured on the cover. The game was released in March 2001 for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation, and PlayStation 2, followed by a Game Boy Advance port in September 2001. A Game Boy Color version was also in development but was cancelled. 
Computer Games Magazine and PC Gamer US both named it the best sports game of 2001, with the latter calling it "the best simulation of any sport." 
Ramon C. Gonzalez Jr. (November 6, 1947) is a Republican member of the Kansas House of Representatives. Gonzalez is from Perry, Kansas where he serves as police chief. Elected in a special election by the Republican precinct delegates to replace Lee Tafanelli who had resigned from the State House of Representatives to become the adjutant general of Kansas. 
Gonzalaez spent most of his career as an employee of Southwestern Bell from which he has retired. He also currently works as  a special investigator with the Jefferson County, Kansas Sheriff's Office. 
2000 Amateur championship of Ukraine was the ninth amateur championship of Ukraine and the 37th since the establishment of championship among fitness clubs (KFK) in 1964. 
This article about a Ukrainian association football competition is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about an Australian Labor Party member of the Senate is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Neocrepidodera impressa is a species of flea beetle from Chrysomelidae family that can be found everywhere in Europe except for Andorra, Austria, Baltic states, Czech Republic, Hungary, Liechtenstein, Moldova, Monaco, North Macedonia, Poland, Romania, San Marino, Vatican City, and eastern Europe. 
The model of "Networking for Advocates" was investigated in some research conducted by Martin Davies and Roger Croft of the University of Bath. The purpose of the research was to further understand the importance of developing trust in business relationships. The research identified certain networking transactions as the currency of developing trusted business relationships. This led to the development of the NRG Networking System based on this Advocacy Model. 
The organisation is structured around local groups, and primarily delivers its benefits via a monthly lunch meeting, preceded by a business development seminar. 
Avel Louise Gordly (born February 13, 1947) is an activist, community organizer, and former politician in the U.S. state of Oregon, who in 1996 became the first African-American woman to be elected to the Oregon State Senate. She served in the Senate from 1997 to 2009. Previously, she served for five years in the Oregon House of Representatives. 
In 2008, while serving as senator, OHSU opened the Avel Gordly Center for Healing, which provides mental health and psychiatric services. 
The Fight Club is a Canadian mixed martial arts (MMA) promotion based in Edmonton, Alberta. TFC currently fights at the Shaw Conference Centre. 
Every round in TFC competition Zaeis five minutes in duration. Title matches have five such rounds, and non-title matches have three. There is a one-minute rest period between rounds. 
Note: In the event of a draw, it is not necessary that the fighters' total points be equal. However, in a unanimous or split draw, each fighter does score an equal number of win judgments from the three judges (0 or 1, respectively). 
A fight can also end in a technical decision, disqualification, forfeit, technical draw, or no contest. The latter two outcomes have no winners. 
The ten-point must system is in effect for all fights; three judges score each round and the winner of each receives ten points, the loser nine points or fewer. If the round is even, both fighters receive ten points. 
When a foul is charged, the referee in their discretion may deduct one or more points as a penalty. If a foul incapacitates a fighter, then the match may end in a disqualification if the foul was intentional, or a no contest if unintentional. If a foul causes a fighter to be unable to continue later in the bout, it ends with a technical decision win to the injured fighter if the injured fighter is ahead on points, otherwise it is a technical draw. 
Founded on August 25, 2004,  Chongqing Times discontinued publication on January 1, 2019, and its electronic version is not accessible. 
Born in Little Rock, Arkansas, Newbern is the son of Betty, a Spanish teacher and David Newbern, a radiologist. 
He began his acting career at the Arkansas Arts Center in Little Rock, in the role of the younger brother in Life with Father, based on Clarence S. Day Jr.'s autobiographical novels. This first acting role spurred him on to other acting roles and eventually on to movie roles. Newbern's first lead role was in 1987's Double Switch, a retelling of The Prince and the Pauper that aired as a part of the Wonderful World of Disney television series.  
From 1986 to 1992, Newbern had a recurring role as Payne McElroy, the son of designer Julia Sugarbaker (played by Dixie Carter), on the series Designing Women. He has since guest-starred on television in such series as Providence, Chicago Hope, Friends, Bull, CSI, Medium, Ghost Whisperer, Touched by an Angel, Criminal Minds, and Private Practice. He had a recurring role for several seasons as a former CIA operative in Scandal. 
He starred as Neal Morris, father of Melissa Morris (Emily Osment), in the 2009 Disney Channel movie Dadnapped, and portrayed Apollo 14 astronaut Stu Roosa in the HBO mini-series From The Earth To The Moon. Film credits include Adventures in Babysitting (1987) with Elisabeth Shue; Double Switch (1987); Switching Channels (1988) with Kathleen Turner, Burt Reynolds and Christopher Reeve; and Father of the Bride (1991) and its sequel Father of the Bride Part II. In 2009 he appeared in Locker 13. 
Newbern also lend his voice in the cartoon series The Pirates of Dark Water, and he has also done voiceovers on a number of video games and game-related productions. He has also voiced in the infamous Theodore Rex as the character of the same name. In 2003, Newbern provided the voice of Mevyn Nooj in Final Fantasy X-2. 
Newbern met actress Marietta DePrima in the mid 1980s. They graduated together at  Northwestern University, where she was a member of Kappa Alpha Theta. The couple married in 1990. Together they have three children. 
The station consists of a single bay platform serving four tracks, connected to the station building by a level crossing. 
Glutamine amidotransferase-like class 1 domain-containing protein 3A, mitochondrial is a protein that in humans is encoded by the GATD3A gene. 
Tom Baack (born 13 March 1999) is a German professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for SC Verl, on loan from Jahn Regensburg. 
This biographical article related to association football in Germany, about a defender born in the 1990s, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The community is notable as the location of the Knob Creek Church of Christ, established in June 1834, the first Restoration Movement congregation to adopt the name Church of Christ. 
A post office was established on the Tennessee side in 1833. The community probably derives its name from Duke A. Beadles, first postmaster. 
Dukedom is connected with General Nathan Bedford Forrest, who served for the Confederacy in the Civil War. A Kentucky highway historical marker in the community reads: 
This Graves County, Kentucky state location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Laxmi Narayan 1 (Tushar Kapoor) lives a poor man's lifestyle in Mumbai with his widowed mother Kanta, who wants him to be a successful gangster and would like him to kill a few people, make enough money, then marry Chota Khujli's daughter, Meena Khujli. To fulfill his mother's wish, Laxminarayan 1 accepts a contract to kill D'Mello Yadav (Mukesh Tiwari), a Pondi-based gangster, who has stolen a diamond. 
Laxmi Narayan 2 (Sunil Shetty), the detailed and obedient Secretary of D.M. Pipat, wants him to buy a vintage car from a Pondi-based used car dealer, Laila (Sameera Reddy). 
Laxmi Narayan 3 (Paresh Rawal) sells undergarments and runs a business, 'Bulbul Lingerie,' with his son, Sonu; he travels to Pondi to meet with his new supplier, Jiya (Esha Deol). 
The trio all arrive and book rooms next to each other in Blue Diamond Hotel. Their respective lives are hilariously turned upside down when their names cause all three to end up in the wrong places. They are also on the run from Inspector Mayawati Chautala (Neetu Chandra), who also has a crush on Laxmi Narayan 2. 
Born on 28 September 1883 in Brunswick a suburb of Melbourne in Victoria, Australia, Barnett was the son of working class parents. He attended the Albert Street Primary School until 1898 when he  joined the Education Department, initially as monitor, and eventually as student-teacher. He resigned in 1902, to become a clerk in the civil service. By 1920 he had qualified as a public accountant and established his own practice. 
For the remainder of his life, Oswald Barnett retained a strong interest in social reform. He remained an important figure in the Methodist Church, as a lay preacher and author of religious tracts. He also wrote several volumes of poetry and a book of revised nursery rhymes. In 1959 Barnett married Florence Fowles, his first wife having died in 1956. He formally retired from his accountancy firm in 1962, and died at Box Hill on 3 May 1972. 
Milutin Krunich was a patriotic Serbian lieutenant and author whose stories were used to create a Serbophil sentiment in America leading up to the American entry into World War I. 
A patriotic Serbian book Serbia Crucified: The Beginning in 1918 was written with the help of Leah Marie Bruce from Berkeley California. It was reviewed in The Survey in 1918. It was reviewed again in 1919. 
Tempter is the debut album by the Dutch death metal band Nembrionic Hammerdeath. It was released in 1993 as a split CD with Consolation's debut album Beautyfilth by Displeased Records. Later, it was re-issued by itself. 
Trancers  started out as an homage to pulp detective novels, with noted similarities to other cult sci-fi movies, such as Blade Runner and The Terminator (the latter of which was released the same year). In the series, time travel is initially made possible using a drug that sends the person into the consciousness of a relation, but expanded to include the pre-set co-ordinates of a time machine, with the fourth and fifth films introducing other means of time travel between other dimensions. 
Deth appears in all the films, while Trancers 6 only has archive footage of Thomerson and a double body played by Christopher Farrell is used for some scenes. Zette Sullivan plays his daughter, Josephine, whom Jack is inside. 
Jack Deth is a cop who, originally was from the 23rd century, c. 2247 in Angel City (the renamed Los Angeles, following an earthquake). Jack was married to a woman called Alice B. Stillwell, who was also his partner, until she was killed by zombie like enemies called "Trancers" after an operation went wrong. 
Jack was extracted from his mission by his supervisor McNulty when Ashe become frantic over the deaths of the other council members, but Ashe allowed Jack to continue when he explained how he was close to finding Ashby, her ancestor. Immediately after Jack returns to his ancestor's body, he spots Whistler on TV being interviewed and learns that Ashby is on Skid Row. 
Jack and Lena steal a couple of motor cycles from a punk who had bothered them earlier in a nightclub and they go to Skid Row where they track down Ashby and help him to escape from Whistler and his goons. Lena is shot by one of the tranced cops, enduring a minor injury, but manages to reunite with Jack and Ashby at their hideout. Jack is worried about losing Lena, as he explains how he lost his wife back home in Angel City. 
In Trancers III, in 1992, Jack and Lena were on the verge of divorcing, due to their failing marriage. Although Jack promised to amend their relationship, he was forcefully returned to the future by the android Shark before he could fulfill this. 
Jack is injured trying to escape from these new bloodsuckers, and passes out in the woods. He is found by a kindly peasant, who nurses him back to health and then sends out a carrier pigeon, alerting Caliban of his whereabouts and therefore betraying Jack. The man is killed, however, when the Trancers show up with Caliban, despite being loyal to Caliban, and Jack is captured after his time freezer watch fails to do its job, resulting in the Trancers humoring his predicament. 
Unfortunately, one of Caliban's men uses an art work of Caliban to somehow bring him back during Trancers 5: Sudden Deth, in which Thomerson makes his final appearance in the canon. 
After dealing with a renegade Trancer at her place of employment, Josephine visits her friend Dr. Paul Malvern for help. They fend off an attack by Trancers, but end up being captured and forced to work for Miss Wilder, with Josephine narrowly managing to avoid being tranced with the meteor ray herself. Josephine just pretends to be a Trancer, so that this buys her more time. 
Josephine returns to Castle's office, to see Castle is quickly destroying evidence using a paper shredder. Just before he is revealed for what he really is, Mr. Castle warns Josephine that killing him would be pointless, as there are many more just like him in the universe controlling thousands. Yet Josephine shoots him anyway, exposing his true alien form. 
With the Trancers having been wiped out again, Jack decided to remain in the guise of his daughter, in case the Trancers should come looking for her now that she's wanted by them. But as seen in the end sequence, the Trancer kid with an eye missing survived, possibly indicating that a new threat could be looming. 
Thomerson (as Jack Deth) appeared in the 2006 movie, Evil Bong, briefly talking to someone in a dream-like state. Other Full Moon-related characters also appear in this film, including Ivan Burroughs from Decadent Evil and the cackling Jack Attack from the Demonic Toys movies, although Evil Bong isn't canonical. 
His other supervisor "Lyra" (Stacie Randall) later supplies him with a new gun that can be powered naturally with sand, small rocks, et cetera. He also receives a new wrist watch that can still slow down time, but with unlimited use. However, this trick backfires on him in Orpheus because Orpheus uses magic, as well as Jack going through dimensional portals. 
The most important item he receives from Lyra is an ordinary looking switchblade, that is designed so it can cut through just about anything. This saves his life on more than one occasion. Jack Deth is a fan of vintage cars, and is also a smoker, as Jack (as Josephine) receives a case which includes a pack of cigarettes. 
Trancers 6 tries to be like the original Trancers, by only including the original movie's time freezer watch. Although, including this is probably a plot hole, as Trancers 6 ignores parts 4 and 5 completely and, therefore, it does not make sense to be using the old one. 
Wyms, who earned a Super Bowl ring with the Buccaneers in Super Bowl XXXVII, has also played for the Seattle Seahawks, Minnesota Vikings and Florida Tuskers. 
Wyms went to Mississippi State and played as a Bulldog. He racked up 120 career tackles, with 69 solo tackles. He also collected 10 quarterback sacks in just 40 career games for the Mississippi State Bulldogs. Wyms started on the defensive line eight times as a senior. Wyms was the Bulldogs' top reserve player. In his first career start, against Oklahoma State, Wyms racked up six tackles. He majored in technology and education. 
Wyms was drafted by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers with the 183rd pick of the 2001 NFL Draft, in the sixth round. In his first season, he played in four games (at the Detroit Lions, vs. the New Orleans Saints, vs. the Baltimore Ravens, and vs. the Philadelphia Eagles. However, he did not start until the Philadelphia Eagles playoff game in which the Buccaneers lost. 
He signed with the Seattle Seahawks before the 2007 season. He appeared in 13 games (no starts) for the team and recorded 11 tackles. He became a free agent after the season. 
On March 17, 2008, Wyms signed a one-year contract with the Minnesota Vikings worth $1.5 million and including a $500,000 signing bonus. 
Wyms contributes to the community through the "Strong Minds, Strong Bodies" program. Ellis Wyms is also the founder of The Wyms Foundation. The program provides monthly reading activities and career advice to underprivileged children in the city of Tampa. He also participates in many community activities. In high school, he recorded 124 tackles and 7 sacks. Wyms is married to real estate consultant DeeDee Wyms. 
South Dakota Highway 40A was a short spur route in the east part of Badlands National Park.  This route was originally part of South Dakota Highway 40.  At that time, SD 40 exited the park to the northeast, and continued east with U.S. Highway 16.  Around 1970, SD 40 was rerouted south from the park to a new alignment south of the White River.  When this was done, SD 40A was created to link with Alternate U.S. Highway 16. 
Christopher "Christoph" Sanders (born April 21, 1988) is an American actor who is best known for his role as Ned Banks in the television series Ghost Whisperer and Kyle Anderson in the sitcom Last Man Standing on ABC (2011-2017) and FOX (2018-2021). 
He has recently appeared in the music video of "Old Town Road" with Lil Nas X and Billy Ray Cyrus. He was cast as Kyle Anderson in the Last Man Standing tv show starring Tim Allen. His character was initially the boyfriend of the eldest daughter of Tim Allen's character, but after Season 1 the producers aged the eldest daughter to play a more motherly role. Sanders' character eventually became the boyfriend, and later husband, to the middle daughter. 
An avid outdoorsman, Sanders enjoys such activities as hiking, camping, and surfing. He also describes himself as "a pretty great cook." 
Raphitoma boutillieri is an extinct species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Raphitomidae. 
The combined transmission spectrum of TRAPPIST-1 b and c rules out a cloud-free hydrogen-dominated atmosphere for each planet, so they are unlikely to harbor an extended gas envelope. Other atmospheres, from a cloud-free water-vapor atmosphere to a Venus-like atmosphere, remain consistent with the featureless spectrum. 
In 2018, the composition of TRAPPIST-1c was determined, and has been found to be rock-based with a very thick, Venus-like atmosphere. The atmosphere of TRAPPIST-1c is likely thinner than that of TRAPPIST-1b. 
This Saskatchewan road, road transport or highway-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Balangoda is situated in the hilly central region of central Sri Lanka on Sabaragamuwa Mountain Range. The main livelihoods of this region are farming (vegetables, fruits, and spices), rice cultivation for mainly local consumption, tea cultivation for international markets as a commercial crop and gem mining. 
This Sabaragamuwa Province, Sri Lanka location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
"The Waxies' Dargle" is a traditional Irish folk song about two Dublin "aul' wans" (ladies) discussing how to find money to go on an excursion. It is named after an annual outing to Ringsend, near Dublin city, by Dublin cobblers (waxies). It originated as a 19th-century children's song and is now a popular pub song in Ireland. 
In the 19th century, during the Summer, the gentry of Dublin would travel out to Bray and Enniskerry with their entourages and have picnics on the banks of the River Dargle. The Dargle was a popular holiday resort, and the name in Dublin slang became synonymous with "holiday resort". 
Their destination was a favourite resort for Dubliners, a grass-covered triangle near the sea-front at Irishtown. On Summer evenings fiddlers, flautists and melodeon players played dance music (sets, half-sets and reels) until midnight. There was a roaring trade in porter, cockles and mussels and "treacle Billy". On Bank holidays there were boxing contests. 
There is an engraved stone, marking the location of the Waxies' Dargle "picnic" site near Gleesons Pub in Irishtown. 
Robert Gogan describes how the "Waxies' Dargle" focuses on working-class Dublin. The places referenced are in areas frequented by the poor. Monto was an area around Montgomery Street, a notorious red-light district near the centre of Dublin. Capel Street is on the north side of the city and was renowned for its pawnbroking shops, a few of which remain to this day. 
The Waxies' Dargle is also mentioned in another Dublin folk song, "Monto (Take Her Up to Monto)", written by George Desmond Hodnett. 
The Waxies' Dargle is referenced in the Aeolus episode of the novel Ulysses by James Joyce. The character Myles Crawford refers to the two old ladies on top of Nelson's pillar as being "Out for the waxies' Dargle". 
At 16 years of age, Henriques was selected for the Australian U-19 cricket team's squad for the 2004 U-19 Cricket World Cup in Bangladesh, where he took 11 wickets at 19.27 and scored 95 runs at 19.00. 
In September 2005, Henriques was named in Australia's U-19 squad to tour India for a One Day series against the Indian U-19 cricket team. Whilst Australia lost the series, in difficult conditions, Henriques was a stand out. He scored 132 runs at an average of 44.00 and claimed 8 wickets at 18.25. 
Henriques was named captain of the Australian U-19 team for the 2006 U-19 Cricket World Cup in Sri Lanka, and performed to great acclaim as he led the Australians to a semi-final berth. He was a stand out player of the tournament, scoring 150 runs at 37.50 and finished as the World Cup's leading wicket-taker, claiming 16 wickets at 10.52 in 5 matches. 
During his time in the Australian U-19 team, he played 17 matches, taking 35 wickets at 15.08 and scored 377 runs at an average of 31.41. 
Moises Henriques is the joint leading wicket taker along with Greg Thompson in the history of Under-19 Cricket World Cup with 27 scalps. 
On 2 January 2006, Henriques made his List A debut for New South Wales against Victoria. He bowled 8 overs for 46 runs in a narrow New South Wales victory. His appearance, at only 18 years of age, made him the youngest ever List A debutant for New South Wales. Six days later, Henriques made his Twenty20 debut, but did not bat or bowl in that match. 
He was signed by the Kolkata Knight Riders franchise for $300,000 to play in the Indian Premier League during the 2009 season. In 2010, he was traded to the Delhi Daredevils in exchange for Manoj Tiwary. 
In September 2012 he scored his first first-class century, 161 not out off 229 balls against Tasmania at Bankstown.[citation needed] 
Since then, he has produced some very consistent performances with both bat and ball, a highlight recently in the Matador One Day Cup where he scored 131 against Victoria which was his first List A century. He is the captain of NSW. He is injured but will return towards the end of November. 
In June 2015, while playing for Surrey in a NatWest t20 Blast game against Sussex Sharks at Arundel Castle, Henriques collided with teammate Rory Burns while attempting to take a catch.  Both players were knocked unconscious from the collision and Henriques suffered a broken jaw.  Ambulances and medical staff treated the players on-field before taking them both to hospital. The game was abandoned due to the injuries. 
In July 2019, he was selected to play for the Glasgow Giants in the inaugural edition of the Euro T20 Slam cricket tournament. However, the following month the tournament was cancelled. He was released by the Kings XI Punjab ahead of the 2020 IPL auction. In February 2021, Henriques was bought by the Punjab Kings in the IPL auction ahead of the 2021 Indian Premier League. 
In the Big Bash League, Henriques captained Sydney Sixers to consecutive title victories in 2019-20 and 2020-21 seasons. He was also a part of the winning squad in the inagural BBL final in 2011-12, where he scored 70(41) in the final. 
In 2018, Henriques revealed he was suffering from depression and stepped down as captain of New South Wales. 
A genuine all-rounder, Henriques states that he "couldn't choose" between batting and bowling as his preferred art. Despite this, some have commented that his bowling is slightly better than his batting. As a right-handed batsman, Henriques bats in the middle to lower order, and as a right-arm medium-fast bowler he generally opens the attack. His style has been compared to Australian Shane Watson, but Henriques looks to South African all-rounder Jacques Kallis as a source of inspiration. 
On 19 June, Barcelona announced the signing of Memphis Depay from Olympique Lyonnais on a free transfer. 
On 1 July, Lionel Messi's contract expired amidst negotiations to sign a new contract, effectively making Messi a free agent. 
Despite reaching an agreement with Messi and having planned to sign a contract on 5 August, the club announced that Messi wouldn't stay at the club due to financial and structural obstacles posed by La Liga regulations. He subsequently joined Paris Saint-Germain F.C. on 10 August. 
On 28 October, Barcelona announced the dismissal of Ronald Koeman as the first team coach, ending his spell at the club after 14 months. 
On 12 November, Barcelona announced an agreement in principle to sign former right-back Dani Alves on a free transfer. The Brazilian will officially return to the club in January 2022 during the Winter Transfer Window. 
Source: fcbarcelona.comOrdered by ,  and  = Number of bookings;  = Number of sending offs after a second yellow card;  = Number of sending offs by a direct red card. 
 - Player is injured   - Player has recovered from injury Last updated: 5 November 2021Source: FC Barcelona 
According to Ricardo J. Goenaga, the director of the TARS, the main goal of the scientists at the station is the development of fruit production systems that help growers to increase the market and the sales potential of the crops. 
Currently, the TARS contains one of the best and well-documented tropical plant collections in the Western Hemisphere, consisting of more than 2,000 permanently cultivated species, both tropical fruits and ornamental plants. 
Homeboy Industries began in 1988 as a job training program (called Jobs for a Future)  out of Dolores Mission Parish in Boyle Heights, Los Angeles, California, USA.  It was created by then-pastor Greg Boyle to offer an alternative to gang life for high-risk youth, who were living in a city (Los Angeles) with the highest concentration of gang activity in the country. In those early days, Boyle found sympathetic businesses that agreed to hire recovering gang members. 
In 1992, an abandoned warehouse was converted into the first business, Homeboy Bakery, to create more opportunities for employment. The Bakery started off producing tortillas and eventually received a contract for baking bread. Eventually more businesses were added, and in 2001, Homeboy Industries became an independent non-profit. "Nothing stops a bullet like a job" is the guiding principle. 
Dolores Mission Alternative School was created to offer high school drop outs a chance for a diploma. In 2010, Learning Works became the new high school. There are currently 75 students enrolled, and in 2012 enrollment is expected to reach 105. 
In addition to jobs, Homeboy Industries offers training in anger management, domestic violence, yoga, spiritual development, parenting, substance abuse, budgeting, art and other areas of self-development. In addition, they offer free mental health counseling, tattoo removal, legal services, job development and case management. 
In 2014, the Global Homeboy Network was founded to work with other organizations to provide similar programs and the social enterprise employment structure across the globe. Father Greg hopes organizations will not duplicate Homeboy Industries, but seek to creating a community and a place of welcome to those in trouble. 
The growing number of ex-gang members and prisoners had quickly outnumbered the amount of available jobs at Homeboy Industries. According to Father Boyle, Homeboy Industries laid off approximately 330 employees in 2010, including senior staff and administrators. Homeboy Industries failed to generate its $5 million needed to operate. In order to rehabilitate their finances, Homeboy Industries created "Homeboy Groceries" in January 2011, consisting of foods such as chips, salsa, and guacamole. 
Because of Homeboy's new partnerships and job opportunities that Homeboy Grocery has provided, Homeboy Industries is continuing to operate. 
Homeboy Groceries goods are currently available in the DELI section at Ralphs, Gelson's, Walmart, and Stop & Shop. 
In 2007, an independent documentary titled Father G. and the Homeboys was released about the organization and what it did for ex-gang members. 
Homeboy Industries made its first foray into the mainstream market with its salsa being sold at Ralphs Supermarket. 
In 2007, Boyle appeared in an episode of MTV's True Life, which followed an employee of Homeboy Industries named Dennis. 
Members of Homeboy Industries were also shown in the music video for Daughtry's "What About Now" in July 2008. 
For his work with Homeboy Industries, Boyle received the 2008 James Irvine Foundation Leadership Award". 
Boyle was named the 2016 Humanitarian of the Year by the James Beard Foundation, a national culinary-arts organization. 
The 2017 Laetare Medal, a prestigious annual award given by the University of Notre Dame to an American Catholic, was awarded to Boyle. 
Homeboy's 2019 "Lo Maximo" award ceremony was hosted by actresses Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin and celebrated notable allies of Homeboy Industries, including former California Governor Jerry Brown, who was presented with the 2019 "Kinship Award". 
Leriche, a largely self-taught filmmaker, made a number of short films and worked as an educator with film and video training programs for homeless youth and First Nations, before writing and directing Before the Streets. Her most noted short film, The Schoolyard (Les Grands), was named to the Toronto International Film Festival's annual Canada's Top Ten list for short films in 2007. 
Before the Streets won the Borsos Competition award for best picture, and Leriche won the award for best director, at the 2016 Whistler Film Festival. At the 2016 Directors Guild of Canada awards, Leriche won the DGC Discovery Award. 
Roger Huerta (born May 20, 1983) is an American mixed martial artist currently fighting in the lightweight division. He initially gained exposure by competing in the lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship, Bellator Fighting Championships and later ONE Championship. 
Ashford coached Huerta and with the help of Ramirez, aided him in applying for a collegiate wrestling scholarship. Huerta attends Augsburg University in Minneapolis, Minnesota with one year remaining in a Business Management bachelor's degree and resided in St. Paul, Minnesota. 
In Huerta's pre-UFC career, his first loss came as a result of a dislocated jaw early in the finals of the SuperBrawl 36 tournament against Ryan Schultz on June 18, 2004, his third match of the day. 
Huerta was originally slated to make his UFC debut against Hermes Franca at UFC 61, but was forced to withdraw from the fight as the result of an elbow injury. He won his first six fights in the UFC, the first at UFC 63 against Jason Dent, which was declared "Fight of the Night". 
His next fight was against UFC newcomer John Halverson at UFC 67. The fight ended by TKO after 19 seconds of round one after Huerta landed a knee to the shoulder/head area of a grounded Halverson, knocking him down and finishing him with punches. The end of the bout was controversial as knees to the head of grounded opponents are illegal under UFC rules. It was later shown in a replay that Huerta's knee was actually to the shoulder rather than to the head. 
Next he fought in a three-round war with Leonard Garcia at UFC 69. winning via unanimous decision. After the fight, in May 2007, Huerta became the first mixed martial artist to appear on the cover of Sports Illustrated Magazine, for a story on the rising popularity of mixed martial arts. 
On January 9, 2009, Huerta announced an indefinite hiatus from MMA to further pursue opportunities in acting. 
In order to complete his UFC contract, Huerta returned on September 16, 2009, but lost to Gray Maynard at UFC Fight Night 19. After a back-and-forth fight, he would end up losing a split decision in his bout against Maynard. 
Despite having previously announced on his personal Twitter account that he was in talks with Strikeforce, Huerta eventually signed with Bellator Fighting Championships. He was one of eight men to compete in the second season lightweight tournament, with the winner receiving a title shot against Eddie Alvarez. 
His first fight in the tournament took place at Bellator 13.  Huerta defeated opponent Chad Hinton via submission (kneebar) at 0:56 of the third round. 
His second fight in the tournament took place at Bellator 17. Huerta lost the semi-final to Pat Curran by a controversial unanimous decision (29-28 from all three judges). 
However, on August 12 it was announced that Huerta would be fighting Bellator Lightweight Champion Eddie Alvarez, after Curran had to pull out of the fight due to a slap tear in his right shoulder. The Lightweight belt was not on the line when the two met on October 21, 2010 at Bellator 33 in Philadelphia. He lost the fight via doctor stoppage at the end of the 2nd round. 
Huerta fought against War Machine in a welterweight bout in the main event of Ultimate Warrior Fighting 1. Huerta lost the fight via TKO after he suffered a fractured rib during the final scramble in the third round where he rolled out of War Machine's submission armbar attempts to claim side control. From there, War Machine escaped from Huerta's side mount to directly take full mount with ease. Machine then rained down punches for the referee stoppage at three minutes and nine seconds. 
Huerta signed with the Asian-based promotion ONE Championship in 2012.  He was scheduled to fight Phil Baroni in a welterweight bout at ONE FC: Destiny of Warriors on June 23 but Baroni was pulled from the fight after suffering a TKO loss in a fight 3 weeks before the event. Huerta instead fought Zorobabel Moreira at the event, and was defeated via KO (soccer kick) in the second round. 
After two years away from the sport, Huerta returned to One FC on August 29, 2014. He faced undefeated Christian Holley at ONE FC: Reign of Champions and won the fight via TKO in the first round. 
After seven-and-a-half years away from the promotion, Huerta re-signed with Bellator MMA for one fight in 2018. He faced Benson Henderson in the main event at Bellator 196 on April 6, 2018. Huerta lost the bout via submission in the second round. 
Huerta faced Patricky Freire on September 21, 2018 at Bellator 205. He lost the fight via knockout in the second round. 
Huerta faced Sidney Outlaw at Bellator 234 on November 14, 2019. He lost the fight via unanimous decision. 
Huerta faced Chris Gonzalez at Bellator 255 on April 2, 2021. He lost the bout after tapping due to strikes in the third round. 
Huerta trained for his UFC fight against Kenny Florian with Greg Jackson's Submission Fighting. For his Bellator debut, he spent time in Thailand and put together a training camp with MMA fighters such as Yves Edwards (UFC), Shad Lierley (Bellator), Jared Hess (Bellator), Dave Menne, and Jeff Clark out of the Phil Cardella / Relson Gracie Academy in Austin, Texas. 
Huerta made his acting debut as Miguel Caballero Rojo in the live action motion picture Tekken. He also starred alongside Kimbo Slice, Frank Mir, and Heath Herring in Circle of Pain, a 2010 direct-to-video film. 
In August 2010, Huerta engaged in a street fight outside of a bar at approximately 2 A.M. CST in Austin, Texas. Video footage provided by TMZ shows a man alleged to be Huerta is seen exchanging words with and defending himself against a man, Rashad Bobino, a former Texas Longhorns linebacker, who had just assaulted a woman. 
Gil was made a Commander of the Order of Isabella the Catholic in 2014. Receiving the honor in Prague, she recalled the circumstances of her long exile. 
On 27 March 2014, she was granted the Title of Ambassador of Mas de las Matas and the Medal of the Faithful Villa of Mas de las Matas. 
Bagdad is located along the historic U.S. Route 66, east of Barstow and Ludlow, and west of Amboy and Needles. 
The town was founded in 1883 when the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway railway line between Barstow and Needles was built. At this time, Bagdad provided services to the Orange Blossom Mine several miles to the north, and to the War Eagle Mine several miles to the south. In addition, a dirt track extended south past the War Eagle Mine into the Dale Mining District in the Pinto Mountains. 
Bagdad was long a thriving town along the National Old Trails Road and the famous Route 66. It was bypassed by the opening of Interstate 40 to the north in 1973, and lost traveler's business and resident population. 
Bagdad holds the record for the longest dry streak in United States history with 767 straight days without rain, from October 3, 1912 to November 8, 1914. It is to the south of the Granite Mountains and the Mojave National Preserve, and north of the Bullion Mountains. 
A small airfield known as the Bagdad Intermediate Field was built south of the town, immediately south of Route 66. It was operational in 1932, with abandonment between 1954-1958.  A small, red concrete pad that was formerly the base of the airway beacon tower is all that remains. 
Cuerna is a genus of insect in the leafhopper family described in 1924 and accepted in 1925. There are 26 species in this genus. They can be found in North America from Canada and Alaska to Panama, but the highest diversity of species is in the southwestern United States. 
He won a gold medal in the fours at the 1958 British Empire and Commonwealth Games in Cardiff with Norman King, John Scadgell and Walter Phillips. 
This biographical article relating to United Kingdom lawn or indoor bowls is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
George Dean Johnson Jr. (born July 22, 1942) is an American politician in the state of South Carolina. Brought up in Spartanburg, he served in the South Carolina House of Representatives from 1969 to 1974, elected as Democratic, Republican and Independent, representing Spartanburg County, South Carolina. He is a lawyer. 
George D. Johnson Jr. founded multiple companies, including Extended Stay America, Advance America Cash Advance, and Johnson Waste, which was later sold to Waste Management, Incorporated. 
William Balloch Stirling Naughton (born 20 March 1962) is a Scottish former professional footballer who played in the Football League as a Left winger. 
In August 2009, two extrasolar planets, HD 147018 b and HD 147018 c, were reported to be orbiting this star. The planets were found using the radial velocity method, using the CORALIE spectrograph at La Silla Observatory, Chile. 
The village was established in 1980 as part of the "Lookouts in the Galilee" plan, with residents initially living in prefabricated homes imported from South Africa. It was originally named Mitzpe Ziv after Har Ziv, the mountain on which it was built. It was later renamed Mitzpe Hila. 
Katyusha and Grad rockets fired by Hezbollah in the 1990s landed in the village, as did more rockets during the 2006 Lebanon War against Hezbollah. Otherwise it is a popular retreat for "internal tourism": Israelis seeking bed and breakfasts or rental cabins. 
The North American F-82 Twin Mustang is the last American piston-engined fighter ordered into production by the United States Air Force. Based on the North American P-51 Mustang, the F-82 was originally designed as a long-range escort fighter for the Boeing B-29 Superfortress in World War II. The war ended well before the first production units were operational. 
The XP-82 prototypes, and production P-82Bs and P-82Es, retained both fully equipped cockpits so that pilots could fly the aircraft from either position, alternating control on long flights, while later night fighter versions kept the cockpit on the left side only, placing the radar operator in the right position. 
Although some P-82B airframes were completed before the end of World War II, most remained at the North American factory in California waiting for engines until 1946. As a result, none saw service during the war. 
It remains the longest nonstop flight ever made by a propeller-driven fighter, and the fastest such a distance has ever been covered in a piston-engine aircraft. The aircraft chosen was an earlier "B" model powered by Rolls-Royce Merlin engines (see "Surviving aircraft" below). 
Until jet interceptors could be developed and put into service, the Twin Mustangs already built were seen as an interim solution to SAC's fighter escort mission for its strategic bomber force and also as an all-weather air defense interceptor. 
On 11 June 1948, the newly formed United States Air Force replaced the P-for-pursuit category with F-for-fighter. All P-82s were then re-designated F-82. 
The F-82E was the first operational model and its initial operational assignment was to the Strategic Air Command 27th Fighter (later Fighter-Escort) Wing at Kearney Air Force Base, Nebraska in March 1948. 
Four F-82s were deployed from McChord to Alaska, where the pilots provided transition training to the 449th Fighter (All Weather) Squadron, which used Twin Mustangs in the air defense mission. They remained in Alaska for about 45 days, returning to rejoin the rest of the group at the beginning of November 1948. 
In early 1949, the 27th began carrying out long-range escort profile missions. Flights to Puerto Rico, Mexico, the Bahamas and nonstop to Washington, D.C. were carried out. For President Truman's 1949 inauguration, the 27th FEW launched 48 aircraft to fly in review, along with several other fighter units, in formation down Pennsylvania Avenue. Another flyover of the newly dedicated Idlewild Airport in New York City soon followed, with the aircraft flying non-stop from Kearney AFB. 
The appearance of the Soviet Tupolev Tu-4 in 1947 posed a new threat to postwar USAAF planners, and with the start of the Cold War in 1948, led to the establishment of Air Defense Command (ADC) in the United States Air Force. 
The radar-equipped wartime Northrop P-61 Black Widow night fighter was found to be effective in locating and attacking the incoming SAC bombers, and also had the range to attack the bombers far from their intended targets. With no suitable jet interceptors, the P-61 transitioned to the ADC interceptor mission. Available F-61s were war-weary and night fighter F-82C/D models were modified into all-weather interceptors to replace them. 
The first F-82Fs began reaching ADC squadrons in September 1948. By the end of September, ADC had 29 F-82Fs. By the middle of 1949 the F-82 was replacing Black Widows in service with Air Defense Command along the west coast at Hamilton AFB, California (317th FIS) and McChord AFB, Washington (318th FIS, 319th FIS). East coast defense was the mission of the Twin Mustangs assigned to McGuire AFB, New Jersey (2d FIS, 5th FIS). 
In addition to the forces in the Continental United States, the Caribbean Air Command 319th FIS at France Field in the Panama Canal Zone received 15 F-82Fs in December 1948 to replace Black Widows for defending the Panama Canal but remained there only briefly before being reassigned to McChord AFB in May 1949. 
1951 was the last full year of F-82 operations in Korea, as they were gradually replaced by the jet-powered F-94 Starfire. USAF claimed the Twin Mustangs destroyed 20 enemy aircraft, four in the air and 16 on the ground during the conflict. 
During the Korean war, 22 F-82s were lost, including 11 in combat missions and 11 non-combat losses. 
Modified F-82F/Gs for cold weather were designated as F-82H. Six were assigned initially to the 449th F(AW)S at Adak Island in December 1948 to replace their P-61 Black Widows in the Alaska Air Defense mission. The Twin Mustang was well-suited for the air defense mission in Alaska due to its long-range flying ability. In March 1949, the squadron was reassigned to Ladd AFB, near Fairbanks, where an additional eight (14 total) arrived. 
Beginning in spring 1950, Strategic Air Command began replacing their F-82E bomber escorts and throughout the year, several were transferred to the 449th in Alaska. In February 1951, the Air Force ordered Alaskan Air Command that all the remaining F-82s in the Air Force inventory would all be transferred to Alaska. The Twin Mustangs would be used to support Army units in air-to-ground operations, and to use the F-94 Starfires for interceptor duty. 
During 1951 and 1952, F-82Fs from the Air Defense Command 52d Fighter Group at McGuire AFB and 325th Fighter Group at McChord AFB were winterized and flown to Ladd AFB as replacements when those units transitioned to the F-94. 
F-82Gs from Far East Air Force were also sent to Alaska, as jets took over combat duties over the skies of Korea. The FEAF F-82s, however, arrived in a badly corroded condition. Also, many of these aircraft which were sent to the 449th had high time on their airframes from long bomber escort and air defense flights, as well as the stress from combat duty in Korea causing many of them to be difficult to maintain. After four months at the 39th Air Depot Wing at Elmendorf, most were scrapped. 
Some of the planes in storage at Robins and McChord were turned over to museums as static displays. Also after the end of their USAF service, the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics (NACA) acquired four F-82s for research. 
The Air Force accepted a total of 272 F-82s (including 22 prototype, test and early production aircraft). All examples were redesignated as F-82 in 1948. Specifically, the F-82 program consisted of two XF-82s, one XF-82A, 10 F-82Bs (known for a while as P-82Zs and all allocated to testing), four F-82As, 96 F-82Es, 91 F-82Fs, 45 F-82Gs and 14 F-82Hs.  All models and variants of the P-82 were produced at North American's Inglewood, California manufacturing plant. 
In 1955 the Chronicle was merged into the Empire News. The Empire News itself disappeared in 1960 when it was merged with the News of the World. 
http://www.deadtide.com/reviews/albums/page.php?id=2396  http://www.lordsofmetal.nl/en/reviews/view/id/5030 
All episodes of the first season are named after notable films of different eras. For the first half of the second season, all the episodes are named after notable songs. The second half of the second season features episodes named after novels. During the course of the series, 36 episodes of Finding Carter aired over two seasons. 
The smallest animal yet to carry Crittercam is the emperor penguin. Information and footage from Crittercam was used in the Oscar-winning documentary March of the Penguins. 
At Museum of Science (Boston), there is an exhibit on Crittercam. The exhibit will soon travel to other museums. The exhibit allows people to participate in interactive displays and models. 
We Got the Rhythm is the second studio album recorded by American funk band The People's Choice, released in 1976 on the TSOP label. 
The album peaked at No. 38 on the R&B albums chart. It also reached No. 174 on the Billboard 200. The album features the single, "Here We Go Again", which peaked at No. 52 on the Hot Soul Singles chart. "Movin' in All Directions" also charted at No. 52 on the Hot Soul Singles chart. 
Colombia competed at the Summer Deaflympics for the first time in 1969. Colombia also won its only Deaflympics medal to date that same year. Colombia has never participated in the Winter Deaflympics. 
Ryan Turnbull MP (born July 15, 1977) is a Canadian politician and social innovation consultant who was elected to represent the riding of Whitby in the House of Commons of Canada in the 2019 Canadian federal election. 
As a teenager, he took intensive leadership training which inspired him to dedicate his life to one of service to community. He went on to study philosophy and applied ethics for 8 years earning both a Bachelor's Degree (with High Honours) and a Master's Degree from Carleton University. 
He has taught, developed curriculum and overseen research at a number of post-secondary institutions, including Carleton University, Sogang University, University of London (St. Georges Medical School), Ryerson University and Durham College. He has also taught business ethics and corporate social responsibility at Ted Rogers School of Business Management for several years. 
Turnbull founded a management consulting company focused on social innovation and ethics. His company, Eco-Ethonomics Inc. has managed more than 350 projects focused on employing social innovation methods to addressing complex and systemic problems like systemic poverty, racism, and gender equality. 
This article about an Ontario Member of Parliament is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Short Trips: A Christmas Treasury is a Big Finish original anthology edited by Paul Cornell and based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who. The collection is the first Christmas book in the Short Trips range. 
Philotheca queenslandica is a species of flowering plant in the family Rutaceae and is endemic to south-eastern Queensland. It is a wiry shrub with elliptic to egg-shaped leaves with the narrower end toward the base and densely crowded near the ends of the glandular-warty branchlets, and cream-coloured flowers tinged with pink and arranged singly in leaf axils. 
This philotheca was first formally described in 1942 by Cyril Tenison White who gave it the name Eriostemon queenslandicus and published the description in the Proceedings of the Royal Society of Queensland. In 2005 Paul Irwin Forster changed the name to Philotheca queenslandica in the journal Austrobaileya. 
Philotheca queenslandica grows in wallum heathland in moist or seasonally flooded, boggy or sandy soil. It is found in south-eastern Queensland between Boonooroo and Bribie Island. 
Philotheca queenslandica is classified as of "least concern" under the Queensland Government Nature Conservation Act 1992. 
Stephanie Frazier Stacy (born April 23, 1962) is an American judge who is an associate justice of the Nebraska Supreme Court. She previously served as a judge on the Third District Court from 2011 to 2015. Stacy was appointed to the state's supreme court by the Governor of Nebraska Pete Ricketts in August 2015. 
In October 2011, Stacy was appointed as a judge by the Governor of Nebraska Dave Heineman, serving on the state's Third District Court, which is responsible for Lancaster County, Nebraska. She was retained to the 3rd District with 77.8% of votes for a new judicial term on November 4. 2014. 
Governor Pete Ricketts appointed Stacy to the Nebraska Supreme Court in 2015, to replace retiring justice Kenneth Stephan in representing the 1st Judicial District. Stacy's appointment was announced on August 14, and she was sworn in on September 28, 2015. Justice Stacy's current term on the court ends in January 2019, and she is eligible to run for re-election in November 2018, for a new six-year term.[needs update] 
The 1986 Ms. Olympia contest was an IFBB professional bodybuilding competition was held on November 19, 1986, at the Felt Forum in Madison Square Garden in New York City, New York. It was the 7th Ms. Olympia competition held. 
Xavier Vilalta (born May 8, 1980) is a Spanish architect and professor. He studied architecture in Barcelona, London, and the Illinois Institute of Technology in Chicago. 
Vilalta combines practice with teaching and lecturing in cultural institutions and venues. He has taught as a professor at Barcelona Tech ETSAB and the University of Lleida. 
In 2004 he founded the design firm Vilalta Studio in Barcelona, Spain. With his team, Vilalta developed his early work in Spain followed by international projects in emerging countries in Africa and the Middle East. 
His projects have been recognized by international awards such as the Young Architect of the year at the Leaf Awards 2008, and two consecutive awards, 2009 and 2010, the SAIE Selection of the energy exhibition of Bologna in Italy for the sustainability of his projects. In 2011, he became a Fellow of TED (Technology, Entertainment, Design). 
Xavier Vilalta's work focuses on nature and people as well as how to reconnect the two thinking about our contemporary urban life as part of the environment where Architecture grows from the local natural conditions and traditions. 
He is interested in vernacular architecture related to sustainability. He defines sustainability as the relationship between Architecture and the program it contains and its social values, the way it is designed and built and how it will perform in the future. 
Steam trams began operation in the system in 1884, under the name Steam Tramway Brno. In the 1900s, the conversion from steam to electrical power began, but steam locomotives were still used, until 1914, to transport goods. 
Within the first year of operation several new lines were constructed, and soon a total of five lines were offered as part of the system. In 1914, Company Brno began to experience financial difficulties and was taken over by the Austrian electricity delivery group Aktiengesellschaft from Vienna. During World War I further expansion was considered, resulting in the extension of one line to a hospital. 
Pandora is a female Mexican singing trio. The trio was formed in 1981 under the name Trebol by sisters Isabel Lascurain and Mayte Lascurain and their cousin Fernanda Meade. The trio was renamed "Pandora" upon signing with EMI Records in 1984. 
From 1981 to 1984 the trio established itself doing backup vocals for artists such as Emmanuel and Pedro Vargas (who is the sisters' godfather), and backup vocals for the group Timbiriche. On November 29, 1984, the trio signed a record deal with EMI and became Mexico's first all-female musical trio in thirty years. The artistic director of EMI Capitol Mexico, Luis Moyano, renamed the group "Pandora" after the first woman created on Earth in Greek mythology. 
In May 1989, Meade left the group to pursue a solo career and was replaced by Liliana Aboroa. Meade returned to the group in 1997 and has continued with them since. 
To celebrate the 25th anniversary of their debut, the three original members of Pandora reunited in 2010 to release a new album, Pandora - De Plata, which consisted of covers, duets, and re-recordings of their old hits. 
Hasan Halili was the minister of agriculture in the 1992 government of Sali Berisha in Albania. He is a member of the Democratic Party. 
One vessel built during this period by Hall, Russell & Company has become well known in popular culture, a fisheries research vessel built as Sir William Hardy (Yard number 846) was bought by Greenpeace, becoming the first Rainbow Warrior in 1977. The Rainbow Warrior would later be sunk by French Special Forces when it was used to disrupt French nuclear weapons testing in the Pacific. 
He won the title of German Champion in men's figure skating twice, in 1900 and 1901. He was the younger brother of Karl Zenger. 
The tomb of Lu Xun was listed as the first batch of the major historical and cultural site protected at the national level, by the State Council of the People's Republic of China, on 4 March 1961. 
After some years travelling in Australia, Europe and East Asia while working in the construction industry, Paul set up a computer support company on Sydney's North Shore in January 1995. He stepped away from day-to-day operations of the business in 2007 with its interstate expansion. 
In 1998 Paul was invited onto 702 ABC Sydney (2BL) to discuss the Y2K issue and answer listener's questions.  The success of this segment lead to two monthly segments on ABC Local Radio programs, Nightlife with Tony Delroy and the Sydney 702 Weekend program with Simon Marnie. 
In addition to this, Wallbank has a weekly column on the Australian Smart Company website discussing business and technology issues. He has also written one small business technology book and adapted five Dummies guides for the Australian market. 
This Chinese biographical article relating to sport is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
On the central square a monument honouring messenger god in the religion of the Muisca; Bochica has been erected. 
He remained the Deputy Ameer of Jamaat-e-Islami until 30 March 2014 when he was elected as the Ameer of Jamaat-e-Islami Pakistan. In accordance with party rules whereby intra-party elections are held every five years, he was re-elected as Ameer (chief) of Jamaat-e-Islami in March 2019, until March 2024. He remains immensely popular in his constituency and is known for his modesty among friends and foes alike. 
He resigned from the Ministry of Finance in June 2014 right after the budget because, according to party rules, one person cannot hold two offices at the same time. At that time, he was Ameer of Jamaat-e-Islami and Senior Minister in KPK Assembly. 
In 2015, he fought and won the election for senate. He is considered to be a senior member of the Parliament of Pakistan. 
During 2018 general elections, he lost the national assembly seat NA-7 Lower Dir II to his rival candidate, Muhammad Bashir Khan of PTI, by a margin of 16,144 votes and was the runner up. 
Winkler graduated from the University of Manitoba with a Bachelor of Arts in 1912, and a BSA in 1916. He also served in the military as a member of the 11th Canadian Field Ambulance unit in World War I with some duties in France. His father, Valentine Winkler, was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba who was provincial Minister of Agriculture from 1915 to 1920. 
He was first elected to Parliament at the Lisgar riding in the 1935 general election and re-elected there in 1940, 1945 and 1949. Winkler left the House of Commons after completing his fourth and final term of federal office and did not seek re-election in the 1953 election. 
Mansfield Hosiery Mills Cricket Club is an English cricket club based in Sutton-in-Ashfield, Nottinghamshire. The club competes in the Nottinghamshire Cricket Board Premier League, which is an accredited ECB Premier League, gaining promotion to the league in 2004. 
Like most Premier League clubs, Mansfield have employed numerous overseas and English professional cricketers. During 2006, this was Francois du Plessis, the South Africa T20 captain and Test and O.D.I player, and, in 2017, Australian cricketer Dylan Barmby. Current club professional is former Leicestershire player Tom New. 
Pld - Played; W - Won; L - Lost; PF - Points for; PA - Points against; Diff - Difference; Pts - Points. 
This article about a water polo competition in Hungary is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Following Brian's death at the Battle of Clontarf in 1014, the political situation became more complex with rivalry for high kingship from several clans and dynasties. Brian's descendants failed to maintain a unified throne, and regional squabbling over territory led indirectly to the invasion of the Normans under Richard de Clare in 1169. 
The first part of the period from 800 to 1014 is well-studied; the "Viking age" has attracted the interest of historians for quite some time. The period between 1014 and 1169 has received less attention. In the words of Sean Duffy, this period 
A large body of contemporary and near-contemporary material on early medieval Ireland has survived. From the titles of works mentioned in these sources, it is clear that a great deal of additional material has now been lost. The surviving materials usually exist in the form of much later copies, and it is only from comparison of the various texts that the original documents can be reconstructed. 
In addition to the annals, a large number of genealogies survive, along with geographical and legal texts, poetry, sagas and hagiography. 
The wind is fierce tonightit tosses the sea's white maneI do not fear the coursing of a quiet seaby the fierce warriors of Lothlend
The first recorded Viking raid in Irish history occurred in AD 795 when Vikings, possibly from Norway looted the island of Lambay.[note 4] This was followed by a raid on the coast of Brega in 798, and raids on the coast of Connacht in 807. These early Viking raids were generally small in scale and quick. 
Is he Feidhlimidh in ridianid opair oenlaithieitrige Connacht cen cathocus Midhe do manrath (Feidlimid is the kingFor whom a single day's work isTo take the hostages of Connacht without battleAnd to spoil Mide.)
A new and more intensive period of Viking settlement in Ireland began in 914. Between 914 and 922 the Norse established Waterford, Cork, Dublin, Wexford and Limerick.[note 11] Significant excavations in Dublin and Waterford in the 20th century have unearthed much of the Viking heritage of those cities. A large amount of Viking burial stones, called the Rathdown Slabs, have been found in multiple locations across South Dublin. 
There were major reforms in the Irish church during the 12th century. These reforms have been generally interpreted as a reaction to previous secularisation, but could also be seen as a continuous development. The reforms had consequences for, and were influenced by, relations within the church as well as secular politics. 
The Norman invasion of Ireland was a two-stage process, which began on 1 May 1169 when a force of individual Norman knights led by Raymond Fitzgerald landed near Bannow, County Wexford. This was at the request of Dermot MacMurrough (Diarmait Mac Murchada), the ousted King of Leinster who sought their help in regaining his kingdom. 
Then on 18 October 1171, Henry II landed a much bigger force in Waterford to at least ensure his continuing control over the Norman force. In the process he took Dublin and had accepted the fealty of the Irish kings and bishops by 1172, so creating the "Lordship of Ireland", which formed part of his Angevin Empire. 
Corymorpha nutans is found throughout the British Isles and is frequent in suitable habitats in the Northern Atlantic and south to the Mediterranean Sea. 
The waterfall lies in Hakaui Valley. The top of the waterfall is basalt, from which the water spouts as a single jet from its gouged channel. Before reaching the bottom of the fall, the water vaporizes into mist which coats the walls of the canyon, giving them a glossy sheen. 
This biographical article relating to Brazilian athletics is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Basia Kenneth Makepe (born 4 March 1991) is a Mosotho footballer who plays as a centre back for Lesotho Premier League club Lesotho Mounted Police Service FC and the Lesotho national team. 
This biographical article related to Lesotho association football is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
It was a further seven years before WTMW signed on April 3, 1993 as a Home Shopping Network (HSN) affiliate. Barry Diller's Silver King Broadcasting, predecessor to HSN's broadcasting arm, USA Broadcasting, had taken a 45% stake in the station in 1989 in order to keep it afloat. Urban Broadcasting filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy less than two years later, on July 3, 1995. 
WTMW became an affiliate of the American Independent Network, which primarily broadcast reruns of old sitcoms and infomercials, on December 20 of the same year. Without the fixed income from its HSN affiliation, however, Urban Broadcasting filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy again in August 2000. Concurrently in December, Univision Communications bought all of USA Broadcasting's over-the-air stations including its 45% stake in WTMW. 
On April 3, 2014, Katz Broadcasting announced plans to multicast Grit and Escape on WFDC's DT3 and DT4 subchannels. The two networks began broadcasting on August 18, 2014. Escape was replaced by Katz's Bounce TV on September 30, 2017. 
WFDC shut down its analog signal, over UHF channel 14, on June 12, 2009, the official date in which full-power television stations in the United States transitioned from analog to digital broadcasts under federal mandate. The station's digital signal continued to broadcasts on its pre-transition UHF channel 15. Through the use of PSIP, digital television receivers display the station's virtual channel as its former UHF analog channel 14. 
The album's musical style is primarily urban and R&B, in contrast to the pop sounds of Milian's previous albums, a change suggested by Island Def Jam. Following criticism over her previous albums for a lack of consistency, Milian had ten of the album's tracks produced by Cool & Dre. Lyrically, the album was inspired by Milian's breakup with Nick Cannon. So Amazin' was completed within a three-month period, and Milian received writing credit for nine of the album's songs. 
So Amazin' debuted and peaked at number 11 on the Billboard 200, selling 54,000 copies in its first week and 163,000 copies in total. Internationally, the album peaked at number 55 on the Swiss Albums Chart, 67 on the UK Albums Chart, and 139 on the France Albums Chart. The album's lead single, "Say I", featured rapper Young Jeezy and had a music video, directed by Ray Kay. The single peaked at number four in the UK, and number 21 in the United States. 
Cisthene deserta is a moth of the family Erebidae. It was described by Felder in 1868. It is found in North America, where it has been recorded from Utah and California. 
This biographical article about a goalkeeper from Uruguay is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This geographical article about a location in Amasya Province, Turkey is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Fred Scerni (born February 18, 1948) is an American politician who served in the New Jersey General Assembly from the 2nd Legislative District from 1990 to 1992. 
 Robert Balfour, 2nd Lord Balfour of Burleigh (died 18 August 1663) was a Scottish military commander. 
Balfour was son of Sir Robert Arnot of Fernie, chamberlain of Fife. He married Margaret, daughter of Michael Balfour of Burleigh and Margaret, daughter of Lundie of Lundie, and his wife succeeded her father (who was created Lord Balfour of Burleigh on 7 August 1606) as Baroness Balfour of Burleigh. Thereupon, by a letter from King James I, Arnot became Lord Balfour of Burleigh, the second holder of the title. 
His wife died before him (in 1639). They had one son, John, 3rd Lord Balfour of Burleigh, and four daughters. 
This biographical article related to the military of the United Kingdom or its predecessor states is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about a French historian or genealogist is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
David Hicks (born August 1, 1988) is an American professional basketball player, currently a free agent. 
David Hicks was a key member of the 2010 Long Island University, which made it to the 2011 NCAA Basketball Tournament. During his college career Hicks made 123 starts in the backcourt and finished his career with 1,157 points. 
Christian Brassington (born 6 June 1983) is an English actor. He trained at the Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art. 
In 2009, Brassington portrayed a young Boris Johnson in the More4 drama documentary When Boris Met Dave having previously played a young Tony Blair for Channel 4. In November 2013 he appeared in the one-off 50th anniversary comedy homage webcast The Five(ish) Doctors Reboot. 
Gabriel Omar Amato (born 22 October 1970) is an Argentine retired footballer who played as a striker. 
Darbhanga gharana is a gharana, or tradition, of the Hindustani classical music dhrupad thought to have been started in the eighteenth century by Radhakrishna and Kartaram, musicians in the court of the Nawab of Darbhanga. The style is notable for its vocal delivery and energetic performances, as well how the songs are sung after the alap. Notable singers of the Darbhanga gharana include Ram Chatur Mallick, Vidur Mallick and Siyaram Tiwari. 
The tradition was prominent at the start of the twentieth century, but started to decline after India gained its independence. Pandit Siyaram Tiwari's music is considered by many musicians of Darbhanga gharana to have embodied its essence. In 2019 a centenary concert was held in his memory in August 2019 as part of an attempt to revitalise the tradition.  
Darbhanga gharana is based on the Gauhar Vani of dhrupad and is unique in that it has equal balance between the alap, or opening section, and the bandish instead of emphasising the alap as is typical in other dhrupad gharanas. 
Wang Kelian is a village in Perlis, Malaysia located on the Malaysia-Thailand Border. The village was popular with tourists as it was the location of a border market which straddles both sides of the border. However, it has lost it popularity following the discovery of mass graves of the victims of human trafficking in the area in 2015, for which it is now known for. It is also the location of a minor border crossing into Thailand. 
Wang Kelian is located in the northern part of the Malaysian state of Perlis, and is one of the northernmost villages in Peninsular Malaysia. Wang Kelian is located at the foot of the Nakawan Range and is surrounded by hills, with many limestone outcrops. Coming from Kaki Bukit and the rest of Perlis, Road R15 has to climb over a low pass to reach Wang Kelian. 
At the border crossing, Road R15 connects to Route 4184 which joins Route 406, the main road to Satun town. 
The popularity of the market however took a hit as the Malaysian government tightened border crossing procedures following the discovery of mass graves of the victims of human trafficking and illegal transit camps in the nearby jungles in 2015. In  April that year, the Malaysian government stopped the free flow of cross-border visitors as this was reportedly exploited by the human traffickers to bring the victims into Malaysia from Thailand. 
Wang Kelian is also the location of one of two border crossings between Malaysia and Thailand in the state of Perlis, with the other one at Padang Besar. The village across the border from Wang Kelian is Wang Prachan in Khuan Don District, Satun province, Southern Thailand where the immigration checkpoint is located. 
The commissioner of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (French: commissaire de la Gendarmerie royale du Canada) is the professional head of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP). The commissioner exercises control and management of the RCMP under the direction of the minister of public safety. The position is a Governor in Council appointment made on the advice of the prime minister of Canada. 
In addition to his or her role in the management of the RCMP, the commissioner serves as Principal Commander of the Order of Merit of the Police Forces. Under the Firearms Act, the RCMP commissioner also serves as the commissioner of firearms, the chief executive of the Canadian Firearms Program. 
Brenda Lucki is the 24th and current commissioner of the RCMP, taking office on April 16, 2018. She is the first woman to serve in the role on a permanent basis. 
The Canadian monarch is the honorary commissioner-in-chief and Charles, Prince of Wales, is the honorary commissioner of the RCMP. However, neither exercises a substantive role in the operation of the organization. 
There have been 24 commissioners, including two acting commissioners and one interim commissioner, since the founding of the North-West Mounted Police in 1873:  
The present day RCMP National Headquarters building in Ottawa was named in his honour on October 05th, 2011. 
Alexandra Nicoleta Anghel (born 28 June 1997) is a Romanian freestyle wrestler. In 2018, she won one of the bronze medals in the 72 kg event at the 2018 European Wrestling Championships held in Kaspiysk, Russia. 
In 2019, she lost the bronze medal match in the 72 kg event at the 2019 European Wrestling Championships held in Bucharest, Romania. In the same year, she also competed in the 72 kg event at the 2019 World Wrestling Championships where she lost her first match against Natalia Vorobieva. In the repechage she was eliminated from the competition by Masako Furuichi of Japan. 
This biographical article relating to a Romanian sport wrestler or wrestling coach is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Latvia competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain.  It was the first time since 1936 that the nation had competed as an independent country at the Summer Olympic Games.  Latvian athletes competed for the Soviet Union (USSR) from 1952 to 1988. 34 competitors, 25 men and 9 women, took part in 31 events in 13 sports. 
Tullimbar is a suburb situated in the Macquarie Valley in the City of Shellharbour, New South Wales, Australia. 
A Post Office was established at Tullimbar in 1872. A school was opened at Tullimbar on 31 October 1881. 
K. C. Reddy Ministry was the Council of Ministers in Mysore, a state in South India headed by K. Chengalaraya Reddy of the Indian National Congress. 
The ministry had multiple  ministers including the Chief Minister of Mysore. All ministers belonged to the Indian National Congress. 
Mysore became a Part-B state of the union because Maharaja of Mysore issued a proclamation on this regard on 25 November 1949. 