This biographical article relating to a South Korean cycling figure is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Hodson Trust Scholarship is a four-year merit-based scholarship offered to roughly 20 incoming freshmen at Johns Hopkins University each year from a pool of over 30,000 applicants.  
The scholarship is funded by the Hodson Trust, which also heavily donates to Johns Hopkins University and funds scholarships for other Maryland schools. The Hodson Trust has given the university nearly $90 million since 1958. 
Describing the value of the Trust, Bill Conley, the Dean of Enrollment and Services for Johns Hopkins University, has said: 
This article relating to education in the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Eternity is the third full-length album by the German power metal band Freedom Call. It was released on June 3, 2002, by Steamhammer. 
Karen E. Taylor was born and raised in the Pittsburgh suburbs. A graduate of Churchill area High School and later of Grove City College, her first love was the theater, but now she admits that writing is better; "You get to write all the lines and play all the parts." She currently resides outside of Los Angeles with her husband and pets.  
James Patrick McNamara (born June 10, 1965) is a former professional baseball player. He played parts of two seasons in Major League Baseball as a catcher for the San Francisco Giants in 1992-93. 
For the 1990 season, McNamara played for San Jose, Phoenix and the Shreveport Captains. Combined, he played in 87 games, collecting 60 hits in 257 at-bats for a .233 batting average. In 1991, McNamara played for Shreveport and Phoenix, hitting a combined .241 in 58 games. 
Although he never managed to hit above .250 in a minor league season, he still managed to make it to the major leagues. He made his big league debut on April 9, 1992. He had only one at-bat in that game, grounding out against Ben Rivera. He hit .216 with one home run and nine RBI in his first big league season. In 74 at-bats, he struck out 25 times while walking only six times. He also spent some time with Phoenix in 1992, hitting .209 in 67 at-bats. 
He was granted free agency in October 1992 and signed by the Florida Marlins. However, the Giants drafted him in the Rule 5 draft in December of that year. 
McNamara spent most of his 1993 season with Phoenix, where he hit .196 in 158 at-bats. He appeared in four major league games that year, collecting one hit in seven at-bats for a .143 batting average. He played his final big league game against the Los Angeles Dodgers on July 28, 1993. He was granted free agency by the Giants in October 1993. He was signed as a free agent by the Texas Rangers in November of that year. 
For the Oklahoma City 89ers in 1994, McNamara hit .239 in 138 at-bats. He wound up in the New York Yankees organization, playing in 27 games for the Columbus Clippers, hitting .130. 1994 was his final professional season. 
Overall, McNamara hit .210 with one home run and 10 RBI in 81 major league at-bats. In 1998 minor league at bats, he hit .223. 
Jim has a son James and a daughter Elisabeth.[citation needed] He is married to Christina Wofford McNamara. Jim is the youngest out of 9 
Alfred Booth and Company was a British trading and shipping company that was founded in 1866 and traded for more than a century. It was founded in Liverpool, England, by two brothers, Alfred and Charles Booth. It grew into a significant merchant shipping company with its head office in Liverpool and interests in the United States and South America. The group was broken up in 1964 and the last Booth company from the group was sold in 1986. 
In 1863 the Booth brothers founded a partnership, Alfred Booth and Company, to export English light leather to the USA, which was in the midst of its civil war. The company had headquarters in Liverpool and a US office in New York City. 
After John Boyd Dunlop patented the pneumatic tyre in 1888, the trade in natural rubber from Brazil increased, and by 1900 Booth's had 14 ships. Booths had competitors on the Brazilian route including the Red Cross Iquitos Steamship Co, which operated up the Amazon to Iquitos in Peru, and the Maranham Steamship Co. In 1901 Red Cross's founder, Robert Singlehurst, retired and his company merged with Booths to form the Booth Steamship Co (1901) Ltd. 
Booths' fleet developed to include substantial passenger liners. In 1903 the company started carrying tourists to and from Lisbon and Madeira. 
Alfred Booth & Co diversified into civil engineering, and in 1919 it bought the Unit Construction Company from Crittall.[citation needed] Booths lost one ship in peacetime between the two World Wars, when the Gregory ran aground and was wrecked. The company introduced passenger cruises, advertising "1,000 miles up the Amazon" 
Despite losing nine ships in the First World War, Booth did not buy any ships for the first nine years after the 1918 Armistice. In 1927 Booth bought a second-hand German ship that it renamed Dominic. Between 1928 and 1935 it renewed part of its fleet with seven new ships and one second-hand one, Dunstan. 
After the war the company again modernised with new ships, and from 1955 it diversified its naming policy with Spanish names as well as early church ones. In 1957 Booths again suffered a peacetime loss, when the liner Hildebrand ran aground. 
In 1964 after a Booth family split the leather business was separated as Booth and Company (International) Ltd.[citation needed] It was made a public company in 1974 and bought by Garnar-Scotblair in 1981.[citation needed] In that period the Managing Director was John Sebastian Macaulay Booth, a grandson of co-founder Charles Booth.[citation needed] 
Alfred Booth & Co was sold in 1986 to the construction company Mowlem.[citation needed]; the chairman at the time of its sale[which?] was Richard Amis CBE, a grandson of Alfred Allen Booth.[citation needed] 
Alfred Allen Booth was a director of Cunard Steamship Co, was made a baronet in 1916 and died in 1948. The baronetcy passed to his eldest son, the television director and producer Sir Philip Booth, 2nd Baronet. He died in 1960 and was succeeded by his son Sir Douglas Allen Booth, 3rd Baronet, a television producer and writer living in New York City. His heir presumptive is Derek Booth, a hydrogeologist. 
Maguire was born in Newport News, Virginia and as a teenager, worked as a madrigal singer and costumed character in Williamsburg, Virginia before going on to study opera at the Oberlin Conservatory and the University of Toronto. After finishing her studies, she went on to a 23-year international career singing over thirty soprano and mezzo-soprano leading roles. In 1996, she toured extensively throughout the Netherlands, singing the lead contralto role in Gluck's Orfeo ed Euridice. 
She has recorded on the Collins Classics and Deutsche Grammophon Archiv labels and recorded over eighty live vocal broadcasts of major works on radio stations CBC, BBC, NPR and others. 
In 2004, she relocated from Toronto to Washington DC where she has sung in numerous performances at the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, including Rossini's Stabat Mater, Beethoven's Symphony No. 9, Mahler's Symphony of a Thousand, Bach's cantata Gott der Herr ist Sonn und Schild, BWV 79, Amy Beach's Canticle of the Sun, and most recently, Mendlessohn's Elijah and Handel's Messiah during the 2008-2009 season. 
Arian Award, Metropolitan Opera Finalist, Juno Award (1993), Cardiff Singer of the World contestant representing Canada (1987) 
Personality style has been defined as "an individual's relatively consistent inclinations and preferences across contexts." 
Personality can be defined as a dynamic and organized set of personal traits and patterns of behavior. "Personality includes attitudes, modes of thought, feelings, impulses, strivings, actions, responses to opportunity and stress and everyday modes of interacting with others." Personality style is apparent "when these elements of personality are expressed in a characteristically repeated and dynamic combination." 
The origin of personality style is in some combination of genetic inheritance and environmental influence. 
The concept of personality style is broader than and includes the concepts of "personality traits", "personality type", and "temperament", or as a classification of type as with the Holland Codes. 
"Personality styles should be recognized as constructed approximations of human experience" and should be arrayed on a continuum rather than be reified or totalized. One should be vigilant to deconstruct the uses of personality style in favor of an ongoing reflexivity about the use and misuse of such labels. 
McAuliffe, Eriksen and Kress contrast personality style theory with stage theory. Style "represents long-term constructive preferences whereas stage represents current constructive capacity." Also, "style is relatively long-term and consistent over time, whereas stage tendencies are mutable..." 
Personality style assessment can help individuals and practitioners appreciate human diversity, or, in the words of Isabel Briggs Myers, respect "gifts differing". 
"The range of normal variation in styles can explain much human behavior without reference to notions of pathology." Personality disorders can be reconceptualized as being on a continuum, with one end being a more adaptive inclination. And style assessment can also complement the search for personality disorder. 
Specific personality style theories that might be useful include Costa and McCrae's NEO PI-R personality inventory, Holland's person-environment matching theory, Isabel Briggs Myers' personality type indicator theory,  Oldham and Morris' derivation of personality styles from DSM personality disorders, and Ivey's reconceptualization of the DSM personality disorders as a continuum of personality styles. 
This biographical article relating to Jamaican cricket is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Indo-Guyanese relations refer to the current and historical relationship between Guyana and India. Both countries were once part of the British Empire. There are approximately 327,000 Guyanese citizens who are of Indian descent. Indo-Guyanese make up the largest ethnic group in Guyana. 
Relations between India and Guyana ever since the independence of Guyana in May 1966 have been cordial. The cordiality in the relation remains unaffected with changes in governments either in India or in Guyana. Late Shrimati Indira Gandhi, the then Prime Minister of India, visited Guyana in 1968, late Dr. Shankar Dayal Sharma, the then Vice President of India visited Guyana in 1988 and Shri Bhairon Singh Shekhawat, the then Vice President of India came on a state visit to Guyana in 2006. 
The cooperation between the two countries in sharing developmental experience is mainly routed through Indian Technical & Economic Cooperation (ITEC) under which forty scholarships are granted every year in various courses. Besides, some experts are also deputed to Guyana from time to time on request in specified areas of activity. Several other scholarships are also available to Guyanese to pursue long-term courses, to get acquainted with India and to learn Hindi language in India. 
India has offered credit facilities to Guyana for use in mutually agreed fields, agriculture and information technology, being two of these. Indian companies have also expressed interest in bio fuel, energy, minerals and pharmaceuticals. Total trade turn over remains low, though the trend is positive. 
 An important cultural connection between India and Guyana is cricket. With the advent of the Indian Premier League, many Guyanese players were contracted to play in India.
Jane Duke is an Australian diplomat who was their Ambassador to ASEAN, beginning in August 2016, and was appointed Australian Consul-General Los Angeles in August 2020. 
Duke earned a Bachelor of Arts in Asian Studies and a Bachelor of Laws from the Australian National University and a Graduate Diploma in Legal Practice from the University of Technology Sydney. 
Duke was an immigration counsellor with Australia's Permanent Mission to the United Nations from 2005 to 2008. She was Australia's Deputy High Commissioner to Malaysia from 2011 to 2014. Between postings she worked at the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade in Canberra. 
The Federal Institute for Sustainable Development (FISD) assists the Belgian Federal Government in the preparation and enforcement of policy decisions related to sustainable development. 
The history of the ESDN goes back to 1654, when public administrators from several EU Member States, in charge of national sustainable development (SD) strategies, met for the first time to exchange their experiences in the Netherlands. Since then, annual conferences have taken place across Europe. 
With the Vienna meeting in 2003, the target group of the conferences was broadened considerably. Besides the co-coordinators of national SD strategies and the national coordinators of EU environmental integration and SD policies, experts from the European Commission, representatives from various National Councils for Sustainable Development, and national members of the SD Working Group of the European Environment and Sustainable Development Advisory Councils (EESDAC) have joined the meetings. 
The FISD is divided into three units, who implement the service's key activities under the guidance of an editor: 
The FISD was created by a Royal Decree on 21 February 2014 (recorded in the Belgian Official Journal on 10 March 2014). It is the successor organization to Public Service for Programming Sustainable Development, set up to meet Belgian commitments given during the World Summit on Sustainable Development in Johannesburg, South Africa in 2002. 
Operationally, while having the status of a separate service, the FISD is attached to the Federal Public Service for the Chancellery of the Prime Minister; consequently, having its own budget and enjoying the operational support (primarily for staff administration, ICT and the budget) of the Chancellery. 
In early systems, the primary product was cellulose fibres. This comprises the putrescible (rottable), cellulose and lignin elements of the waste stream. The fibres can be fed into anaerobic digesters to reduce the biodegradability of the waste and to produce biogas. Alternatively the fibre could be used as biofuel. 
Some systems claim to wash out hydrolysed hemicellulose sugars and most of the protein as water-solubles.  The remaining materials, after simple physical separation (trommel screen) has several valuable uses.  One system claims to be able to dry the cellulose during processing using heat, and another system is able to dry the cellulose (much more economically) using pressure and steam kinetics. 
After fibre separation, the secondary streams consist of mixed plastics, which have normally been softened and deformed which eases separation, a glass and aggregate stream, separate ferrous and non-ferrous metals. The heat, steam and rotating action of the autoclave vessel strip off labels and glues from food cans leaving a very high quality ferrous/non-ferrous stream for recycling. 
With the removal of water, fibre, metals, and much of the plastics, the residual waste stream for disposal may be less than 10% by weight of the original stream, and is essentially devoid of materials that decompose to produce methane.  Systems in Europe meet and exceed all of the European waste treatment and recycling requirements. 
The full process of loading, treatment and sorting is typically completed within 90 minutes.  In a typical batch-type configuration, 2 10-ton units operating side by side would treat 440 tons per day with time for preventative maintenance.  Continuous flow systems are modular and are specifically designed to match the necessary capacity. 
The size of the vessel varies between vendors.  Experience shows that "small" vessels are not productive enough; while if the vessel is too large, the heavy weight of the vessel may cause equipment failures. 
The Wakefield Project is being completed by the Shanks Group PLC, UK, a successor to the Babcock group. 
Because of Estech's lead in the field, images of its autoclaves have been used by other companies in their advertisements.  While Estech actively exercises its proprietary rights, those who contemplate systems promised on the basis of Estech's images should be aware that valid offerers would be showing their own images. 
Manuel Meli (born 25 March 1995) is an Italian voice actor. Meli contributes to voicing characters in cartoons, anime, movies, and sitcoms. 
Meli was born in Rome. He is known for providing the voice of Phineas Flynn in the Italian-language version of the Disney Channel original animated series Phineas and Ferb. He is also well known for voicing Cody Martin in the Italian-language versions of The Suite Life of Zack & Cody and The Suite Life on Deck 
A polyquinane polycyclic compound consisting of fused five-membered hydrocarbon rings. If the compound is unsaturated instead of saturated, it is called a polyquinene. The simplest polyquinane is the bicyclic compound bicyclo[3.3.0]octane. Other members are triquinacene and dodecahedrane. 
 Richard Rampton QC (born 8 January 1941) is a British libel lawyer. He has been involved in several high-profile cases including Irving v. Penguin Books and Lipstadt, where he defended Deborah Lipstadt and Penguin Books against David Irving. 
Rampton was born on 8 January 1941, the eldest son of businessman and philanthropist Tony Rampton and his wife Joan. He was educated at Bryanston School and The Queen's College, Oxford. 
Richard Rampton was called to the Bar in November 1965 (Inner Temple) and was appointed a QC (Queen's Counsel) in 1987. 
In Irving v. Penguin Books and Lipstadt, he represented Deborah Lipstadt and her publisher against false accusations of libel after she said that Irving was a Holocaust denier in her book Denying the Holocaust (1993). He also represented McDonald's in the McLibel case, where the company sued two members of the London Greenpeace environmental campaigning group. 
This United Kingdom law-related biographical article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Players are eligible for the Hall of Fame if they have played at least 10 major league seasons, have been either retired for five seasons or deceased for six months, and have not been banned from MLB. These requirements leave 6 living players ineligible who have played in the past 5 seasons; 5 players (Bill Joyce, Ferris Fain, Jake Stenzel, Bill Lange, and George Selkirk) who did not play 10 seasons in MLB; and Shoeless Joe Jackson, who was banned for his role in the Black Sox Scandal. 
Brett Greenwood (born September 14, 1987)  is a former defensive back for the Iowa Hawkeyes college football team. 
Greenwood was a walk-on freshman for the team, starting for the Hawkeyes for three seasons. He was a member of the NFL's Pittsburgh Steelers pre-season squad in 2011 and was cut prior to the season's start. 
For the Iowa Hawkeye football game on September 24, 2011, against Louisiana-Monroe, attending fans were encouraged to wear green for a "green-out", in honor of the former standout. 
The Brett Greenwood Foundation has been established to provide a donation fund that will be used to support the University of Iowa Hospitals and Clinics, as well as Iowa's athletics department in the form of an endowed scholarship in Brett's name. 
The Iowa Hawkeyes named Brett Greenwood the honorary captain during the September 19th, 2015 football game against the Pittsburgh Panthers, as he continues to recover from this traumatic injury. 
Buwalda grew up in the village of Blerick and was one of the founders of the Dutch literary magazine Wah-Wah. He wrote essays and stories for multiple magazines, and gained recognition after writing an essay titled "A diversion because of potholes. Bruno Schulz, Franz Kafka, and Leopold von Sacher-Masoch" (original Dutch title: "Een omleiding wegens kuilen. Bruno Schulz, Franz Kafka, en Leopold von Sacher-Masoch"), which appeared in De Gids. Buwalda was editor of Kafka-Katern at the time. 
According to Sufi writings, devils struggle against the noble angels in the realm of the imaginal (alam al mithal) over the human mind, consisting of both angelic and devilish qualities. Some writers describe the devils as expressions of God's fierce attributes and actions. 
The devils make up one of three classes of supernatural creatures in Islamic theology. But since they are invisible, like the jinn, some scholars put them merely under one category of the supernatural. However, the prevailing opinion among the mufassirs distinguish between the jinn and devils as following: 
The devils are beings of hell-fire, and although their origin is not mentioned in the Quran (similar to the angels), Islamic scholars repeatedly asserted the idea that the devils have been created from either smoke or the hell-fire itself. Their exact origin is also up to interpretation. Different ideas have been proposed: 
Comparable to demons or devils in Christian theology, devils are incapable of good and limited to "evil". Abu Mufti writes in his commentary of Abu Hanifa's "al-Fiqh al-absat" that all angels, except with Harut and Marut, are obedient. But all devils, except Ham ibn Him Ibn Laqis Ibn Iblis, are created evil. Only humans and jinn are created with Fitra, meaning both angels and devils lack free-will and are settled in opposition. 
Following the cosmology of Wahdat al-Wujud, Haydar Amuli specifies that angels reflect God's names of light and beauty, while the devils God's attributes of "Majesty", "The Haughty" and "Domineering". 
Torbeno or Turbino was the eldest son and successor of Orzocorre I as Judge of Arborea from about 1100 until his death.  
His mother was Nivata or Nibatta or Nivatora. Torbeno himself married Anna de Lacon and was the father of Orzocorre II, who succeeded him.  
Torbeno's charters are subscribed by the curators of Oristano, Valenza, Milis, Fortoriani (Fordongianos), and Usellus. The curator of Valenza was Comita of the powerful Lacon family to which Torbeno was related by marriage. The family was the most powerful in Sardinia at the time. 
Modi won the Femina Look of the Year in 1999 and was awarded 'Miss Talented' at the Elite Model Look '99 in France. 
Modi is the founder of the Punyakarma Foundation, an NGO which works for the development of under-privileged children. She has been a panelist at the Mrs. India International since 2016.[citation needed] 
Rayan Philippe (born 23 October 2000) is a French professional footballer who plays as a forward for Luxembourger club Swift Hesperange. 
This biographical article related to association football in France, about a forward born in the 2000s, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Nicholas Everitt (born 21 October 1943) is an English philosopher and atheist writer who specializes in epistemology and philosophy of religion. 
Everitt is an atheist and his best known work is The Non-Existence of God, published by Routledge in 2003. Everitt argues that the divine attributes of God (omniscience, omnipotence, omnipresence, omnibenevolence) in traditional theism are individually self-contradictory or cannot be co-instantiated. The book contains criticisms of all the standard theistic arguments (cosmological, ontological, moral, teleological). It was positively reviewed in academic journals. 
Medusa is a hamlet in the Town of Rensselaerville, in Albany County, New York, United States. The population was 376 at the 2000 census, which listed the community as a census-designated place (CDP), but it was not included as a CDP in the 2010 census. 
First settled in 1786 by Uriah Hall and his son Joshua,  Medusa's first name was Hall's Mills after those first settlers.  In 1850, the name of the village was changed to Medusa, at that time the village contained a Methodist Episcopal and a "Christian" Church, a hotel, two stores, two mills for grain, turning works, an evaporator, paper mill, carpenter's shop, and two Blacksmith's shops. 
There were 147 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.9% were married couples living together, 4.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.6% were non-families. 21.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.04. 
In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 25.5% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 25.8% from 25 to 44, 26.9% from 45 to 64, and 16.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.9 males. 
The median income for a household in the CDP was $44,688, and the median income for a family was $50,000. Males had a median income of $35,833 versus $28,750 for females. The per capita income for the CDP was $19,716. About 4.6% of families and 6.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 10.4% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over. 
Farsara is the area of Dalkhola Municipality in Ward no.9 and 16. in Uttar Dinajpur District West Bengal 
Farasara lies on the border of Bihar and Bengal. Before 2000, it looked like a village, but by 2010, it had developed into a commercial center. 
A tempo stand was established in 2005. It provides transport to the nearby gram panchayats in Bihar. And here roads name is NH.34-2 some time later it will meet to Barsoi  in Katihar district. 
The Americas are not included, as Columbus returned to Spain no sooner than March 1493. The globe shows an enlarged Eurasian continent and an empty ocean between Europe and Asia. The mythical Saint Brendan's Island is included. Cipangu (Japan) is oversized and well south of its true position; Martellus's map is followed in developing an enormous phantom peninsula east of the Golden Chersonese (Malaysia). 
From its creation until early in the 16th century, it stood in a reception room in the Nuremberg town hall. After that time, it was held by the Behaim family. In 1907, it was transferred to the Germanic Museum in Nuremberg. In 1992, it was moved for some time to the Vienna University of Technology, to be studied at high resolution by the Behaim Digital Globe Project. In 2011, a second digitalization by the German National Museum began. 
Terrestrial globes are known to have been made from antiquity, such as The Globe of Crates. None are known to have survived, even as fragments. A celestial globe, the Farnese Atlas, has survived from the second century AD. 
 Will Cozens is a British radio presenter and DJ currently employed by Global Radio as a presenter on Capital & Capital London 
Cozens was spotted by the Bauer Radio owned Kiss 100, after featuring on Channel 4's Soundclash, originally he presented weekends and early breakfast and later also evenings on Kiss 101 and Kiss 105-108. He has interviewed Chipmunk, Chris Brown, Estelle, Tinie Tempah and more at Kiss 100. 
He obtained a Law Degree at University making sure he specialised in entertainment law, specifically including defamation, slander, libel and even Ofcom. 
This British biographical article related to radio is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This biographical article relating to Dutch rowing is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Over his career Fedotenkov has been awarded the Order of Courage and the Order "For Service to the Homeland in the Armed Forces of the USSR" Third Class. He is married, with a son. 
The 1986 Knowsley North by-election was a parliamentary by-election held on 13 November 1986 for the British House of Commons constituency of Knowsley North. 
The Labour Party retained the seat with just over half of the votes, while the SDP-Liberal Alliance surged to achieve more than a third of the vote. The constituency had some of the highest levels of unemployment in the United Kingdom. 
There was a 14% swing from Labour to the Alliance, continuing a trend in by-elections, with the local Militant Tendency harming the Labour vote in by-elections on Merseyside (see especially Liverpool Walton). 
The seat had become vacant on 1 October 1986. The constituency's Labour Member of Parliament (MP), Robert Kilroy-Silk, resigned his seat to pursue a media career. He did this by being appointed Steward of the Manor of Northstead, a notional office of profit under the Crown, which is used to permit MPs to vacate their seats. 
Kilroy-Silk had been an MP since the February 1974 general election, originally sitting for Ormskirk. That seat disappeared in a redistribution, and he moved to the new constituency of Knowsley North in 1983. 
He returned to politics in 2004, becoming a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) for the East Midlands, initially representing the United Kingdom Independence Party. 
Six candidates were nominated. The list below is set out in descending order of the number of votes received at the by-election. 
1. Representing the Labour Party was George Howarth. He was Chief Executive of the Wales Trades Union Congress Centre in Cardiff, and had been deputy leader of Knowsley Metropolitan Borough Council from 1982 to 1983. 
He has been a Labour Member of Parliament since the 1986 by-election, originally for Knowsley North until 1997, then for its replacement Knowsley North and Sefton East, and since 2010 for Knowsley. 
2. The Liberal Party candidate, representing the SDP-Liberal Alliance, was Rosie Cooper. She had been a member of Liverpool City Council since 1973, and worked as a junior executive at Littlewoods. Cooper had contested the seat of Liverpool Garston at the 1983 general election. She has represented West Lancashire since 2005, having joined the Labour Party in 1999. 
3. The Conservative candidate was Roger Brown, a barrister born in 1951. He was a member of Bury Metropolitan Borough Council from 1982 until 1986. 
4. David Hallsworth stood for election as a candidate of the Revolutionary Communist Party led by Frank Furedi. 
5. George Weiss, a frequent election candidate, was an Independent using the ballot paper label "Rainbow Alliance Captain Rainbows Universal Party". 
Note a Change is calculated from the SDP candidate who represented the SDP-Liberal Alliance at the 1983 general election. 
Ubiquitin fusion degradation protein 1 homolog is a protein that in humans is encoded by the UFD1L gene. 
The protein encoded by this gene forms a complex with two other proteins, NPL4 and VCP, that is necessary for the degradation of ubiquitinated proteins. In addition, this complex controls the disassembly of the mitotic spindle and the formation of a closed nuclear envelope after mitosis. Mutations in this gene have been associated with Catch 22 syndrome as well as cardiac and craniofacial defects. Alternative splicing results in multiple transcript variants encoding different isoforms. 
Gastroplakaeis rubroanalis is a moth species in the family of Lasiocampidae found in Cameroon and Gabon. 
This article on a moth of the family Lasiocampidae is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Goichi Suda was born in the city of Ueda in Japan's Nagano Prefecture on January 2, 1968, and lived in the region until moving to Tokyo when he was eighteen. Suda has spoken little of his early life, but he did not have a good relationship with his family, and disliked living in Nagano despite its natural beauty. He wished to design video games from an early age. 
While working at Human Entertainment, Suda would often listen to the song "Grasshopper" by the UK band Ride (band) while lying down at his desk. This would later influence the name of his company Grasshopper Manufacture, as he named it that to remind himself of what it was like to create his first game. 
Bernard received oaths of fidelity from Ermengard's vassals and the leading men of Narbonne. The text of just one such oath has survived, that of Bernard of Porta Regia, but it refers to several others, now lost. By the marriage contract, he was excluded from the Narbonnese succession. He does not appear in Narbonnese affairs again, and it is probable that the marriage was arranged solely to render Ermengard ineligible for future marriage. 
In 1148, alongside the count of Barcelona, Bernard took part in the Siege of Tortosa, part of the Second Crusade. His brother, Peter of Anduze became the archbishop of Narbonne in 1149. He witnessed the marriage of William VII of Montpellier and Matilda of Burgundy in 1157. 
This is a list of women writers who were born in Russia or whose writings are closely associated with that country. 
The Speaker of the Connecticut House of Representatives is the presiding officer of the Connecticut House of Representatives. 
The sport of association football in the country of Grenada is run by the Grenada Football Association. The association administers the national football team, as well as the Grenada Premier Division. 
He also treated people in intensive care diagnosed with COVID-19, despite lacking personal protective equipment, which increased his personal risk. 
Riaz died on 23 March 2020, from COVID-19 complications at the age of 26. Riaz was the first Pakistani doctor to die from the virus. 
On 27 March 2020, he was posthumously awarded the Nishan-e-Kashmir, the highest award of the state, by Prime Minister of Azad Kashmir for his services. Hafiz Hafeezur Rehman, Chief Minister of Gilgit-Baltistan called his death a "national tragedy". 
This biographical article related to medicine in Pakistan is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
He partnered with Graham Dawbarn and in 1924 they provided the winning design for classroom and administrative structures of Raffles College in Singapore. From 1947 he partnered with son Michael Farey and John J Adams.[citation needed] 
She is married to the American essayist Lance Morrow. They live on a farm in Columbia County, New York. 
This Armstrong County, Pennsylvania state location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
It combined modern styles with fine craftsmanship and rich materials. During its heyday, it represented luxury, glamour, exuberance, and faith in social and technological progress. 
Lady with Panther by George Barbier for Louis Cartier, 1914. Display card commissioned by Cartier shows a woman in a Paul Poiret gown (1914) 
Other new technologies that were important to Art Deco were new methods in producing plate glass, which was less expensive and allowed much larger and stronger windows, and for mass-producing aluminum, which was used for building and window frames and later, by Corbusier, Warren McArthur, and others, for lightweight furniture. 
Raymond Duchamp-Villon, 1912, La Maison Cubiste (Cubist House) at the Salon d'Automne, 1912, detail of the entrance 
In 1912, the artists of the Section d'Or exhibited works considerably more accessible to the general public than the analytical Cubism of Picasso and Braque. The Cubist vocabulary was poised to attract fashion, furniture and interior designers. 
Cubism's adumbrated geometry became coin of the realm in the 1920s. Art Deco's development of Cubism's selective geometry into a wider array of shapes carried Cubism as a pictorial taxonomy to a much broader audience and wider appeal. (Richard Harrison Martin, Metropolitan Museum of Art)
The exoticism of the Ballets Russes had a strong influence on early Deco. A drawing of the dancer Vaslav Nijinsky by Paris fashion artist Georges Barbier (1913) 
Illustration by Georges Barbier of a gown by Paquin (1914). Stylized floral designs and bright colors were a feature of early Art Deco. 
Lobby of 450 Sutter Street, San Francisco, California, by Timothy Pflueger (1929), inspired by ancient Maya art 
The gilded bronze Prometheus at Rockefeller Center, New York City, N.Y., by Paul Manship (1934), a stylized Art Deco update of classical sculpture (1936) 
A ceramic vase inspired by motifs of traditional African carved wood sculpture, by Emile Lenoble (1937), Museum of Decorative Arts, Paris 
Glass Salon (Le salon de verre) designed by Paul Ruaud with furniture by Eileen Gray, for Madame Mathieu-Levy (milliner of the boutique J. Suzanne Talbot), 9, rue de Lota, Paris, 1922 (published in L'Illustration, 27 May 1933) 
By the 1930s, the style had been somewhat simplified, but it was still extravagant. In 1932 the decorator Paul Ruoud made the Glass Salon for Suzanne Talbot. It featured a serpentine armchair and two tubular armchairs by Eileen Gray, a floor of mat silvered glass slabs, a panel of abstract patterns in silver and black lacquer, and an assortment of animal skins. 
Postcard of the International Exhibition of Modern Decorative and Industrial Arts in Paris, France (1925) 
Crown of the General Electric Building (also known as 570 Lexington Avenue), New York City, by Cross & Cross (1933) 
Stairway of the Economic and Social Council in Paris, originally the Museum of Public Works, built for the 1937 Paris International Exposition, by Auguste Perret (1937) 
High School in King City, California, built by Robert Stanton for the Works Progress Administration (1939) 
Detail of Time, ceiling mural in lobby of Rockefeller Center (New York City, N.Y.), by the Spanish painter Josep Maria Sert (1941) 
Workers sorting the mail, a mural in the Ariel Rios Federal Building, Washington, D.C, by Reginald Marsh (1936) 
Art in the Tropics, mural in the William Jefferson Clinton Federal Building, Washington, D.C., by Rockwell Kent (1938) 
Aluminum statue of Ceres by John Storrs atop the Chicago Board of Trade Building, Chicago, Illinois (1930) 
The gilded bronze Prometheus at the Rockefeller Center (New York City, N.Y.), by Paul Manship (1934), a stylized Art Deco update of classical sculpture (1936) 
Man Controlling Trade by Michael Lantz at the Federal Trade Commission building, Washington, D.C. (1942) 
Mail Delivery East, by Edmond Amateis, one of four bas-relief sculptures on the Nix Federal Building, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania (1937) 
Ralph Stackpole's sculpture group over the door of the San Francisco Stock Exchange, San Francisco, California (1930) 
Public art deco sculpture was almost always representational, usually of heroic or allegorical figures related to the purpose of the building or room. The themes were usually selected by the patrons, not the artist. Abstract sculpture for decoration was extremely rare. 
In the United States, the most prominent Art Deco sculptor for public art was Paul Manship, who updated classical and mythological subjects and themes in an Art Deco style. His most famous work was the statue of Prometheus at Rockefeller Center in New York City, a 20th-century adaptation of a classical subject. Other important works for Rockefeller Center were made by Lee Lawrie, including the sculptural facade and the Atlas statue. 
In Britain, Deco public statuary was made by Eric Gill for the BBC Broadcasting House, while Ronald Atkinson decorated the lobby of the former Daily Express Building in London (1932). 
One of the best known and certainly the largest public Art Deco sculpture is the Christ the Redeemer by the French sculptor Paul Landowski, completed between 1922 and 1931, located on a mountain top overlooking Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. 
The Flight of Europa, bronze with gold leaf, by Paul Manship (1925) (Whitney Museum of American Art, New York City, N.Y.) 
Many early Art Deco sculptures were small, designed to decorate salons. One genre of this sculpture was called the Chryselephantine statuette, named for a style of ancient Greek temple statues made of gold and ivory. They were sometimes made of bronze, or sometimes with much more lavish materials, such as ivory, onyx, alabaster, and gold leaf. 
Pierre Le Paguays was a prominent Art Deco studio sculptor, whose work was shown at the 1925 Exposition. He worked with bronze, marble, ivory, onyx, gold, alabaster and other precious materials. 
In the 1930s a new genre of posters appeared in the United States during the Great Depression. The Federal Art Project hired American artists to create posters to promote tourism and cultural events. 
The ASIROM Building on Bulevardul Carol I in Bucharest, by Ion Ionescu, with a few small Egyptian Revival ornaments (1930s) 
The Art Deco style was not limited to buildings on land; the ocean liner SS Normandie, whose first voyage was in 1935, featured Art Deco design, including a dining room whose ceiling and decoration were made of glass by Lalique. 
Ceiling and chandelier detail on the lobby of the Carew Tower in Cincinnati, Ohio, by Walter W. Ahlschlager (1930) 
The Marine Air Terminal at La Guardia Airport (1937) was New York City's terminal for the flights of Pan Am Clipper flying boats to Europe 
Streamline Moderne church, First Church of Deliverance in Chicago, Illinois, by Walter T. Bailey (1939). Towers added in 1948. 
The Waterfall style was popular in the 1930s and 1940s, the most prevalent Art Deco form of furniture at the time. Pieces were typically of plywood finished with blond veneer and with rounded edges, resembling a waterfall. 
New industrial materials began to influence the design of cars and household objects. These included aluminum, chrome, and bakelite, an early form of plastic. Bakelite could be easily molded into different forms, and soon was used in telephones, radios and other appliances. 
The use of the style was greatly enhanced by the introduction of the pochoir stencil-based printing system, which allowed designers to achieve crispness of lines and very vivid colors. Art Deco forms appeared in the clothing of Paul Poiret, Charles Worth and Jean Patou. After World War I, exports of clothing and fabrics became one of the most important currency earners of France. 
Late Art Deco wallpaper and textiles sometimes featured stylized industrial scenes, cityscapes, locomotives and other modern themes, as well as stylized female figures, metallic colors and geometric designs. 
Mackay Emerald Necklace, emerald, diamond and platinum, by Cartier (1930) (Smithsonian National Museum of Natural History, USA) 
Jewelry became much more colorful and varied in style. Cartier and the firm of Boucheron combined diamonds with colorful other gemstones cut into the form of leaves, fruit or flowers, to make brooches, rings, earrings, clips and pendants. Far Eastern themes also became popular; plaques of jade and coral were combined with platinum and diamonds, and vanity cases, cigarette cases and powder boxes were decorated with Japanese and Chinese landscapes made with mother of pearl, enamel and lacquer. 
Other notable Art Deco glass manufacturers included Marius-Ernest Sabino, who specialized in figurines, vases, bowls, and glass sculptures of fish, nudes, and animals. For these he often used an opalescent glass which could change from white to blue to amber, depending upon the light. His vases and bowls featured molded friezes of animals, nudes or busts of women with fruit or flowers. His work was less subtle but more colorful than that of Lalique. 
Amiens Cathedral has a rare example of Art Deco stained glass windows in the Chapel of the Sacred Heart, made in 1932-34 by the Paris glass artist Jean Gaudin based on drawings by Jacques Le Breton. 
A grill with two wings called The Pheasants, made by Paul Kiss and displayed at the 1925 Exposition of Decorative and Industrial Arts 
Art Deco visuals and imagery was used in multiple animated films including Batman, Night Hood, All's Fair at the Fair, Merry Mannequins, Page Miss Glory, Fantasia and Sleeping Beauty. 
Art Deco architecture began in Europe, but by 1939 there were examples in large cities on every continent and in almost every country. This is a selection of prominent buildings on each continent. (For a comprehensive of existing buildings by country, see List of Art Deco architecture.) 
Most Art Deco buildings in Africa were built during European colonial rule, and often designed by Italian, French and Portuguese architects. 
Many Art Deco buildings in Asia were designed by European architects. But in the Philippines, local architects such as Juan Nakpil, Juan Arellano and others were preeminent. Many Art Deco landmarks in Asia were demolished during the great economic expansion of Asia the late 20th century, but some notable enclaves of the architecture still remain, particularly in Shanghai and Mumbai. 
1931 Art Deco facade of the Castlemaine Art Museum, architect Percy Meldrum, H. Orlando Dutton frieze, photographed in 2017 
Melbourne and Sydney, Australia, have several notable Art Deco buildings, including the Manchester Unity Building and the former Russell Street Police Headquarters in Melbourne, the Castlemaine Art Museum in Castlemaine, central Victoria and the Grace Building, AWA Tower and Anzac Memorial in Sydney. 
Several towns in New Zealand, including Napier and Hastings were rebuilt in Art Deco style after the 1931 Hawke's Bay earthquake, and many of the buildings have been protected and restored. Napier has been nominated for UNESCO World Heritage Site status, the first cultural site in New Zealand to be nominated. Wellington has retained a sizeable number of Art Deco buildings. 
In Canada, surviving Art Deco structures are mainly in the major cities; Montreal, Toronto, Hamilton, Ontario, and Vancouver. They range from public buildings like Vancouver City Hall to commercial buildings (College Park) to public works (R. C. Harris Water Treatment Plant). 
In Mexico, the most imposing Art Deco example is interior of the Palacio de Bellas Artes (Palace of Fine Arts), finished in 1934 with its elaborate decor and murals. Examples of Art Deco residential architecture can be found in the Condesa neighborhood, many designed by Francisco J. Serrano. 
During the 1930s, Art Deco had a noticeable effect on house design in the United Kingdom, as well as the design of various public buildings. Straight, white-rendered house frontages rising to flat roofs, sharply geometric door surrounds and tall windows, as well as convex-curved metal corner windows, were all characteristic of that period. 
The London Underground is famous for many examples of Art Deco architecture, and there are a number of buildings in the style situated along the Golden Mile in Brentford. Also in West London is the Hoover Building, which was originally built for The Hoover Company and was converted into a superstore in the early 1990s. 
The Bucharest Telephone Palace on Victory Avenue in Bucharest, Romania, qualified as a monument istoric (Romanian for historic monument) 
The U-Drop Inn, a roadside gas station and diner on U.S. Highway 66 in Shamrock, Texas (1936), now a historical monument 
Municipal Auditorium of Kansas City, Missouri: Hoit Price & Barnes, and Gentry, Voskamp & Neville, 1935 
Niagara Mohawk Building, Syracuse, New York. Melvin L. King and Bley & Lyman, architects, completed 1932 
Former Teatro Eden, now Aparthotel Vip Eden in Lisbon, Portugal: Cassiano Branco and Carlo Florencio Dias, 1931 
Rotunda ceiling of Union Terminal in Cincinnati, Ohio; Paul Philippe Cret, Alfred T. Fellheimer, Steward Wagner, Roland Wank, 1933 
Spirano borders the following municipalities: Brignano Gera d'Adda, Cologno al Serio, Comun Nuovo, Lurano, Pognano, Urgnano, Verdello. 
The first inhabitants of the area were some Ligurian tribes which were succeeded by the Cenoman Gauls. 
The Lombard domination guaranteed a new tranquility and prosperity, which continued with the Franks and the Holy Roman Empire. The latter established feudalism, putting the municipal territories under the bishop's control. 
During Middle Ages, Spirano was at the center of fratricidal disputes between Guelphs and Ghibellines with clashes that led to tragic results, as in 1312 when the village was plundered and devastated. 
A castle was built during the XIII century, that characterized the life of the village for a long time; it had defensive functions and it was the residence of the Suardi family, who managed the fate of the town for several years. Subsequently, they were abolished in favour of the Visconti of Milan, until the whole area passed to the Republic of Venice in 1428.  
The Serenissima carried out numerous interventions aimed at improving social and working conditions, tilling land and building irrigation canals. Among these, there was the Bergamasque ditch, mainly used to establish definitively the territorial boundaries of the land state of Venice with the Duchy of Milan. This also touched the territory of Spirano, delimiting it to the South. 
Since then, the town has maintained a strong rural connotation and tradition, with agriculture and livestock farming predominanting. However, in these years, the country, which was located near the border with the territories of Milan, had to suffer raids of neighbors, intending to take back these territories. Some quiet time occurred with the advent of the Austrian domination which was replaced by the Kingdom of Italy in 1859. 
During the XX century, the country has seen a significant demographic growth, and also a substantial change in working life: agriculture was replaced by industry and the tertiary sector, relegating work in the fields to a minority. 
According to some sources, Asperianum was the ancient name of the settlement, and it probably indicated a harsh, disastrous, inaccessible place, or rather from the town of the Asperij. The name Asperianum is also reported on the ancient coat of arms of the town represented as carved in stone. 
The term could be of Celtic origin, in fact it has some characteristics in common with many names with Celtic form in the ac ending that in ancient times preceded most of the names ending with anum. 
The first documented attestation of the ancient name of Spirano, dates back to July 1033 and is a deed of sale. In this document, the territory is called Asperiano. In March 1395, on the other hand, in a document concerning the definition of a portion of the border with some neighboring countries, the name Spirano appears. 
The most important religious building is the parish church of San Gervasio and Protasio, of which we have news from the 13th century. 
On 9 February 1776 the bishop Marco Molin elevated the church to a provost. Since 1734 the existence of a vicariate headed by the church of Spirano is attested. At the beginning of the nineteenth century the faithful of Spirano were 1460, rising to 1976 in 1861. The new high altar was consecrated in 1954 by the bishop Giuseppe Piazzi. In 1971 the parish of Spirano passed to the pastoral area XVII, only to be aggregated in 1979 to the new vicariate of Spirano-Verdello. 
The characterizing elements of the interior of this church are certainly the altars: the high altar, the altar of the Madonna del Patrocinio, the altar of San Sebastiano, the altar of Sant'Anna and the altar of the Addolorata. Another fundamental element of this church is the organ which with the passage of time was replaced and renovated several times. 
The bell tower of the church was considered unsafe for several centuries until the beginning of the renovations, that was completed in 1681. 
On the occasion of the reconstruction of the entire arrangement of the bells in 1772, a new and more robust wooden structure was built to support the complex of bells. Eleven years later the concert was recast and a new element was added. 
In 1845 other restoration works began on the wooden structure in support of the concert as it was ruined and unsafe but the problem was not solved, in fact, the precariousness of the structure reappeared and the building had to be rebuilt from scratch. The structure of the bell tower received its final layout in the second half of the 19th century. 
The rural chapel of the Morti dell'Arca is located on the border between Spirano and Cologno al Serio, near the Fontanili del Consacolo, and dates back to the first half of the 19th century. 
The popular tradition has developed a legend around this small church and it tells of a stone ark that was used as a burial in ancient times. After a period of neglect, the ark was found by a farmer who took it to his home with the intention of using it as a drinking trough for his animals. However, the ark mysteriously returned to its place of origin. The farmer tried unsuccessfully several times to take the ark with him. 
The church was built after the plague that hit the citizens of the town, whose victims were buried in the area where the church currently stands. 
The first evidence of the church dates back to 1646 following the pastoral visit of Bishop Grimani, in which he stated that the church should remained closed for the whole year except during the saint's feast, in which it was possible to celebrate the mass inside the building. The church was visited again in 1659 by the bishop of Bergamo Barbarigo who found it without any parameters; idea shared also by Bishop Giustiniani in 1667. 
The first plan of the building was in the shape of a T and the main altar was located in the center of the transept perpendicular to the main nave. On the altar there was an altarpiece depicting the Virgin Mary, San Rocco and San Sebastiano dating back to the 1930s; otherwise the church was bare, except for a small organ. In 1794 a bell was placed inside the bell tower bearing the image of San Rocco, San Sebastiano, a crucifixion and the date A.D. 1794. 
At the end of the 1800s a new epidemic, smallpox, struck the area and the church of San Rocco was reduced to a hospital. 
In 1839, the church was restored. In 1855 the reconstruction works began but before 1858 they were suspended for some time until it was completed in 1867. The new church was built in the form of a Greek cross with two altars: a main altar and a side altar devoted to St. Joseph. In the first papers of the new church, the portico and the double sloping roof are not represented, probably because they were built later. 
The land on which the church was built, was owned by the Municipality of Spirano since the 1930s. However, during a council meeting on May 31 1864, it was approved the free transfer of the building to the Parish Church of Spirano. 
Currently the church is surrounded by a large equipped recreational area and by the San Rocco fountain immersed in wooded strips; it is also a destination for pilgrimages. 
In some papers of 1500, it is reported the presence of a place near the church destined for the burial of corpses. Several dead bodies were buried in this area until the early 1800s, a period in which, following the Napoleonic edict of Saint-Cloud of 12 June 1804, the construction of the Campo Santo was arranged outside the town. Consequently, the names old cemetery and new cemetery were applied in order to distinguish them. 
The new Campo Santo was built along the road leading to Cologno al Serio. On 29 October 1809, it was blessed by the parish priest Angelo Allegreni delegated by the bishop Paolo Dolfin and the first body was buried a few months later. 
In the beginning, the cemetery was simply a fairly bare and fenced piece of land; only a year after its opening, the first noble funeral chapel was built, the one of the Adelasio family. 
Since its opening, all the corpses have been buried in the new cemetery (except for rare exceptions concerning clergymen); for this reason, in 1842 it was enlarged for the first time. 
The Civic Center borders on another important structure, the Stallazzo, which is composed of a courtyard surrounded by structures that once housed the stables and residences of the settlers of the MIA (Misericordia Maggiore di Bergamo) while it is currently used as a residential building public. 
The oldest structures in the Stallazzo dates back to the 14th century. In the 17th century it reached its current size but after a fire in the 19th century, the structure was rearranged and the spaces were reorganized. The Stallazzo was then completely renovated in 2003, becoming the seat of public housing. 
Before taking its current name, in 1813, the church of the Madonna del Carmine was known as the cemetery chapel of San Fermo and San Pantaleone. From 1813, the building was limited to keep the best possible conditions, however, in 1868 the state of conservation of the church became worrying; for this reason, the restoration work began the same year. 
After about ten years of neglect, in 1988 the work for the rehabilitation and restoration of the external part of the building began, which ended the following year. 
This article on a location in the Province of Bergamo is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
In 2014, she won the 31st All-Japan Ninja Championship Tournament. In 2016, she finished the Yokohama Marathon in five hours. 
The Guardian Medal  or Department of Transportation Guardian Medal is an award of the United States Department of Transportation which was established by Secretary of Transportation Norman Y. Mineta following the terrorist attacks on September 11, 2001. 
Mandy Marchak (born November 24, 1984) is a Canadian rugby footballer. She represented Canada at three rugby union World Cups in 2006, 2010 and 2014 and at rugby league in 2017 World Cup. She also played in two Sevens World Cups in 2009 and 2013. 
Marchak retired from rugby union in 2016 due to injury. She then took up rugby league and was selected to represent the Canada Ravens at the 2017 Women's Rugby League World Cup. 
Do That In Real Life? is a radio drama, produced by the ZBS Foundation. It is the fifteenth of the Jack Flanders adventure series and the third of the Travelling Jack sub-series. It combines elements of Old-time radio with psychic phenomena, supernatural beings and energies. 
Jack is having a nightmare of being chased by a zombie when Mojo calls. Mojo's playing piano at Frenchie's in New Orleans and needs Jack to help him with some real life zombie problems in the city. Almost immediately after his arrival in New Orleans, Jack draws the attention of a shape-shifting voodoo princess who may in fact be something even more dangerous from his past! Dealing with Dominique and a wandering zombie are the least of his worries. 
There are a number of references to Jack's prior relationship with an Infrit, Layla Oolupi. Sophia, or the entity who entered her, knows many of the details of Jack's adventures in Morocco and claims to be someone that Jack loved and then abandoned, breaking her heart in the process. Mojo asks Madame Ebbo, who describes the being in such a way that Jack clearly identifies it as Layla but Madame Ebbo disagrees that it is her and suggests it's a rival Infrit, jealous of Layla. 
This story contains an aside in which Dominique tells the tale of Le Petit Lafitte, later given a cd release of its own with three more stories. 
Madame Ebbo: "Do you have another question?" Jack: "You know, I'd love to get an answer to the first one!"  
Every Travelling Jack adventure begins with a phone call from Mojo, asking for Jack's help. Usually the call wakes Jack up. During the call, Mojo drops more and more hints as to where in the world he is. None of the adventures involve the Invisible Realms, as such. 
This biographical article related to an English cricket person born in the 1890s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The G500 was taxiing under its own power at its unveiling on October 14, 2014, and it first flew on May 18, 2015. The model was initially planned to be certified in 2017. In May 2017, the test fleet of four G500 prototypes and the first production aircraft, made over 745 flights in two years for 2,900 flight hours, on track for the certification by the end of the year. 
For the October 2017 NBAA show, the five G500s were completing their campaign with 995 flights and 3,690 h - 10 h 19 min for the longest - the first delivery schedule was maintained as certification was pushed until early 2018. Mach 0.85 range for the G500 was extended by 200 nmi to 5,200 nmi/9,630 km and by 600 nmi/1,111 km to 4,400 nmi/8,149 km at Mach 0.90. 
The 300 flights hours of function and reliability testing required for FAA type certification was to be completed in summer 2018 after 240 were done at the end of May 2018 covering 100,300 nmi in 69 flights, along known icing flight and high-elevation certification tests: the five flight-test G500s made 1,355 flights in 4,955 hours. 
The first G500 was delivered on September 27, 2018. On October 1, Gulfstream announced the acquisition of the nacelle manufacturing line from Nordam. 
The longer G600 had its first flight at Savannah-Hilton Head International Airport on December 17, 2016. Four flight-test aircraft and a production G600 will be used for the test program for a scheduled 2018 introduction: 
In August 2017, the fifth was being outfitted for its third quarter first flight. Through August 20, the four G600s have logged 780 h in 175 flights, the longest lasting 13 h 5 min, it completed testing for initial flight envelope expansion and flying qualities, flutter, brakes, low speed or stall, loads calibration, parameter identification and climb performance, the fifth test aircraft will fly later in the quarter. 
On June 28, 2019, Gulfstream announced the G600 type and production certificates from the FAA. The first G600 was delivered on August 8, 2019. The first EASA-certified G600 was delivered in December 2020 to an Austrian operator. 
On October 4, 2021, Gulfstream introduced the 4,200 nmi (7,780 km) range G400, powered by Pratt & Whitney PW812GA engines and to be delivered from 2025. Priced at $34.5 million, The G400 has a shortened G500 fuselage, with 2.5 zones and 10 Windows, instead of 3 zones and 14 windows. 
The airframe is primarily composed of high-strength aluminum alloys with limited use of steel and titanium alloys. The horizontal stabilizer, fairings, main landing gear doors, rudder and elevators, radome, rear pressure bulkhead and winglets are composite materials. The semi-monocoque fuselage structure is made of stressed skin, frame and longeron. 
The Mont-Tremblant Champ Car Grand Prix was an auto race in the Champ Car World Series. It was held at Circuit Mont-Tremblant, in Mont-Tremblant, Quebec, Canada. 
The race replaced the Grand Prix of Montreal in the Champ Car circuit, and was held in a rural zone north of Montreal. The circuit had previously held a number of significant open-wheel championship events: USAC IndyCar races in 1967 and 1968, before the establishment of the Champ Car Grand Prix; the Sports Car Club of America's Formula 5000 championship held events in 1969 and 1970; and the track held the Formula One Canadian Grand Prix in 1968 and 1970. 
He is a member of the board of directors of the Groupe Danone and Sofina, director and member of the audit committee of the Delhaize Group, and SES. 
This business-related Belgian biographical article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Someone Loves You Honey is a studio album by American country music artist Charley Pride. It was released in November 1978 via RCA Victor Records and contained 11 tracks. The album was co-produced by Jerry Bradley and Pride. Two of Pride's major hits were included on the studio record: "More to Me" and the title track. Both songs became number one hits. The album itself would also reach charting positions following its release. 
The 2019 Hall of Fame Open was a men's tennis tournament to be played on outdoor grass courts. It was the 44th edition of the event, and part of the 250 series of the 2019 ATP Tour. It took place at the International Tennis Hall of Fame in Newport, Rhode Island, United States, from July 15 through July 21, 2019. 
He was a graduate of B.M.C. Durfee High School in Fall River. A 1958 graduate of Harvard College, he was well known for writing the scores for several Hasty Pudding shows there. He was also a graduate of L'Ecole Normale de Musique in Paris, where he studied with Nadia Boulanger. 
Raposo was the musical supervisor and arranger of the original off-Broadway run of You're a Good Man, Charlie Brown, and he contributed additional music to that show. He was also responsible for the memorable theme music for New York City television station WABC-TV's The 4:30 Movie; the piece, called "Moving Pictures," was also used for the station's other movie shows, and subsequently by ABC's other owned-and-operated stations. 
Aside from his musical contributions, Raposo performed several uncredited stock characters on Sesame Street during the early 1970s. According to his son Nicholas in a 2002 telephone conversation, Joe Raposo usually chose to portray anonymous, silly characters in these segments, which were nearly always produced on 16 mm film. He also did voice-overs for a few animated segments. 
The Sesame Street character Don Music maintained a framed and autographed glamour photograph of Raposo on the wall of his Muppet atelier. 
Raposo was very fond of sweets according to many who knew him. One favorite food of his was cookies. It has been rumored the Wheel-Eating Monster created for commercial advertisers in the 1960s by Jim Henson may have been altered by Henson specifically into a "cookie" monster after Henson observed Raposo's unusual propensity for cookies; this has never been substantiated. His widow Pat Collins-Sarnoff celebrated his life with a milk and cookies reception. 
One of Raposo's Sesame Street compositions, "The Square Song", was used in the film Close Encounters of the Third Kind. 
In 1971, Children's Television Workshop created the show The Electric Company, meant to help teach reading to children who had outgrown Sesame Street. Raposo served as the musical director of the show for its first three seasons, and contributed songs throughout the show's run, until 1977. 
The HBO animated adaptation of Madeline, for which Raposo composed the music and songs (with writer/lyricist Judy Rothman), aired four months after Raposo's death; the cartoon The Smoggies, for which Raposo wrote the theme song, premiered in Canada. 
Although primarily known for work in live-action and animated children's television, Joe Raposo actually aspired to become a Broadway musical composer. 
In 1962, he set Eric Bentley's English-language translation of song texts and poems in Bertolt Brecht's play A Man's a Man at the Loeb Drama Center (in Cambridge, Massachusetts) and the Masque Theatre (New York City). Portions of the production were subsequently shown on CBS-TV, and the entire production (dialogue, songs, and all) was recorded and released on the Spoken Arts label as Spoken Arts SA 870 (1974). 
In the 1970s, Raposo wrote original music for the animated film Raggedy Ann & Andy: A Musical Adventure; he later teamed with William Gibson (The Miracle Worker) to create a stage musical about Raggedy Ann. The musical was the first theatre company production from the United States to perform in the Soviet Union upon resumption of cultural relations between the two countries. It later had a brief run on Broadway in 1986. 
Raposo also collaborated with Sheldon Harnick (Fiddler on the Roof) on a musical adaptation of the 1946 film It's a Wonderful Life. A Wonderful Life was first performed at the University of Michigan in 1986, and had a successful run at Washington, DC's Arena Stage in 1991. It was performed in concert on Broadway for one night only on December 12, 2005; the production starred Brian Stokes Mitchell, David Hyde Pierce, and Judy Kuhn. 
During his career Raposo composed themes for several sitcoms such as Ivan The Terrible, Three's Company, The Ropers and Foot in the Door, film scores such as The Possession of Joel Delaney (1972), Savages (1972) and Maurie (1973), and documentaries, most notably Peter Rosen's production America Is for which Raposo not only scored a patriotic, critically well-received title theme but, unusually, served as its on-screen narrator. 
Raposo's songwriting tended toward wistful introspections on life and nature. Primarily celebrated for his bright, uptempo major key compositions, he also showed skill at arranging original blues and jazz pieces in minor key and often took sudden melancholy lyrical detours in the midst of otherwise cheerful songs. 
Vocally, Joe Raposo was a tenor, possessing an unusually warm, buttery attack and an easily identifiable, very stable, mellow trademark vibrato. 
Raposo was married twice. He had two sons, Joseph and Nicholas, from his first marriage. He had a son, Andrew, and daughter, Elizabeth (Liz), from his marriage to Pat Collins-Sarnoff. 
Raposo was a close friend of Frank Sinatra, Tom Lehrer, WNYC radio personality Jonathan Schwartz, and Academy Award-winning filmmaker Bert Salzman. 
Raposo died on February 5, 1989 in Bronxville, New York of non-Hodgkin lymphoma, three days before his 52nd birthday. He was survived by wife, Pat Collins, his four children and by his parents who were at the time living in Chatham, Massachusetts. His grave is located at Union Cemetery in Chatham. 
Raposo was eulogized in the April 1990 documentary Sing! Sesame Street Remembers Joe Raposo and His Music, which was hosted and directed by Sesame Street crew member Jon Stone. A tribute CD was released in 1992 commemorating his work on Sesame Street. 
Along with five Grammy Awards and Emmy nods, his song "The First Time It Happens," from The Great Muppet Caper, was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Song in 1981, losing to "Arthur's Theme (Best That You Can Do)" from the film Arthur. 
The Lake Trenche is located in the unorganized territory of Lac-Ashuapmushuan, in Haute-Mauricie, in Le Domaine-du-Roy Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of Saguenay-Lac-Saint-Jean, in Quebec, in Canada. This lake is located entirely in forest land. 
This lake is a natural extension of the river Trenche which flows from north to south, and empties into the Lake Tourouvre formed by the Dam Trenche the Saint-Maurice River. Located entirely in forest areas, the surface of "Trenche Lake" is frozen from November until early April. 
Trenche the lake is very deformed, consisting of islands, peninsulas, natural piers jutting out into the lake and numerous bays. Its shape resembles a "Y" formed by a series of smaller lakes, as if they had been created by the fall of meteorites. The Trenche lake fed by the north into two parts: the branch of the northwest and the northeast branch (the most important). The latter is an extension of the River Trenche (La Tuque), flowing from north to south. 
Visitors can access to the "lake Trenche" by forest paths of Consolidated Bathurst, which roughly follow the path of the River Trenche, one of the five largest tributaries of the Saint-Maurice River. 
Upon her election in 1962, she became the first woman to be elected to a constitutional office in Arkansas. 
Nancy Pearl Johnson was born on October 5, 1904 in Prescott, Arkansas to George Sim Johnson and Minnie Bryan Johnson. From the age of 6 she lived in Little Rock, Arkansas and attended Little Rock Public Schools. Her early career included work as staff for the Arkansas Legislative Council and Arkansas Commissioner of State Lands. Johnson married Claris G. "Crip" Hall on October 5, 1929, and had one daughter. When Crip became Arkansas Secretary of State in 1936 Nancy Hall joined his staff. 
Hall was elected State Treasurer in 1962, and became the first woman elected to constitutional office in Arkansas, and the second woman to win a statewide election after Senator Hattie Wyatt Caraway. As Treasurer, Hall oversaw the automation and computerization of state accounting procedures. 
Hall did not run for reelection in 1980. After serving for 18 years and 9 terms, Hall left office in 1981 and was succeeded by Jimmie Lou Fisher. Hall died on January 1, 1991 at age 86. 
The Boucher Manufacturing Company was an American toy company that specialized in toy boats and toy trains. It is best remembered today as the last manufacturer of Standard Gauge/Wide gauge toy trains until the much smaller McCoy Manufacturing revived the old standard in the mid-1960s. 
Finland competed at the 1928 Winter Olympics in St. Moritz, Switzerland.  Finland took home 4 medals, all in speed skating.  These were won by Clas Thunberg, Julius Skutnabb, and Jaakko Friman.  Finland also took second place in the Military Patrol, at that time classed as a demonstration event with no medals. 
The ski jumping (normal hill) event was held separate from the main medal event of ski jumping, results can be found in the table below. 
He joined Jeonnam Dragons in 2012. He made his first appearance at opening match of K-League 2012 against Gangwon FC. 
This biographical article related to a South Korean association football midfielder is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Warhammer Campaign is a set of two adventures published by Games Workshop (GW) in 1988 for the fantasy role-playing game Warhammer Fantasy Roleplay. 
The two adventures, both designed by Jim Bambra, Phil Gallagher, and Graeme Davis, would become the first two parts of the six-part The Enemy Within Campaign, followed by Death on the Reik (1987), Power Behind the Throne (1988), Something Rotten in Kislev (1989), and Empire in Flames (1989). 
In Issue 8 of The Games Machine, John Woods found the book to be well-produced and easy to follow, and he liked the short introductory scenario "Mistaken Identity", calling it "entertaining and clearly written to make the referee's job easier." But he had mixed feelings overall, saying, "the linearity of plot makes life very difficult for a referee whose players try to tackle problems in unusual ways and come up with angles the designers haven't thought of." 
In the past, Woodlands Memorial Ground was shared by Blackpool Rugby League Club and Fleetwood Town FC (training). 
Fylde Rugby Club was founded on 25 July 1919, literally on the toss of a coin when a group of Huddersfield businessmen met at Ansdell Institute to discuss the formation of either a rugby union or a football club. A coin was tossed and it fell in favour of rugby union. Hence the similarity in kit between clubs. The club grew steadily and achieved a strong fixture list by the 1960s and has been in the National Leagues since the league's inception in 1987. 
It takes its name from The Fylde, a roughly 13-mile (20-kilometre) square-shaped peninsula, bounded by Morecambe Bay to the north, the Ribble estuary to the south, the Irish Sea to the west, and the Bowland hills to the east, with Blackpool to the north and Preston to the east. 
During the World War II, Fylde, along with many other clubs, had to close as the Army took over the ground. In 1946 the President, G.W. Parkes, welcomed back members from the war and by this time the ground had been purchased and named the Woodlands Memorial Ground in recognition of those members who gave their lives during the war. 
In the 1950s, the dressing rooms were built and Pop Ogden was elected President of Lancashire. Arthur Bell and Rothwell Bamber were given life memberships for their work with the club. Bell served for 34 years as the Honorary Secretary. 
In 1964 the second England trial was held at Fylde and Sir Laurie Edwards opened the new pavilion extension and presented the club with a rugby union shield which is still on the clubhouse wall. 
In the same era, a young Roger Uttley, subsequently to skipper and then manage England, and Brian Ashton, England's Head Coach, also played for Fylde. Other more recent internationals associated with Fylde include England wingers Tony Swift and Simon Smith, who were capped in the 1980s after leaving the club and locks Steve Bainbridge and Wade Dooley, established internationals who won further caps whilst with Fylde. 
England 'A' winger Mark Preston had a record of scoring 98 tries in 131 appearances. He subsequently made a similar impact in rugby league with Wigan and Halifax. 
The club fields eleven mini/junior sides, a Junior Colts squad and three other senior teams, the Hawks, the Saracens and the Vandals. In more recent seasons the club has also promoted more community rugby teams to promote rugby across all ages and abilities such as walking rugby. It further has a flourishing community rugby set up to promote, encourage and develop rugby in the surrounding community especially in the more disadvantaged areas at both junior and senior level.  
Apart from a new clubhouse completed in September 2005, the club has developed an all weather pitch, upgraded facilities and non-rugby items and activities forming a core to the local and regional community.  
In June 2010, it was  announced that former England manager Brian Ashton would be a coaching consultant for his former club. On the 26 July 2010, it was announced that former England international Jason Robinson would be making his comeback at the club. 
Hooghly was a full-rigged merchant ship built on the Thames, England, and launched in 1819. She made two voyages under charter to the British East India Company (EIC), four voyages transporting convicts from England and Ireland to Australia, as well as voyages transporting emigrants to South Australia between 1839 and 1856. Around 1858 she was re-rigged as a barque. She sank off Algiers in 1863. 
Captain James Thomas Lamb sailed from the Downs on 27 May 1819, bound for Bengal. Hooghly then reached Calcutta on 23 September. Homeward bound, she passed Kedgeree on 1 January 1820. She then reached the Cape of Good Hope on 3 March and St Helena on 5 April, before arriving back at the Downs on 30 May. 
Under the command of Peter Reeves and surgeon Robert Tainsh, she left Cork, Ireland on 5 January 1825, arriving in Sydney, New South Wales on 22 April. She embarked 195 male convicts, of whom two died en route. Hooghly departed Port Jackson on 21 May bound for Bombay. 
On her second convict voyage under the command of Peter Reeves and surgeon Alexander Nisbet, she left London, England on 5 November 1827, arriving in Sydney on 24 February 1828. She embarked 99 male convicts, all of whom arrived. Hooghly departed Port Jackson on 4 April, bound for Batavia. 
Hooghly arrived in Clarence, off Garden Island, Western Australia on 13 February 1830, bringing 173 settlers to the Swan River Colony. She was one of three ships that Thomas Peel had chartered to deliver 400 settlers. The other two vessels were  Gilmore and Rockingham. 
Gilmore, the first to leave, had arrived on 15 December 1829 in the Swan River Colony with Thomas Peel and 182 settlers in all. Rockingham (180 passengers), arrived in mid-May 1830. She was wrecked shortly after landing her passengers, but all survived. 
Her next convict voyage was under the command of Peter John Reeves and surgeon James Ellis. Hooghly left Cork, Ireland on 24 June 1831 and arrived in Sydney on 27 September. She embarked 184 female convicts and had no convict deaths en route. Hooghly departed Port Jackson on 22 October, bound for China and London. The departing former Governor of New South Wales, Sir Ralph Darling, was a passenger on the vessel. 
Captain Reeves and Hooghly left China on 16 January 1832. They reached St Helena on 8 April, and arrived at the Downs on 31 May. 
On her fourth convict voyage under the command of George Bayly and surgeon James Rutherford, she left Portsmouth, England on 28 July 1834, arriving in Sydney on 18 November. She disembarked her full complement of 260 male convicts. 
On one voyage she sailed from London on 19 February 1839 and arrived at Port Adelaide on 17 June. There she landed 290 migrants. 
In 1859 Hooghly left London on 10 September and arrived in Hobart on 21 December. She transported 131 immigrants, including many single women. 
At some point Hooghly also sailed from Cork, Ireland to Port Jackson, New South Wales, with Irish migrants. 
Hooghly foundered off Algiers on 10 December 1863 while on a voyage to Cork, Ireland, from Constantinople. After the crew safely abandoned her the British steamship Ida rescued them, landing them at Gibraltar five days later. 
He was born Peter Wirth in the town of Niederbreitbach, then in the Rhine Province of the Kingdom of Prussia, on 15 October 1830, the fourth child of Theodor Wirth and Katharina Andries. His father was a shepherd while his mother ran a small pub. He lost his father at the age of nine and his mother a year later. Because of this tragedy, the impoverished children were separated, and Wirth was raised by his uncle and godfather, Johann Peter Andries, who was a teacher in the local school. 
Wirth was a pious young man. While still working at his trade, he joined the Third Order of Saint Francis, whose members were active in addressing the social and religious needs of the region. He felt drawn, however, to lead a spiritual and prayerful life. To this end, after he had completed his apprenticeship, he and two friends founded a house of "pious craftsmen" in the summer of 1854. This attempt failed and the small group dispersed. 
While caring for smallpox patients, Wirth himself became infected and died on 28 March 1871. Today his remains are kept in the chapel of St. Joseph Monastery in Hausen. 
In 1783, he was elected unopposed was a Member of Parliament (MP) for the rotten borough of Great Marlow, succeeding his father.  He held the seat until he stood down at the general election in 1790. 
In 1799 he inherited the baronetcy of his first cousin Sir Robert Clayton and Marden Park, which was rented among people to Joseph Buonaparte. He died aged 71 on 26 January 1834, and was succeeded in the baronetcy by his eldest son, William Robert, who became an MP for Great Marlow from 1832 to 1842. 
In 1785, he married Mary East, the daughter of Sir William East, 1st Baronet, a former High Sheriff of Berkshire. They had 5 sons and 2 daughters: 
This biography of a baronet in the baronetage of Great Britain is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Peculiar Lives was released as an audiobook in November 2011, read by John Leeson and published by Fantom Films. 
In connection with the general crisis in the music business, the collapse of the Neuer Markt and the high costs of integrating the additional companies, a crisis followed in 2001, which jeopardised the company's continued existence. In 2002, Edel and Roland Berger Strategy Consultants implemented an extensive corporate restructuring program. Parts of the company and shareholdings were repelled and loss-making companies were closed. 
Of more than 1,700 employees, about 750 remained in the company. Thanks to this consolidation and the stable business of the manufacturer's subsidiary, positive business figures were again achieved. At the end of the short financial year 2001 (30.09.) Edel changed from listing in the Neuer Markt to the Regulated Market / General Standard of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange, which was transferred to the Regulated Market in 2007. 
In February 2007, edel music AG took over the book division of Pabel-Moewig with cookbooks, guides, puzzle books, children's books and some licenses such as the silver volumes of the science fiction series Perry Rhodan, thus expanding its media division. 
At the Annual General Meeting in May 2007 it was decided to remove the addition "music" in the company name. The company then operated under the name edel AG until 2010. In December 2009, the listing on the Regulated Market was revoked. The stock has since been traded on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. 
In 2010, Edel took over 75% of the then ZS publishing house, followed by the remaining 25% in October 2014. 
In March 2011, Edel AG finally acquired the evaluation rights for the TV and cinema films around the cartoon characters Pettersson and Findus from the insolvent TV-Loonland AG. 
In October 2012, Edel AG acquired 100% of the shares in Brilliant Classics B.V., which is one of the leading companies in the field of classical music. The label, based in Leeuwarden, Netherlands, sells its products through a worldwide network of distributors. 
In March 2016, Jonas Haentjes, the son of the company's founder, took over the position of Director Corporate Development at Edel. 
As of December 2017, Michael Haentjes and Jonas Haentjes jointly led Edel AG as co-CEOs, and Jonas Haentjes was appointed to the board of management of Edel AG. 
In April 2018, the executive board and supervisory board of Edel AG decided to convert the company into a limited partnership for shares (KGaA). 
The change of form is intended to ensure the influence of the family after a generational succession. In addition, the general partner of KGaA should be given the legal form of a European Company (SE). 
In March 2019, the generational transition was completed and the change of legal form to SE & Co. KGaA was completed. Jonas Haentjes has been the sole CEO ever since. 
100%: Edel Germany GmbH with the divisions Edel Kultur, Edel Books, Eden Books, Edel Motion, Edel Kids, Edel Kids Books. Edel Distribution, and earMUSIC. 
100%: optimal media GmbH with the areas of production and distribution of sound and data media, production and distribution of books. to 
66.8%: Kontor Records GmbH, dance label with the brands Kontor Top of the Clubs and Kontor House of House. 
Furthermore, Edel holds 75% of the shares of Pandastorm Pictures GmbH and 100% of the Dutch Brilliant Classics B.V. 
Melieria theodori is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Melieria of the family Ulidiidae. 
This article related to members of the insect family Ulidiidae is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Curby is an unincorporated community in Jennings Township, Crawford County, Indiana. It is a populated place that is not incorporated and has no legal boundaries. 
A post office was established at Curby in 1904, and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1915. The community was named after the maiden name of the wife of an early settler. 
She was a member of the Chinese handball team which won the bronze medal. She played all five matches as goalkeeper.[citation needed] 
This biographical article relating to People's Republic of China team handball is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Red-backed flameback, Lesser Sri Lanka flameback, Sri Lanka red-backed woodpecker or Ceylon red-backed woodpecker (Dinopium psarodes) is a species of bird in the family Picidae. It is endemic to Sri Lanka, only absent in the far-north. It is sometimes considered a subspecies of the Black-rumped flameback. 
It has been considered an endemic species since the time of Legge. It was first placed in the genus Brachypternus as Brachypternus ceylonus. It was later lumped as subspecies of the Black-rumped flameback (Dinopium benghalense), as Dinopium benghalense psarodes. It was elevated to full species status in a study by Sampath S. Seneviratne, Darren E. Irwin, and Saminda P. Fernando. 
In this study, it was found to hybridize with the Black-rumped flameback. The hybridization is concentrated north of a border from Trincomalee to the base of Puttalam lagoon and south of a border from Mullaitivu to Mannar. Hybridization is less out of this border, where the Black-rumped flameback dominates north of the border while the Red-backed flameback dominates south of the border. It is a case of Hybrid inferiority, in which the pure species are more successful than the hybrids. 
Its main source of food are ants. It seems to prefer Carpenter ants (Camponotus spp.), ants in the genus Meranoplus, and the pupae and larvae of Asian weaver ants (Oecophylla smaragdina). Other invertebrates eaten include spiders, caterpillars, weevils and beetles. Also feeds on some fruit occasionally, as a source of dietary fiber and other nutrients. 
It uses its tail as a support to climb trees, and flies in a flap-and-glide bounding pattern. It breaks into leaf nests of weaver ants in the trees themselves but descends to the ground to access nests of ground ants. Forages alone, in pairs or as a family group, and often joins multi-species foraging flocks, like other Dinopium flamebacks. It is often quite untame and is easy to flush.  
It drills nest holes at many variable heights. These holes, which can only be built by woodpeckers, barbets and other Piciformes, are nesting sites for other cavity-nesting birds like parrots, who cannot make their own holes. Sometimes broods twice, but usually only one clutch is laid per season. It breeds from December-September, predominantly from August-September and from February-June. Two-three eggs are laid per clutch. 
It is marked as least concern on the IUCN red list, because it has a stable yet unknown population and is common to locally common in its comparatively small range. No declines nor threats have been identified. It is very common, one of the "Common" endemics throughout Sri Lanka, along with the Sri Lankan junglefowl, the Sri Lanka hanging parrot, and the Crimson-fronted barbet. It is the most common woodpecker species in Sri Lanka. 
The Price of Wisdom is a 1935 British drama film directed by Reginald Denham and starring Mary Jerrold, Roger Livesey and Lilian Oldland. It was made at Elstree Studios as a quota quickie for release by the British subsidiary of Paramount Pictures. 
This article related to a British film of the 1930s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Clinton Matthew Langston, CB, QHC (born 1962) is a British Anglican priest and military chaplain. He has served as Chaplain General of the Royal Army Chaplains' Department, British Army since 2018 and as Archdeacon for the Army in the Church of England since 2017. He was previously Deputy Chaplain General from 2017 to 2018. 
Langston was born in 1962. He studied at the Derby College of Education, graduating with a Bachelor of Combined Studies (BCombStuds) in 1986. In 1987, he matriculated into Queen's College, Birmingham, an ecumenical theological college in Birmingham to train for ordained ministry and to study theology. 
Langston was ordained in the Church of England as a deacon in 1990 and as a priest in 1991. From 1990 to 1994, he served his curacy at St James the Great, Shirley in the Diocese of Birmingham. 
In addition to seeing service in Great Britain, Langston has been posted to Germany, Bosnia, Omagh, Northern Ireland, and Iraq. 
Langston has been awarded a number of campaign medals: the NATO Medal for the former Republic of Yugoslavia, the General Service Medal with Northern Ireland clasp, and the Iraq Medal. He has also been awarded the Queen Elizabeth II Golden Jubilee Medal, the Queen Elizabeth II Diamond Jubilee Medal, and the Accumulated Campaign Service Medal. 
In 1964, Ellsworth won Europe's most prestigious race when his newly acquired horse Prince Royal won the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe at Longchamp Racecourse in Paris, France. 
Bowes sent Cotherstone into training with John Scott who trained forty classic winners at his base at Whitewall stables, Malton, North Yorkshire. The colt was ridden in most of his important races by the trainer's younger brother, Bill Scott. Cotherstone was not an impressive individual at first, being weak and sickly as a yearling, and making little progress as a two-year-old. He was described as being "thin-fleshed" and "always amiss". 
Before he ran as a four-year-old, Cotherstone was sold for 3,000 guineas as a potential Stallion to Lord Spencer. He made his first and only appearance of the year in a Sweepstakes at Goodwood. He broke down injured in the race, and never ran again. 
It is sometimes said to be the same as undifferentiated connective tissue disease, but other experts specifically reject this idea because undifferentiated connective tissue disease is not necessarily associated with serum antibodies directed against the U1-RNP, and MCTD is associated with a more clearly defined set of signs/symptoms. 
MCTD combines features of scleroderma, polymyositis, systemic lupus erythematosus, and rheumatoid arthritis (with some sources adding myositis, dermatomyositis, and inclusion body myositis) and is thus considered an overlap syndrome. 
MCTD is an autoimmune disorder. Anti-RNP antibodies develop against RNP when RNP is found outside of the nucleus. RNP is immunologically protected due to its location, however if a cell dies and RNP is no longer contained in the nucleus and thus unprotected, the immune system can respond by forming antibodies due to cellular mimicry. Risk to develop MCTD can increase if the body has exposed to molecules or viruses with a similar structure to RNP in the past. 
There are currently no known environmental factors or triggers contributing to MCTD.[citation needed]It has been associated with HLA-DR4. 
Distinguishing laboratory characteristics are a positive, speckled anti-nuclear antibody and an anti-U1-RNP antibody. 
After the original 1972 description of MCTD by Sharp, there was some controversy over whether MCTD was a distinct connective tissue disease, however after four decades and more than 2000 publications, it seems that there is a consensus that MCTD should be considered a distinctive clinical entity, and is thus considered as such by the majority of rheumatologists, however there is a subgroup of patients that could evolve in their disease course towards another connective tissue disease. 
Although almost any organ can be affected by MCTD, there are various clinical manifestations that make it more likely to suspect the disease is MCTD over other connective tissue diseases: 
Although MCTD was originally described as a disease with a good treatment response to corticosteroids, the treatment of the disease is based on the specific manifestations and clinical complications, similar to how other signs and symptoms are treated in other connective tissue disease.  
Since pulmonary hypertension is the leading cause of death, its early diagnosis by routine echocardiography and the rapid initiation of treatment with endothelin-1 antagonists (bosentan), phosphodiesterase 5 inhibitors (sildenafil) or endovenous prostacyclins (epoprostenol) manage to considerably improve morbidity and mortality. 
Patients diagnosed with MCTD may progress to a clinical picture more consistent with other connective tissue diseases like SLE, scleroderma, or rheumatoid arthritis. In some studies these patients become reclassified over time with other diseases, such as rheumatoid arthritis in 9%, SLE in 15%, and scleroderma in 21% of cases. Such progression is, in part, determined genetically, thus SLE is more likely in patients with HLA-DR3 and scleroderma in patients with HLA-DR5. 
The prevalence of MCTD is higher than that of dermatomyositis and lower than that of SLE. In a 2011 Norwegian study, the prevalence of MCTD was 3.8 per 100,000 adults, with an incidence of 2.1 per million per year. 
The Cruise of Deception was a major cliffhanger and resolution storyline on the daytime drama Days of Our Lives. Billed as a "miniseries" by NBC advertisements, it aired from June 7 until July 16, 1990. 
The story included several of the show's most popular characters attending a masked ball on a cruise ship, which is taken over by a vengeful Ernesto Toscano, played by Charles Cioffi. The miniseries acted as the climax of several stories that had been developing previously to it, and the launching pad of several more, some of which played out through most of the 1990s. The weeks-long storyline was a special production, requiring "long weekend shoots, water tanks, and tilting scenery." 
Among the characters impacted were Bo and Hope, a popular couple. Hope died at the end of the storyline, allowing actress Kristian Alfonso to exit the show. Alfonso was nine months pregnant at the time. Roman's romance the next year with Isabella was considered an example of the storyline's ongoing impact. 
A storyline of this magnitude had not been developed for the series before this time, and even today it is remembered as one of the most ballyhooed ratings events in the show's history. In 2005, SOAPnet named the Cruise of Deception one of the 40 most memorable moments in Days history. 
The show prospered from the Cruise of Deception. In late 1989, its ratings were in a freefall and its popularity was on the wane. Former executive producer Al Rabin, who had helmed Days of our Lives during the popular mid-1980s period, was lured out of retirement to restructure the show. He, along with then-head writers Anne M. Schoettle and Richard J. Allen, concocted the Cruise of Deception. 
The show even changed its opening credits for the first time in its history to correspond to the storyline. At the half-way point of the famous hourglass opening, the shot faded to that of a dark, ominous-looking ocean, and the words "Cruise of Deception" scrolled into place as "Days of Our Lives" appeared in smaller lettering below it. An announcer intoned, "The story continues on 'Cruise of Deception.'" 
NBC promoted the story heavily to lure kids home from school to watch the show during their summer vacation. Ratings rose due to the storyline, but then the ratings retreated, something that would not markedly change for at least the next three years. 
Following their rescue from Ernesto's island, the shipwrecked characters return to the show's hometown of Salem, USA to cope with Hope's "death" and move on with their lives following the life-changing events of the story. Eventually, actress Kristian Alfonso returned to the show four years later, and it was revealed that Hope was in fact switched at the last moment before the explosion with an imposter, Gina von Amberg. Ernesto's fate was never revealed. 
Based on the NBC promos that were broadcast during the storyline, the Cruise of Deception was divided into the following chapters: 
This biographical article related to an Indian cricket person born in 1987 is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Back of Law railway station served the city of Dundee, Scotland, from 1833 to 1855 on the Dundee and Newtyle Railway. 
The station opened in May 1833 by the Dundee and Newtyle Railway. It was situated on the south side of Clerpington Road. Trains only served here on Fridays. It closed in July 1855. The site is now occupied by a two-storey house. 
'Nattergale' is a pun - 'Nattergale' could mean both 'nightingale', as the group sing, but also 'Nattergale', which means "night-crazy" - 'lunatics'. 
In later years they have had a comeback with their advent calendars: The Julekalender, Canal Wild Card, and CWC World. 
This article about a Danish band or other musical ensemble is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The PGA National Champion Course is an 18-hole golf course located at the PGA National Golf Club in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida, United States. 
The PGA National Champion Course was opened on November 17, 1981. It was the site of the 1983 Ryder Cup, the 1987 PGA Championship (won by Larry Nelson), and the Senior PGA Championship for 19 years, from 1982 to 2000. The course underwent a $4 million renovation in December 2002, and in 2007 became the home of The Honda Classic. 
A traffic separation scheme (or 'TSS') is an area in the sea where navigation of ships is highly regulated. Each TSS is designed to create lanes in the water with ships in a specific lane all travelling in (roughly) the same direction. 
A TSS is typically created in locations with large numbers of ship movements and vessels travelling in different directions and where there might otherwise be a high risk of collisions. Details of traffic separation schemes and similar routing-systems can be found on Admiralty charts. 
In the list below, where a TSS or routing scheme is not governed by the IMO (IMO), then the governing body is mentioned in brackets. 
The English Channel connects the Atlantic Ocean with the Southern part of the North Sea and belong to the busiest shipping areas in the world with ships going in numerous direction: you have ships that are 'just' passing through from the Southwest to Northeast (or vice versa), ships going to or departing from one of the many ports around the English Channel and then the ferries crossing the channel. In the English Channel several TSS schemes are in operation: 
TSS's in these areas aren't governed by the IMO but by either the government of Russia (marked: R) or the Norwegian government (marked N)[citation needed] 
Most TSS's in the Baltic Sea are governed by the IMO, but some are the responsibility of the local country. 
In the area of the North Sea which lies North of the earlier mentioned Dover Straits several TSS's are in place to manage the traffic to and from some of the busiest ports in the world such as: Port of Rotterdam, Bremerhaven, Port of Amsterdam, Antwerp etc. All of these TSS's and routing-schemes are governed by the IMO 
Numerous TSS's and similar routing-schemes are active in the Mediterranean Sea, the Black Sea and the waters within this area such as the Adriatic Sea. On the charts of the United Kingdom Hydrographic Office some 56 schemes can be found. Many of these schemes are governed by the local state, such as Italy, Spain, Croatia etc.) 
Some of the most important TSS's are mentioned below. A complete list can be retrieved from the Notice 17: TRAFFIC SEPARATION SCHEMES AND INFORMATION CONCERNING ROUTEING SYSTEMS SHOWN ON ADMIRALTY CHARTS 
On the Western shores of the Atlantic Ocean are the eastern coasts of North America with the United States of America and Canada. Then there is the Caribbean Sea, the Gulf of Mexico and South America's east coast. 
Apart from the TSS schemes in the Mediterranean to the north, the African continent has only a few TSS schemes around the waters of South Africa: 
This covers the Red Sea, Arabian Sea and Persian Gulf. Some 15 TSS schemes can be found in this area: in the Red Sea is traffic using the Suez Channel while in the Persian Gulf much of the traffic comprises the (large) oil and gas tankers to Iran and Iraq. All TSS's here are governed by the IMO, except the Approaches to Yanbu which is the responsibility of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. 
The Indian Ocean region links in the West with the (above) area of the Arabian Sea and the African continent and in the East it borders with the Pacific Ocean. Apart from schemes in these border-areas only two TSS's are mentioned around India and Sri Lanka: 
On the Eastern borders of the Indian Ocean are the Malacca Strait, Singapore Strait and the waters around the Indonesian island of Sumatra. This is a very busy shipping area and also very dangerous (see also this section). 
Some 25 TSS schemes are in operation in and around the China Seas. Shipping is very busy around Hong Kong, the mainland of South-East China and around Taiwan. 
In Japan there are 5 TSS's all governed by the Japanese government.  Apart from these mandatory schemes there are also voluntary and recommended schemes. These are not shown on Admiralty Charts and (thus) not shown in this overview 
In (North) Korean and Pacific Russian waters some 35 schemes are in operation with only 5 of them being governed by the IMO. All major ports in this area have a TSS in operation.  In North Korea none of the TSS schemes are IMO schemes; only locally governed by the North Korean central government. Below an overview of the IMO schemes and some of the most important locally governed schemes: 
There are six TSS's around the Philippines and one in Malaysia. None of them are governed by the IMO: 
In this area there are 5 TSS's in operation: two in the Bass Strait, governed by the IMO and three leading to Australian ports, governed by Australia. 
On the East side of the Pacific Ocean the TSS's are divided in two groups. The North side includes the West coast of Mexico and everything to its North. The other group are formed by the West coast of Central and South America. 
The TSS's in the far North around the Aleutian Islands and Alaska are not put in place because of the high density of shipping but the nature of the ships and the vulnerability of the area. 
Dorothy Lyman (born April 18, 1947) is an American television actress, director and producer. She is most known for her work as Gwen Frame on Another World and on All My Children as Opal Sue Gardner, as Rebecca Whitmore on Generations, and on the sitcom Mama's Family as Naomi Harper. 
In an appearance on Vicki Lawrence's talk show Vicki!, Lyman noted that she continued to perform on All My Children concurrently with the beginning of Mama's Family's production, flying back and forth each week between New York City and Los Angeles.  While the commute was brutal, she remembered it fondly, referring to that stage of her career as "All My Paychecks".[citation needed] 
In 2007, Lyman guest-starred in the third season of the reimagined Battlestar Galactica as Starbuck's mother. Lyman is currently living in New York City after spending time in California. In California, she made a guest appearance on Reba, playing Reba Hart's mother. 
Lyman performed "My Kitchen Wars" in Hollywood and New York as a one-woman show based on the book by Betty Fussell. She also appeared in The Blacklist in Season 6 Episode 4, "The Pawnbrokers". She played the role of Norma in a guest appearance on Murder She Wrote, Season 12 Episode 3 "The Secret of Gila Junction". It first aired on October 5, 1995. 
Subulininae is a subfamily of small tropical air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Achatinidae. 
In this subfamily, the number of haploid chromosomes lies between 26 and 35 (according to the values in this table). 
Pegorari was twice Italian champion (Slalom 1972, Combined 1973). Best results were a 2nd place (Slalom Mt. St. Anne/4 March 1973) and a 3rd place (Slalom Naeba/13 March 1973). 
This biographical article relating to alpine skiing in Italy is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Vepris lecomteana, synonym Oricia lecomteana, is a species of plant in the family Rutaceae. It is found in Cameroon, the Republic of the Congo, Gabon and Nigeria. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss. 
Duane served a brief term as United States Secretary of the Treasury in 1833. His refusal to withdraw Federal deposits from the Second Bank of the United States led to his dismissal by President Andrew Jackson. 
Duane was born on May 9, 1780 in Clonmel, County Tipperary, Ireland. Duane emigrated to the United States with his parents, William Duane, and Catherine Corcoran in 1796, settling in Philadelphia. He assisted his father in publishing the Aurora, a pro-Jeffersonian Philadelphia newspaper, until 1806. He became an influential lawyer and served several terms in the Pennsylvania General Assembly, becoming one of the most powerful state politicians in Pennsylvania at the time. 
He was married on December 31, 1805 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, to Deborah Franklin Bache, who was born on October 1, 1781 in Philadelphia, and died on February 12, 1863 in Philadelphia. His father-in-law was Richard Bache, Sr., a marine insurance underwriter and importer in Philadelphia. Bache served as United States Postmaster General from 1776 to 1782. His mother-in-law was Sarah Franklin Bache, the daughter of Benjamin Franklin. 
Duane supported Jackson for president in 1824 and 1828. He declined appointments to serve as government director of the Second Bank of the United States and United States District Attorney. 
Duane defended his own position in his book Narrative and Correspondence Concerning the Removal of the Deposites, and Occurrences Connected Therewith, published in 1838. 
But Duane is not without fault. When all is said and done, he placed his own judgment above that of the President. All because of wounded pride, he challenged not only Jackson's policy but his authority to make that policy. He was a small-minded, inconsequential bureaucrat, and he deserved to be sacked.
Bradley attended the University of Texas at Austin. Bradley found the Texas Longhorns basketball program appealing in part because he had spent parts of his childhood in Arlington, where he became a fan of T. J. Ford. 
In April 2010, Bradley declared for the NBA draft, forgoing his final three years of college eligibility. 
Bradley was selected with the 19th overall pick in the 2010 NBA draft by the Boston Celtics. On July 2, 2010, he signed his rookie scale contract with the Celtics. The same day, he underwent successful ankle surgery and subsequently missed the 2010 NBA Summer League. 
On March 25, 2021, Bradley, Kelly Olynyk, and a 2022 draft pick swap were traded to the Houston Rockets in exchange for Victor Oladipo. The Rockets chose not to pick up his $5.9 million team option which made him a free agent. 
On September 24, 2021, Bradley signed with the Golden State Warriors. However, he was waived on October 15 after four preseason games. 
Bradley has a son, Avery Bradley III, who was born just two weeks after Bradley's mother died, in September 2013. He began hosting a basketball camp, the Avery Bradley Skills Academy, for Boston-area children in the summer of 2014. 
In 1968, Alden Hanson started negotiations with Bob Lange to add Flo-fit to Lange's boot designs. Lange proved interested, and hired Chris, an industrial designer, and his brother Denny (Alden Hanson Jr.), a salesman for Head Skis, to help design a system to incorporate the newly christened "Lange-flo" into their boot lineup. However, Chris proved more interested in developing a new boot design than working on Lange-flo, and Lange dismissed them both in 1969.[N 1] 
However, the liners ended up failing when the Lange-flo interacted with the vinyl in cold weather. This allowed the Lange-flo to squeeze into the boot, and led to millions of dollars in warranty work in the 1969-1970 season. 
During 1969, the Hansons were building prototypes of their new boot design, and in June 1970, they formed Hanson Industries to produce them. The boot was moulded in two halves, front and back, both of relatively simple shaping that made them very easy to remove from the moulds, at least compared to traditional front-entry designs like Lange where the shaping results in complex moulds. A single buckle locked the rear portion forward onto the front for closure. 
During the later half of the 1970s, many ski and boot companies rushed to introduce their own rear-entry designs. This was particularly attractive to companies that had not previously been involved in boots, as the traditional market for front-entry systems was fairly well established. 
O'Brien, Scott and Rosemount all introduced versions similar to the Hanson. K2 introduced the "Three", which reversed the Hanson pattern by making the rear flap much larger and bucking on the front like a conventional front-entry design. None of these had a major impact on Hanson's sales, and in the period between 1978 and 1981, the company was shipping an average of 120,000 pairs of boots a year. This represented about half of the high end boot market in the US, at least on a dollar basis. 
Flush with success, Hanson decided to reverse this pattern and enter the ski market. Hexcel produced a well-regarded product using a honeycomb material in place of wood or foam, but the company decided to focus on the aerospace market and was looking to sell their ski factory. Hanson purchased the entire line. They also arranged a deal with the Spyder ski wear brand, offering high-end racing boots under this marque. 
Hanson had decided from the start to try to keep steady employment through the year, instead of using temporary workers to fill the needs of the winter season rush. To do this, the company borrowed money from the banks to fund production, which it repaid with the proceeds from sales during the winter. When US interest rates soared to 22% in 1980, the company was hard hit. They started looking for a European factory, but never finalized a deal. 
To add to their problems, the winter of 1982-83 was famed for a lack of snow, and the entire ski industry was hard hit. Many Hanson dealers failed to pay, and the company quickly ran out of cash. In 1984, they sold the company to Daiwa, their Japanese distributor, who quickly withdrew the brand from North America and Europe. It continues to exist in Japan.[N 2] 
Salomon started as a ski binding company, but watched the boot market throughout the 1970s. In 1979, they introduced their first boot, the SX90, a complex rear-entry design. The design did not sell well, with only 30,000 examples shipping in the next two seasons. 
Salomon continued development, and in 1983, they introduced the SX91 design. The SX91 offered easy control over almost every possible movement of the boot. It was a huge success, entering the market right as Hanson was in the process of exiting it. Sales were limited only by their ability to manufacture enough to meet demand. Entries from Nordica and the three-part designs from Raichle propelled the rear-entry design to the forefront, making up about 80% of the market in 1987. 
After selling the company, the Hanson brothers continued to work with the Flo-fit material, founding the Flolite company and offering a number of products outside the ski industry. These included boot inserts, bike seats and wheel chair cushions, among others. 
During the 2000s, Denny re-entered the ski boot market with the Apex ski boot. The Apex consists of two entirely separate parts, a semi-stiff boot that uses the Boa Closure System instead of laces or buckles, and an outer carbon fibre shell that provides the needed lateral support and mounting points for conventional downhill ski bindings. 
Ageratina is derived from Greek meaning 'un-aging', in reference to the flowers keeping their color for a long time. This name was used by Dioscorides for a number of different plants. 
All Times Through Paradise is a box set compilation comprising the Saints' albums, singles released between 1977 and 1978, their EP One Two Three Four and unreleased 1977 performances from Paddington Town Hall, Sydney and The Hope and Anchor, London (titled Live In London 26/11/77). The discs were later released separately in 2007, except for Live In London 26/11/77 which remained exclusive to this set. 
Monterrey is a town and municipality in the Department of Casanare, Colombia. It is located approximately 105 kilometers south-west of the city Yopal, the capital of the Casanare department.  
Previous to the Spanish conquest, this area was largely under the influence of the Muisca civilization. The social, cultural and productive organization was the most developed in what is now known as Colombia. The process of conquest began in 1499 and lasted until 1550. Following the conquest, the new government, whose powers were bestowed by Phillip II, subjugated the region and its native peoples.  
Monterrey possesses varied geological reliefs which offers a diversity of mountain landscapes, piedmont, upland, hills, and valleys. 
In Monterrey, the plains are located in two small areas: the Southeast and Northeast. The plains present deposits of sedimentation of fine material, brought in from the rivers originating in the mountainous areas. The plains are largely flat terrain. 
Most of the native vegetation in the municipality has been removed or deforested by its inhabitants. The undergrowth consists of numerous shrubs, woody vines, herbaceous plants and epiphyte. The following vegetation is the most abundant in the area: 
The municipality of Monterrey, like most of the foothills of the Colombian plains has very little wildlife due to extensive hunting and intense human interference over forests and ecosystems, turning natural habitats into pastures and agricultural crops.  
Monterrey hosts a varied and unique range of aviary life. The most common species of bird in the region are the Roadside hawk. The following species of birds are also found:  
The most common are the armadillo, Capybara, Lowland Paca, Deer, Bear, Anteater, Sloth Bear, Bat, Squirrel, Pheasant, Fox, and others.   
Pachyelasma is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family, Fabaceae. It belongs to the subfamily Caesalpinioideae. 
Jason Pawley (born 11 July 1972) is a New Zealand cricketer who played in one first-class and one List A match for Central Districts in 1994/95 and 1995/96. 
This biographical article related to a New Zealand cricketer born in the 1970s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Remember Sports is an American indie rock band from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States. Formed in Gambier, Ohio, and originally just named Sports, they have released four albums on Father/Daughter Records. 
In August 2016, Remember Sports released a demo of their song "Makin It Right", which was featured on the Clearmountain Compilation Vol. 1. 
In November 2017, the band announced their name change from Sports to Remember Sports to avoid confusion with other bands, including the Oklahoma-based band, Sports. In 2018, the band released their third album titled Slow Buzz. In 2020, the group contributed a cover of the song "Just the Girl" by the Click Five for a tribute compilation celebrating the life of musician Adam Schlesinger. In 2021, the band announced their fourth LP, Like a Stone, released on April 23, 2021. 
Deception Bay Sea Baths are heritage-listed swimming pools at Captain Cook Parade, Deception Bay, Moreton Bay Region, Queensland, Australia. They were built around the 1880s and 1890s by Joseph Bancroft. It is also known as Bancroft Sea Baths. It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 4 July 2006. 
Joseph had property at Deception Bay by the early 1880s and by 1890, owned 1,500 hectares (3,700 acres). He lived at Wickham Terrace and visited his Deception Bay property with his family on weekends and holidays. At the bay, he pastured cattle, established a dried beef factory and experimented with rice crops and artificially cultivating pearls. He also used the property as a research station supporting his studies of botany and zoology. 
The Bancroft family believe that Joseph constructed the baths. Bancroft family members state that Joseph's wife, Ann, suffered with a chronic illness and that Joseph had the Boardwalk Bath shaped for her from natural tidal pools because she found that sea bathing helped her condition. This conclusion is supported by the relatively small size of the bath. 
A number of artificial rock pools, dating to the late 19th Century and early 20th Century, exist in New South Wales, generally of a larger scale than the Deception Bay pools. Like the Deception Bay pools, they are formed by enhancing natural rock formations by excavation and the use of artificial walls. The Deception Bay tidal baths are believed to be the only surviving 19th Century baths of their type in Queensland. 
A number of the Bancroft holdings were bought from Thomas by the Dunne brothers in the early 1900s. They pastured a dairy herd, grew some crops and established oyster leases along the foreshore. The sides of the Fisheries Bath show the remains of oysters and this suggests that the bath was used by the Dunne brothers to cultivate the shellfish. 
The baths have been excavated a number of times. Due to their location within the inter-tidal zone, they fill with silt soon after excavation. In November 2004, an archaeological survey of the baths was completed in which each bath was recorded and analysed in detail. 
Notches to secure timber steps are located on the northern edge. After the 2004 survey, the remnants of the hardwood steps were left in the bath. 
Deception Bay Sea Baths was listed on the Queensland Heritage Register on 4 July 2006 having satisfied the following criteria. 
The baths are uncommon surviving examples of 19th century sea baths. They are likely to be the only extant examples of their type in Queensland. Excavated from the sandstone in the inter-tidal zone of the Deception Bay foreshore, they were filled by the incoming tide. The Boardwalk Bath was drained via a pipe built into the bottom of the bath. 
The place is important in demonstrating the principal characteristics of a particular class of cultural places. 
The place has a special association with the life or work of a particular person, group or organisation of importance in Queensland's history. 
 This Wikipedia article was originally based on "The Queensland heritage register" published by the State of Queensland under CC-BY 3.0 AU licence (accessed on 7 July 2014, archived on 8 October 2014). The geo-coordinates were originally computed from the "Queensland heritage register boundaries" published by the State of Queensland under CC-BY 3.0 AU licence (accessed on 5 September 2014, archived on 15 October 2014). 
"He [Taqizadeh] had won deserved fame by his fearless independence and wonderful grasp of political affairs. There is something so sympathetic in his face, so attractive, with eyes sparkling with cheerful animation. (...). If I am not mistaken he is of those whose genius is capable of inspiring great enthusiasm, great sacrifices, and whose influence leaves a lasting impression of the history of nations." (Edward Granville Browne) 
"In which position was Taqizadeh true and sincere? What were the motives of that contradictory behaviour? He was not adept at political truth and honour." (Fereydun Adamiyat) 
1896: Established the Tarbiyat (Education) school and a bookshop and set up a pharmacy in collaboration with his friends in Tabriz. 
1898: Taught physics at Loqmaniya in Tabriz. Translated the book  'Ajaeb-e Asemani (Astrnomie Populaire) by Camille Flammarion. 
1899/1900: Studied English at the American Memorial School in Tabriz (the Presbyterian mission school in Tabriz). 
1904: Travelled to the Caucasus and Istanbul for six months, to Egypt for several months and to Beirut for fifty days. Published the discourse Tahqiq-e Ahval-e kononi-ye Iran ba Mohakemat-e Tarikhi (Research into the contemporary condition of Iran from historical perspective) in newspaper Hekmat (Wisdom), in Cairo. 
August 1909: Arrived in Tehran after the victory of Mojaheds. Membership to the "Temporarily Board of Directors". Elected deputy to the Second Majles. 
October 1909: Deputy to the Second Majles and parliamentary leader of Ferqeh-ye Demokrat-e Iran (Democratic Party of Iran). 
June 1913: Left for New York, staying for nineteen months in the United States of America. Published four political articles in French about the political situations of Iran, Ottoman and Arabic countries in Revue du Monde Musulman (Study of the Muslim World). 
January 1915: Left the United States of America for Germany (Berlin), travelling through the Netherlands. 
July 1924: Returned to Iran. Elected deputy to the Fifth Majles. Became member of the Ma'aref (Cultural Affairs) Commission. 
June 1926: Travelled to the United States of America as official Iranian representative to the Philadelphia Sesquicentennial Exposition of 1926. Membership of the "Council of Founders" of the "Society of National Opuses". 
1934: Travelled to the United Kingdom for his Lecture at Royal Society of Arts about the Iranian situation. End of his duties assigned to him by the Iranian embassy in Paris. Left for Berlin, staying there for fifteen months. 
1936: Went to London to teach at the then School of Oriental Studies (SOAS), University of London. Taqizadeh was a temporary member of the teaching staff of Iranian and Persian Studies alongside Vladimir Minorsky, A. J. Arberry and W. B. Henning. He briefly moved with SOAS to University of Cambridge when SOAS was evacuated to there at the beginning of the World War II. 
October 1941: Became Iranian ambassador to the United Kingdom. Was Chairman of the Iranian delegation to the United Nations in connection with the case of Azerbaijan. 
October 1947: Elected deputy from Tabriz to the Fifteenth Majles. Was Chairman of the Iranian Board at the Congress of Orientalists (Cambridge, United Kingdom), Chairman of the Iranian Board at International Congress of Avicenna (Baghdad), Chairman of International Congress of Avicenna (Tehran). 
1954: Was Scientific adviser and member of the Board of Directors of the "Translation Institution and Book Publication". 
1957: Chairman of the Iranian Board at Congress of Orientalists (Munich). Went to the United States of America for teaching at Columbia University. 
1958: Was Chairman of the Iranian Society of Philosophy and Humanities. Participated in the establishment of an offset printing-house. 
The Vancouver Giants hosted the 2007 Memorial Cup tournament, which also featured the WHL champion Medicine Hat Tigers.  The Plymouth Whalers represented the Ontario Hockey League, and the Lewiston Maineiacs represented the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League. 
The 2007 WHL Bantam Draft was the 18th Bantam Draft. It was hosted by the Stampede Park Round-Up Centre on Thursday May 3, 2007, via the internet. 
USS Pluck (AMc-94) was an Accentor-class coastal minesweeper acquired by the U.S. Navy for the dangerous task of removing mines from minefields laid in the water to prevent ships from passing. 
Pluck, a wooden-hulled coastal minesweeper, was laid down 7 June 1941 by the Noank Shipbuilding Co., Noank, Connecticut, launched 4 April 1942 and placed in service 6 October 1942, Lt. (j.g.) J. C. Butt, USNR, in charge. 
Following shakedown and training, Pluck departed Miami, Florida, 19 February 1943, for San Juan, Puerto Rico. She soon operated from the American naval base at Trinidad, British West Indies. She conducted minesweeping operations in the Caribbean to protect Allied shipping. 
Pluck was decommissioned 12 November 1945. She was struck from the Naval Vessel Register 8 May 1946. Transferred to the Maritime Commission 24 November 1947, she was subsequently sold. 
Spellman was born Gladys Blossom Noon in New York City and attended Eastern and Roosevelt high schools in Washington, D.C. She graduated from George Washington University, Washington, D.C., and graduate school with the United States Department of Agriculture. 
Spellman became a teacher, and taught in Prince George's County, Maryland, schools. A consummate politician, Spellman was part of the wave of young, new suburban dwellers who moved to Prince George's County from Washington and elsewhere in the years after World War II, and that group remained her constituency throughout her political career. 
During the 1950s and 1960s, Spellman was a teacher and president of the PTA for Happy Acres Elementary School (renamed the Gladys Noon Spellman Elementary School in 1991) and a civic association activist as a young mother and housewife in Cheverly. Her activities led to leadership positions in the reform movement that seized control of the Prince George's County government during the 1960s, ousting the old guard Democratic organization that had managed affairs in Prince George's for decades. 
In 1979, the Supersisters trading card set was produced and distributed; one of the cards featured Spellman's name and picture. 
On October 31, 1980, Spellman was judging a Halloween costume contest at the Laurel Mall when she collapsed after suffering an incapacitating heart attack. She was re-elected to Congress with 80% of the vote against a little-known Republican opponent on November 4, 1980, but it soon became clear that she would be comatose for the remaining years of her life. 
Spellman never regained consciousness and died in a Maryland nursing home on June 19, 1988, after nearly 8 years in a coma. She and her husband are buried at Arlington National Cemetery. 
He served as the captain of the General Lincoln and carried letters for John Adams. He held  a letter of marque from the fledgling American government to harass, sink or capture British and allied shipping. 
He later brought back the first shipload of pepper bought directly from the natives of the Dutch Spice Islands and thus opened the way to that trade in America and made a fortune in the process. 
Osteopygis is a genus of extinct turtle. Osteopygis, as traditionally seen, is a chimera: the postcrania (including the holotype) belong to a non-marine stem-cryptodire, whilst the crania belong to sea turtles. In 2005 the referred material was split between two taxa: the postcrania remained in Osteopygis, while the crania were reassigned to Euclastes wielandi. 
Telmatobius peruvianus, also known as the Peru water frog, is a species of frog in the family Telmatobiidae. This semiaquatic frog is endemic to Andean highlands in southeastern Peru and far northern Chile where found  in streams and small rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss, pollution, collection for human consumption and infection by chytrid fungi, and it has not been seen in Chile since 1986. 
This article about a property in Butler County, Missouri on the National Register of Historic Places is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This is the 25th studio album by Peter Hammill, released on his Fie! label in 1998. There is a large variety in the compositions, ranging from the minimalism of the final song, "The Light Continent", to the rough, almost Nadir-like sound of "Always is Next", the complex "Unrehearsed" and the ballad "Since the Kids". Peter Hammill performed the song "Unrehearsed" live many times. "Nightman" can be heard on the live-album Veracious (2006). 
The cover shows a tree stump and a collection of objects, signifying the passing of time. There is a tachograph disc, ripped out of the machine at high speed on one of the tours, and a picture of a wristwatch that used to belong to Hammill's father. The design was done by RidArt (Paul Ridout). 
The district serves portions of Young County (including the city of Olney), Archer County (including the town of Megargel), Baylor County, and Throckmorton County. 
Prior to fall 2006, Megargel ISD served the town of Megargel and portions of Archer, Baylor, Throckmorton, and Young Counties, while Olney ISD served Olney and portions of Archer and Young counties. 
Megargel School (along with the town of Megargel) had declined for years, and was running out of funds. The school board voted to consolidate with Olney ISD, subject to voter approval on May 13, 2006. The vote was in favor of consolidation with 79% of voters in favor. The school and district closed after the school year ended. Olney ISD announced plans to hire former Megargel ISD employees. 
Lisa Lockhart (born November 11, 1965) is an American professional rodeo cowgirl who specializes in barrel racing. In December 2014 and 2016, she won the Average at the National Finals Rodeo (NFR) in Las Vegas, Nevada. 
Lockhart was born on November 11, 1965, in Wolf Point, Montana. Lockhart started riding at 6-years-old with a pony. Her two sisters were key in drawing her into competition. Lockhart graduated from Montana State University. She then turned her amateur career into a professional one. 
Lockhart joined the WPRA in 1993. In addition to being a two-time NFR Average Champion, Lockhart has the second most qualifications to the NFR with 13, with Charmayne James and Sherry Cervi tied for first with 19 each. She is in 8th place for most money won at an NFR with $151,731 in 2016. For WPRA Career Earnings Leaders through 2018, she is second only to Sherry Cervi with $2,425,713. She is also a two-time winner of the RFD-TV American Rodeo. 
Lockhart qualified for the NFR in the 2019 season. Her season earnings are $146,352. She finished 3rd in the World Rankings. Her career earnings to date are $2,572,065. 
Highlights from this season include winning the following rodeos: the Tri-State Rodeo in Fort Madison, Iowa; the McCone County Fair PRCA Rodeo in Circle, Montana; the BHSU Rally Rode and Bullfights in Spearfish, South Dakota; the Killdeer PRCA Rodeo in Killdeer, North Dakota; the Calgary Stampede in Calgary, Alberta. 
In the 2018 season, Lockhart placed #4 in the World Standings. Her total year earnings were $123.515. Her back number was 39. Her NFR qualifications were 12 (2007-2018). To date, Lockhart's total career earnings are $2,378,482. 
Her prominent horse is named "An Oakie With Cash", nicknamed Louie out of Biebers Oakie by Lady Kaweah Cash. Louie is a 18-year-old buckskin (horse) gelding as of 2021. 
Another of her horses is nicknamed "Rosa" out of Corona Cartel by Dash Ta Vanila. She is an 11-year-old buckskin mare as of 2021. She owns one other horse registered name Prime Diamond, nicknamed Cutter. He is a 10-year-old black gelding by Prime Talent, out of Hugos Diamond. 
In 1994, she married her husband Grady, a professional tie-down roper. They have three children. Lockhart spends her time off riding young horses and spending time with her children. She and her family reside in Oelrichs, South Dakota, a small town of 126 at the 2010 census. 
The Lancashire and Cheshire Women's cricket team was the women's representative cricket team for the historic counties of Lancashire and Cheshire. They competed in the Women's Area Championship from 1980 to 1996 and in the Women's County Championship in 1997, after which they were replaced by individual teams representing Lancashire and Cheshire. 
Players who played for Lancashire and Cheshire and played internationally are listed below, in order of first international appearance (noted in brackets): 
The Wall is a 2017 American war thriller film directed by Doug Liman and written by Dwain Worrell. The film follows two American soldiers (Aaron Taylor-Johnson and John Cena) trapped by an Iraqi sniper. Produced by Amazon Studios, it was released on May 12, 2017 by Roadside Attractions. The film received mixed reviews from audiences but positive reviews from critics and grossed $4.5 million against a $3 million budget. 
At the close of the Iraq War, U.S. Army Staff Sergeant Shane Matthews (John Cena) is a sniper who is sent to investigate a pipeline construction site in the desert of the country, with his spotter, Sergeant Allen Isaac (Aaron Taylor-Johnson). 
Isaac's attempts to call headquarters for help are stymied by the loss of his radio antennae. He attempts to repair this item with one from a dead contractor's radio, only to discern that the sniper had used the earlier response team as a ruse to call for help and lure another response force into his jaws. 
Matthews regains consciousness and subtly gets Isaac's attention that he's still alive. Matthews slowly crawls towards his rifle in the midst of the dusty wind along with Isaac distracting Juba with small talk. Matthews believes that the sniper is hiding at the top of some rubble nearby and fires in that direction. The dusty wind settles quickly. The sniper sees Matthews and fires, injuring Matthews in the left shoulder as he crawled towards the wall, but a second shot kills him. 
On March 29, 2016, it was reported that Doug Liman had been hired to direct the psychological thriller. Glen Basner's FilmNation Entertainment handled the film's international sales at the 2016 Cannes Film Festival, allowing for a theatrical release. 
On May 9, 2016, Variety confirmed that Aaron Taylor-Johnson had joined the film's cast to play Isaac, the junior American soldier. On November 29, it was reported that Amazon had partnered with Roadside Attractions to distribute the film, which would also star John Cena, and the film would now follow two American soldiers. Amazon produced the film along with Big Indie Pictures, and Picrow, and Dave Bartis. 
Principal photography on the film ended in November 2016 with a release of first look image. US Ranger Sniper Nicholas Irving "The Reaper" was an on-set adviser for the film. 
Director Doug Liman reveals on the DVD commentary that the original ending of the film was a happy ending with the successful rescue of Sgt. Isaac.  After the first public showing,  Liman went back to Amazon Studios for additional money to reshoot the ending. 
The Wall was scheduled to be released  on March 10, 2017, by Roadside Attractions but was pushed back to May 12, 2017. 
The Grand Darray (also spelled Grand Darrey) (3,514 m) is a mountain of the Mont Blanc massif, located north of La Fouly in the canton of Valais. It lies on the range east of the Aiguille de l'A Neuve, between the Saleina Glacier and the main Ferret valley. 
Carol Jean Menken-Schaudt (born November 23, 1957) is an American All-American basketball player from Jefferson, Oregon, who won a gold medal on the U.S. team at the 1984 Summer Olympics. Menken-Schaudt later played basketball professionally for eight seasons, including six years in Italy and two in Japan. 
Carol Menken, born in Albany, Oregon, attended and graduated Jefferson High School in Jefferson, Oregon, a small community located in Marion County. During her time at the small school Menken was unable to play high school basketball every year as a coach was not always available. Consequently, following her graduation in 1975 Menken was unrecruited and she enrolled on her own at the local Linn-Benton Community College, majoring in graphic arts. 
Menken-Schaudt played on the 1983 World University Games team, coached by Jill Hutchison. She averaged 11 points per games, and had a 25-point contribution in the semi-final against Yugoslavia, a game the USA won by only a single point. She helped the team go on to win the gold medal. 
In 1984, the USA sent its national team to the 1984 William Jones Cup competition in Taipei, Taiwan, for pre-Olympic practice. The team easily beat each of the eight teams they played, winning by an average of just under 50 points per game. Menken-Schaudt averaged 4.1 points per game. 
Following graduation, Menken-Schaudt played professionally for eight years, logging six seasons in Italy and two more in Japan. She credits playing professionally with helping to extend her playing days, thereby allowing her the opportunity to make the gold medal-winning 1984 American Olympic team. 
Carol Menken-Schaudt was inducted into the Oregon Sports Hall of Fame in 1993 and the Pac-12 Conference Hall of Honor in 2017. 
Mary Mellish was born in Pownal, Prince Edward Island, the daughter of James Lewis Mellish and Margaret Sophia Murray. She trained as a teacher at the normal school in Charlottetown. She earned her teaching licence in 1864. She pursued further studies at Mount Allison Wesleyan College in Sackville, New Brunswick. 
Mellish served as teacher and senior female staff member of the female academy at Mount Allison Wesleyan College from 1871 to 1873. She left the classroom to marry, but returned to teaching when she became a widow and sole support of her young son. She resumed her place on the faculty at Mount Allison in 1885, and stayed at Sackville for sixteen years, working with principal Byron Crane Borden to improve the school into a ladies' college. 
Beyond her school leadership work, Mellish was active in temperance work and other Methodist Church activities. 
Mary Mellish married fellow educator Abram Newcomb Archibald in 1874. They had a son, Raymond Clare Archibald (1875-1955), who became a noted mathematician and historian of mathematics. Abram Archibald died from typhoid in 1883. Mary Mellish Archibald died from pneumonia in January 1901 in New York City, a few weeks before her 52nd birthday. 
The Mary Mellish Archibald Library of Folklore at Mount Allison University was begun by her son in 1905, as a memorial gift to the school. 
Broadwell Township is located in Logan County, Illinois. At the 2010 census, its population was 3,549 and it contained 256 housing units.  Most of the residents of the township are inmates at the Lincoln and Logan Correctional Centers. 
Arhopala admete is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It was described by William Chapman Hewitson in 1863. It is found in the Australasian realm, where it has been recorded from Serang, Obi, Bachan and Halmahera. 
Galium verum (lady's bedstraw or yellow bedstraw) is a herbaceous perennial plant of the family Rubiaceae. It is widespread across most of Europe, North Africa, and temperate Asia from Palestine, Lebanon and Turkey to Japan and Kamchatka. It is naturalized in Tasmania, New Zealand, Canada, and the northern half of the United States. It is considered a noxious weed in some places. 
Frigg was the goddess of married women, in Norse mythology. She helped women give birth to children, and as Scandinavians used the plant lady's bedstraw (Galium verum) as a sedative, they called it Frigg's grass. 
Many varietal and subspecific names have been proposed, but only four are currently (May 2014) recognized: 
Ship Arriving Too Late to Save a Drowning Witch is an album by Frank Zappa, released in May 1982 and digitally remastered in 1991. It features five tracks composed by Zappa, and one song, "Valley Girl", co-written with his  daughter, Moon Zappa, then a teen, who provided the spoken monologue mocking Valley girls, including phrases like "Gag me with a spoon!". 
The album's first half consists of studio recordings, while the second half consists of live recordings. 
Side 1 was recorded at Zappa's Utility Muffin Research Kitchen studio at his home in Los Angeles; while Side 2 consisted of live performances from Zappa's fall 1981 U.S. tour with studio overdubs. The live material was originally intended for a double album tentatively titled either Chalk Pie or Crush All Boxes II, which was scrapped after Zappa's record distributor requested a single album instead. 
The cover art for the album (from which it gets its name) shows the classic Droodle, by Roger Price. The shapes in the cover art also suggest the letters "ZA" (and "P", sideways), as in "Zappa". At the time of the album's production, Price was living nearby to Zappa. 
The phrase "Ebzen Sauce" in "No Not Now" is derived from "Epsom Salt", an alternative name for magnesium sulfate,. In the February 1983 issue of Guitar Player magazine, the song was said to have an "extremely distinctive bass line", which Zappa liked "because for people who don't understand what's going on in the rest of the song, there's always the bass line". 
The album "was mixed on JBL4311 speakers" with MicMix Dynaflanger and Aphex compressors, consequently giving a "played up" prominence to its songs' bass lines. 
The original LP release contained a note that reads "This album has been engineered to sound correct on JBL 4311 speakers or an equivalent. Best results will be achieved if you set your pre-amp tone controls to the flat position with the loudness control in the off position. Before adding any treble or bass to the sound of the album, it would be advisable to check it out this way first. F.Z." 
It was issued on CD by EMI with The Man from Utopia on the same disc, and separately by Barking Pumpkin, and later Rykodisc. 
XL from Coast to Coast is the third album by alternative rock group Alien Crime Syndicate released in 2002 through V2 and The Control Group, incorporating influences like The Replacements and Urge Overkill. The Japanese edition contains a cover of Elton John's "Don't Go Breaking My Heart" recorded with Duff McKagan and Kim Warnick. 
Her credits include time presenting a Saturday afternoon show on London based talk station LBC between 3pm and 6pm. She was also the station's "Showbiz" editor. She used to have her own show on Galaxy Digital which was on Sunday afternoons between 1pm and 4pm, and took a look back at the previous week's highlights in the showbiz world. 
This British biographical article related to radio is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
He worked as a partner in Oldham company Potts, Pickup & Dixon (run by fellow Methodists) from 1880 to around 1889 when he set up his own practice. In 1906 Dixon's son Ernest joined the practice and it became F. W. Dixon & Son. By that time Frederick Dixon had built 12 cotton mills in Oldham. 
In his early mills Dixon used yellow brick to decorate the facades.  His later mills used pronounced piers or buttresses between the windows, extending unbroken from the ground to the parapet.  The water tower designs drew from a variety of architectural styles. 
The Dixons designed 22 mills in Oldham containing 1.8 million spindles, making him responsible for about 30% of the capacity increase at that time.[citation needed] 
He also designed chapels such as the one for the Swedenborgians in Failsworth and the Primitive Methodists in Chadderton.[citation needed] 
From 1896 Dixon lived in (and travelled to Oldham from) Southport, Lancashire. He became prominent in the town's politics, serving as mayor and Justice of the Peace in the borough. 
Argentina competed at the 1984 Summer Paralympics in Stoke Mandeville, Great Britain and New York City, United States. 6 competitors from Argentina won no medals and so did not place in the medal table. 
This article relating to an Ancient Roman myth or legend is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Hoffeinsomyia is an extinct genus of small-headed flies in the family Acroceridae. It is known from Baltic amber from the Eocene of Kaliningrad Oblast, Russia. It contains only one species, Hoffeinsomyia leptogaster. 
This article related to members of the fly superfamily Nemestrinoidea is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This biographical article related to karate in Japan is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The first international awareness day for preterm birth on 17 November was created by European parent organizations in 2008. It has been celebrated as World Prematurity Day since 2011. It has since evolved into a worldwide annual observance. 
Parent groups, families, health professionals, politicians, hospitals, organisations and other stakeholders involved in preterm birth observe this day with media campaigns, local events and other activities conducted on local, regional, national or international level to raise awareness among the public. In 2013, WPD was celebrated in over 60 countries. 
Purple is the official color for World Prematurity Day. Observers of World Prematurity Day may wear your purple ribbon pin or use a purple lightbulb. 
People observing World Prematurity Day on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram use the hashtags: #PrematurityAwarenessMonth and #WorldPrematurityDay on their posts. 
Macrocheilus varians is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Anthiinae. It was described by Peringuey in 1904. 
Mr. Jun, the head of a Taiwanese shipbuilding company, was murdered by Pang, who is vice-president of the company. Pang decided to take over the company, but his plan did not progress smoothly because Jun's daughter Li-Hwa (Jeong Yun-hui) inherits his fortune. 
Meanwhile, Li-Hwa spends her day playing tennis and learning kung fu from her friend Hyun-Hee (Seo Yeong-ran) who is a Taekwondo master. However Li-Hwa's skill in Taekwondo gave her a hard task since Pang and his gang were attempt to kidnap her. Even worse, Pang hires Hong Kong triads so that they can force Li-Hwa to sign the inherited contract. 
When Li-Hwa is kidnapped, Hyun-Hee decided to rescue her and get help from the mysterious man Kim Min-wuk (Kim Tai-chung) who had fallen in love to Li-Hwa. Hyun-Hee and Min-wuk rescue Li-Hwa safely at the end. 
The movie was only screened in South Korea in 1981 and after that the movie was considered to be lost except for a few VHS copies. The movie was not revealed to an international audience fully until 2011, when the movie was rediscovered by Houndslow Team, a group of martial arts fans who were tracking down rare kung fu action movies and releasing them on DVD. 
Despite with the big names with the likes of Jeong Yun-hui and Kim Tai Chung's initial marketing campaign with being Bruce Lee's double in Game of Death, the film was a box office failure, gaining only the local Korean audiences of 22352 viewers only.  
The film was also praised by many cult film fans/followers as one of Kim Tai Chung's rare and exciting performance with plenty of powerful fight scenes put on to it together. As of 2020, the film is known for the cult following among the martial arts movie fans for being Tai Chung's only local South Korean film role to date, as well as having a score of 7 out of 10 on IMDb.  
Kim Tai-chung stated that he was planned to release the movie on DVD, but before he could release it, he died by stomach hemorrhage. The movie was released only few copy of VHS tapes in 1981. In 2011, Houndslow Team released the movie on DVD in a 4:3 aspect ratio remastered version with English subtitles. 
As of 2020, the fully remastered Wide-screen version of the film is available through LG Uplus+ LTE Video Portal with the exclusive subscriptions only in South Korea.  
Partly due to financial concerns Humphrey opened her own dance school, with her mother as manager and pianist, in 1913 at the age of 18. It was a great success, offering classic, gymnastic and ballroom dance for children and ballroom dance for young adults. 
In 1917, at the instigation of Mary Wood Hinman, she moved to California and entered the Denishawn School of Dancing and Related Arts where she studied, performed, taught classes and learned choreography. Her creations from this era, Valse Caprice (Scarf Dance), Soaring, and Scherzo Waltz (Hoop Dance) are all still performed today. She remained involved for the next decade. Humphrey toured the Orient for two years followed by a successful career in American vaudeville theaters. 
Short in stature, Doris was no taller than 5'3" and had a slender build. In 1932 she married Charles Woodford (a merchant.) She had one child, a son named Charles Humphrey Woodford (born 1934.) 
In 1928, Humphrey and Charles Weidman, who had worked closely with Humphrey, left the Denishawn School and moved to New York City. Along with Humphrey and Weidman, Martha Graham also rebelled against the Denishawn establishment during this time. Humphrey and Graham separately developed new ideas about the core dynamics of dance movement that eventually formed the basis of each of their techniques. 
Humphrey's theory explored the nuances of the human body's responses to gravity, embodied in her principle of "fall and recovery". She called this "the arc between two deaths". At one extreme, an individual surrenders to the nature of gravity; at the other, one attempts to achieve balance. Through the fall and recovery principle, Humphrey is able to illustrate emotional and physical climax of struggling for stability and submitting to the laws of gravity. 
Her choreography from these early years includes Air for the G String, Water Study, Life of the Bee, Two Ecstatic Themes, and The Shakers. Unlike the Denishawn approach in choreography, finding inspiration from abroad, Humphrey sought inspiration from within her home, America. The Shakers, about the 18th century American religious group, is a notable example of finding inspiration from America. 
Humphrey was a participant of the Federal Dance Project (FDP), created in the 1930s as part of Franklin Delano Roosevelt's Second New Deal. FDP was the first national program created to financially support dance and dancers. 
Humphrey expanded her choreographic work to Broadway in 1933 with School for Husbands and  again the following year with Life Begins at 8:40. 
Thirty-five of Doris Humphrey's dances are documented in Labanotation by the Dance Notation Bureau.  Introductory material includes original casts, history of the dances, stylistic notes, and other information. 
The book, Days on Earth: The Dance of Doris Humphrey, by Marcia B. Siegel was published in 1993. Siegel makes a case for Humphrey being one of the more important figures of modern dance. 
Humphrey was inducted into the National Museum of Dance's Mr. & Mrs. Cornelius Vanderbilt Whitney Hall of Fame in 1987. 
A street in her home town of Oak Park is named for her paternal grandfather, the Reverend Simon James Humphrey. 
From 2014 to 2018, one of the hospital's doctors, William Husel, allegedly overdosed 35 patients at Mount Carmel West and Mount Carmel St. Ann's. Husel is charged with the murder of 25 of them, for prescribing large doses of fentanyl, administered by nurses with no oversight. The hospital fired the doctor, paid $13 million to families in settlements, and the hospital's CEO and chief clinical officer resigned. About 20 employees were fired over the incidents. 
The Mount Carmel College of Nursing was founded by the Sisters of the Holy Cross in 1903. It has since become one of the largest baccalaureate nursing programs in the state of Ohio. It is still located to this day on the campus of Mount Carmel West. Both freshmen and sophomores are required to live on campus with both coed dorms and single student apartments. Today, it is a private, coeducational and Catholic church affiliated institution with around 1100 full-time students. 
In late 2016 a $46 million comprehensive and controversial plan was agreed that will begin in 2019 of the transformation of Mount Carmel West from a full inpatient hospital to a facility based on outpatient services while still retaining a full-service emergency department in a new location on campus. Mount Carmel Health System plans to begin demolishing the majority of Mount Carmel West hospital by spring 2019 with all demolition work to be completed by the end of 2020. 
This will also involve the inpatient Psychiatry unit which is being demolished and a new facility to be built on the east side with plans to build a new 80-bed behavioral-health hospital quadrupling the amount of beds at Mount Carmel West. 
Investments will also be made to the College of Nursing whose enrollment is expected to grow by 200 to 400 students over the next three to five years from the 1,100 students it currently has enrolled. 
The plan for the West campus is to ensure access to behavioral-health and substance-abuse treatment in Franklinton, and the surrounding area but it was unclear how those services would be provided after the transformation. 
The hospital was accessible by public transport via COTA bus services operating throughout metropolitan Columbus, Ohio. Mount Carmel West was also situated between Ohio State Route 16 and U.S. Route 62 and close enough to be seen from Interstate 70 and Ohio State Route 315 allowing for multiple points of access in downtown Columbus. It was also able to be served by a variety of airports in the region supporting medical evacuation flights and an on-site helipad. 
Elevator installers are required to lift and carry heavy parts and equipment. They are also required to work overtime when elevators are needed to be repaired quickly. Many workers are on call 24 hours a day.< 
Elevator installers go through formal apprenticeships to learn the trade and a few states require a license. 
Elevator mechanic's median annual wage was $70,910 in May 2010. 2019 average salary from 80-150 thousand a year. 
Elevator installer jobs are expected to grow 13 percent from 2014 to 2024 which is greater than the growth of all other jobs. 
This job-, occupation-, or vocation-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Great Lakes Trek commercially known as Sonamarg-Vishansar-Naranag Trek is an alpine himalayan high-altitude trek in the Kashmir Valley in the Indian administered state of Jammu and Kashmir. The trek is usually completed in 6-7 days and is rated as moderate-difficult in terms of terrain and trail difficulty. The trek is an absolute treat and worth every effort as one gets to see new alpine lakes, mountain peaks, passes, meadows and glaciers almost every subsequent day. 
The trek can be started from both, Sonmarg and Naranag but is generally considered to be easier if started from Sonamarg. If started from Srinagar, one does a base camp at a place called table top or 'Shaukdari'. Its a 6-7 hours trek from the point where the car leaves you and a good spot for a base camp as its inhabited by the local Gujjar-Bakarwal population and there is plenty of firewood available.  
The second day is a long trek to the twin lakes of Vishansar-Kishansar via the Nichnai pass. There is a possibility of finding mobile network reception at the pass on bsnl network.  
This article related to a location in Jammu and Kashmir is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Angel Fire East is  a fantasy novel by American writer Terry Brooks, the third and final novel in the Word & Void series, a prequel to his Shannara series. It was first published in 1999 by Ballantine's Del Rey division. The novel takes place around Christmas in 2012, ten years after the events of A Knight of the Word. The story returns to the town of Hopewell, Illinois as Nest Freemark and John Ross attempt to unlock a potentially world-altering magic.  
This biographical article related to a French cycling person born in the 1900s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The long-tailed wood partridge (Dendrortyx macroura) is a bird species in the family Odontophoridae, the New World quail. It is found only in Mexico. 
The long-tailed wood partridge shares the genus Dendrortyx with two other species, all of which appear to be quite distinct from each other. It has these six subspecies: 
The long-tailed wood partridge forages mainly on the ground, scratching in leaf litter, but also climbs in low branches to search. Its diet is mostly seeds and small fruits but also includes small arthropods and leaves. 
The long-tailed wood partridge's breeding season extends from February to September, with nesting itself beginning in late April. Four nests have been described. One was a depression lined with grass in a natural cavity in the ground. One was a cavity of pine needles at the base of a rock and the others were at the base of a rock outcrop and under a small shub. The last two were not well concealed. Three of them each contained four eggs and the other six eggs. 
The long-tailed wood partridge's song is "complex, loud and rhythmic", usually given as a duet by both members of a pair. One description calls it "a loud, ringing korr-EEE-oh, korr-EEE-oh, korr-EEE-oh, korr-EEE-oh". Pairs vocalize at any time of day and night during the breeding season and mostly at dawn and dusk from a night roost otherwise. The species also has an alarm call, "a repetition of short low-pitched, unmodulated squeaky notes." 
The IUCN has assessed the long-tailed wood partridge as being of Least Concern. However, its main threat is "habitat loss by land use and land cover change caused by human activities." 
Gorinsky patented tipir as rupununine (after the nearby Rupununi river), which is an antipyretic derived from the Greenheart tree. His patent claims it may be used to treat malaria and cancer. 
The Wapishana tribe grind this nut and use it to stop bleeding and as an abortifacient which provokes miscarriage. They wanted the patent rescinded, but Gorinsky replied: 
"Tough, isn't it?", he says. "I was not the only person looking at the greenheart. I just picked up a nut and said 'what can I do with this?'. I have analysed the chemical structure but I have not patented the tree or a life process. How can I tell the Wapishana about the science? They just inherited the greenheart. They don't own it. I have invested in this with my own money". 
Gorinsky was one of several who isolated a potent chemical from certain plants that the  tribe used for fishing. The natives called the plant cunani, after which Gorinsky called the chemical "cuaniol". Affected by this potent neurotoxin, fish in the surrounding area become disoriented and can easily be caught. Gorinsky patented the use of cunaniol for the treatment of heart disease. The chemical is also known as ichthyothereol. 
The 1992 Convention on Biological Diversity, as part of its aim of protecting the knowledge of forest tribes from exploitation, nationalised plant resources and forbid individuals from patenting organic compounds from them. Tribespeople accused him of committing biopiracy by stealing their secrets. 
During the Second Sino-Japanese War, the ROC marines saw little in amphibious warfare for the Japanese dominated the seas & thus saw combat in the same form as the regular infantry. 
Likewise, during the civil war, the ROC marines were either absorbed as regular infantry units, or played as supporting role. However, in 1947, the ROC Marine Corps was reconstituted & saw action Mawei, Fujian. 
In 2004, the ROCMC redeployed a brigade near the Taipei area to defend against a possible PRC decapitation strike. 
Since its formation the ROC Marine Corps has received training from the United States Marine Corps, from 1979 to 2020 that training was conducted secretly however in 2020 the annual month long training exercise held with trainers from the USMC's Marine Raider Regiment was conducted publicly. 
The Legislative Assembly had a total of 137 seats, 50 of which were elected and 87 of which were appointed. 
The top twelve teams will qualify for the tournament. Teams will be seeded by record within the conference, with a tiebreaker system to seed teams with identical conference records. 
This Cumberland County, New Jersey state location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article on a moth of the family Yponomeutidae is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Nimislyarovo is located 18 km southwest of Krasnaya Gorka (the district's administrative centre) by road. Novokulevo is the nearest rural locality. 
Dean was educated at the University of York, where she was awarded a Bachelor of Arts degree in Biology in 1978 and a PhD. in Biology in 1982. 
FLC regulation involves an antisense-mediated chromatin mechanism that coordinately influences transcription initiation and elongation. As plants overwinter FLC expression is then epigenetically silenced through a cold-induced, cis-based, Polycomb switching mechanism. The group are mechanistically dissecting these conserved chromatin mechanisms and investigating how they have been modulated during adaptation. 
She uses Arabidopsis as a reference to establish the regulatory hierarchy and then use this information to translate into other species. She was a pioneer in Arabidopsis becoming a key model organism in plant science. 
Gabriela M. Mosquera (born January 3, 1977) is an American Democratic Party politician, who has served in the New Jersey General Assembly since March 5, 2012, where she represents the 4th Legislative District. 
Each of the forty districts in the New Jersey Legislature has one representative in the New Jersey Senate and two members in the New Jersey General Assembly. The other representatives from the 4th District for the 218th Legislature are: 
He made his debut in the Russian Second Division for FC Podolye Podolsky district on 11 October 2012 in a game against FC Metallurg-Oskol Stary Oskol. 
He made his Russian Premier League debut for FC Anzhi Makhachkala on 18 October 2015 in a game against FC Krasnodar. 
This biographical article related to a Russian association football defender born in 1993 is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Oakle Street railway station served the village of Oakle Street, Gloucestershire, England from 1851 to 1964 on the Gloucester-Newport line. 
The station opened on 19 September 1851 by the South Wales Railway. It closed on 31 March 1856 but reopened on 2 July 1870, before closing permanently on 2 November 1964. 
This article about a railway station in South West England is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
In mathematics, a field is a set on which addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division are defined and behave as the corresponding operations on rational and real numbers do. A field is thus a fundamental algebraic structure which is widely used in algebra, number theory, and many other areas of mathematics. 
The best known fields are the field of rational numbers, the field of real numbers and the field of complex numbers. Many other fields, such as fields of rational functions, algebraic function fields, algebraic number fields, and p-adic fields are commonly used and studied in mathematics, particularly in number theory and algebraic geometry. Most cryptographic protocols rely on finite fields, i.e., fields with finitely many elements. 
This may be summarized by saying: a field has two operations, called addition and multiplication; it is an abelian group under addition with 0 as the additive identity; the nonzero elements are an abelian group under multiplication with 1 as the multiplicative identity; and multiplication distributes over addition. 
The abstractly required field axioms reduce to standard properties of rational numbers. For example, the law of distributivity can be proven as follows: 
The real numbers R, with the usual operations of addition and multiplication, also form a field. The complex numbers C consist of expressions 
Not all real numbers are constructible. It can be shown that       2  3      {\displaystyle {\sqrt[{3}]{2}}}   is not a constructible number, which implies that it is impossible to construct with compass and straightedge the length of the side of a cube with volume 2, another problem posed by the ancient Greeks. 
In addition to familiar number systems such as the rationals, there are other, less immediate examples of fields. The following example is a field consisting of four elements called O, I, A, and B. The notation is chosen such that O plays the role of the additive identity element (denoted 0 in the axioms above), and I is the multiplicative identity (denoted 1 in the axioms above). The field axioms can be verified by using some more field theory, or by direct computation. For example, 
The axioms of a field F imply that it is an abelian group under addition. This group is called the additive group of the field, and is sometimes denoted by (F, +) when denoting it simply as F could be confusing. 
then F is said to have characteristic 0. For example, the field of rational numbers Q has characteristic 0 since no positive integer n is zero. Otherwise, if there is a positive integer n satisfying this equation, the smallest such positive integer can be shown to be a prime number. It is usually denoted by p and the field is said to have characteristic p then. For example, the field F4 has characteristic 2 since (in the notation of the above addition table) I + I = O. 
is compatible with the addition in F (and also with the multiplication), and is therefore a field homomorphism. The existence of this homomorphism makes fields in characteristic p quite different from fields of characteristic 0. 
A field is called a prime field if it has no proper (i.e., strictly smaller) subfields. Any field F contains a prime field. If the characteristic of F is p (a prime number), the prime field is isomorphic to the finite field Fp introduced below. Otherwise the prime field is isomorphic to Q. 
The simplest finite fields, with prime order, are most directly accessible using modular arithmetic. For a fixed positive integer n, arithmetic "modulo n" means to work with the numbers 
Historically, three algebraic disciplines led to the concept of a field: the question of solving polynomial equations, algebraic number theory, and algebraic geometry. A first step towards the notion of a field was made in 1770 by Joseph-Louis Lagrange, who observed that permuting the zeros x1, x2, x3 of a cubic polynomial in the expression 
By a field we will mean every infinite system of real or complex numbers so closed in itself and perfect that addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division of any two of these numbers again yields a number of the system.
In the hierarchy of algebraic structures fields can be characterized as the commutative rings R in which every nonzero element is a unit (which means every element is invertible). Similarly, fields are the commutative rings with precisely two distinct ideals, (0) and R. Fields are also precisely the commutative rings in which (0) is the only prime ideal. 
Given a commutative ring R, there are two ways to construct a field related to R, i.e., two ways of modifying R such that all nonzero elements become invertible: forming the field of fractions, and forming residue fields. The field of fractions of Z is Q, the rationals, while the residue fields of Z are the finite fields Fp. 
It is straightforward to show that, if the ring is an integral domain, the set of the fractions form a field. 
The field F(x) of the rational fractions over a field (or an integral domain) F is the field of fractions of the polynomial ring F[x]. The field F((x)) of Laurent series 
In addition to the field of fractions, which embeds R injectively into a field, a field can be obtained from a commutative ring R by means of a surjective map onto a field F. Any field obtained in this way is a quotient R / m, where m is a maximal ideal of R. If R has only one maximal ideal m, this field is called the residue field of R. 
The ideal generated by a single polynomial f in the polynomial ring R = E[X] (over a field E) is maximal if and only if f is irreducible in E, i.e., if f cannot be expressed as the product of two polynomials in E[X] of smaller degree. This yields a field 
The compositum of two subfields E and E'  of some field F is the smallest subfield of F containing both E and E'. The compositum can be used to construct the biggest subfield of F satisfying a certain property, for example the biggest subfield of F, which is, in the language introduced below, algebraic over E.[nb 3] 
Extensions whose degree is finite are referred to as finite extensions. The extensions C / R and F4 / F2 are of degree 2, whereas R / Q is an infinite extension. 
A field extension in which every element of F is algebraic over E is called an algebraic extension. Any finite extension is necessarily algebraic, as can be deduced from the above multiplicativity formula. 
The subfield E(x) generated by an element x, as above, is an algebraic extension of E if and only if x is an algebraic element. That is to say, if x is algebraic, all other elements of E(x) are necessarily algebraic as well. Moreover, the degree of the extension E(x) / E, i.e., the dimension of E(x) as an E-vector space, equals the minimal degree n such that there is a polynomial equation involving x, as above. If this degree is n, then the elements of E(x) have the form 
The above-mentioned field of rational fractions E(X), where X is an indeterminate, is not an algebraic extension of E since there is no polynomial equation with coefficients in E whose zero is X. Elements, such as X, which are not algebraic are called transcendental. Informally speaking, the indeterminate X and its powers do not interact with elements of E. A similar construction can be carried out with a set of indeterminates, instead of just one. 
Once again, the field extension E(x) / E discussed above is a key example: if x is not algebraic (i.e., x is not a root of a polynomial with coefficients in E), then E(x) is isomorphic to E(X). This isomorphism is obtained by substituting x to X in rational fractions. 
A subset S of a field F is a transcendence basis if it is algebraically independent (don't satisfy any polynomial relations) over E and if F is an algebraic extension of E(S). Any field extension F / E has a transcendence basis. Thus, field extensions can be split into ones of the form E(S) / E (purely transcendental extensions) and algebraic extensions. 
A field is algebraically closed if it does not have any strictly bigger algebraic extensions or, equivalently, if any polynomial equation 
does not have any rational or real solution. A field containing F is called an algebraic closure of F if it is algebraic over F (roughly speaking, not too big compared to F) and is algebraically closed (big enough to contain solutions of all polynomial equations). 
By the above, C is an algebraic closure of R. The situation that the algebraic closure is a finite extension of the field F is quite special: by the Artin-Schreier theorem, the degree of this extension is necessarily 2, and F is elementarily equivalent to R. Such fields are also known as real closed fields. 
Since fields are ubiquitous in mathematics and beyond, several refinements of the concept have been adapted to the needs of particular mathematical areas. 
An Archimedean field is an ordered field such that for each element there exists a finite expression 
whose value is greater than that element, that is, there are no infinite elements. Equivalently, the field contains no infinitesimals (elements smaller than all rational numbers); or, yet equivalent, the field is isomorphic to a subfield of R. 
An ordered field is Dedekind-complete if all upper bounds, lower bounds (see Dedekind cut) and limits, which should exist, do exist. More formally, each bounded subset of F is required to have a least upper bound. Any complete field is necessarily Archimedean, since in any non-Archimedean field there is neither a greatest infinitesimal nor a least positive rational, whence the sequence 1/2, 1/3, 1/4, ..., every element of which is greater than every infinitesimal, has no limit. 
Since every proper subfield of the reals also contains such gaps, R is the unique complete ordered field, up to isomorphism. Several foundational results in calculus follow directly from this characterization of the reals. 
The hyperreals R* form an ordered field that is not Archimedean. It is an extension of the reals obtained by including infinite and infinitesimal numbers. These are larger, respectively smaller than any real number. The hyperreals form the foundational basis of non-standard analysis. 
The field Qp is used in number theory and p-adic analysis. The algebraic closure Qp carries a unique norm extending the one on Qp, but is not complete. The completion of this algebraic closure, however, is algebraically closed. Because of its rough analogy to the complex numbers, it is sometimes called the field of complex p-adic numbers and is denoted by Cp. 
Differential fields are fields equipped with a derivation, i.e., allow to take derivatives of elements in the field. For example, the field R(X), together with the standard derivative of polynomials forms a differential field. These fields are central to differential Galois theory, a variant of Galois theory dealing with linear differential equations. 
Galois theory studies algebraic extensions of a field by studying the symmetry in the arithmetic operations of addition and multiplication. An important notion in this area is that of finite Galois extensions F / E, which are, by definition, those that are separable and normal. The primitive element theorem shows that finite separable extensions are necessarily simple, i.e., of the form 
where f is an irreducible polynomial (as above). For such an extension, being normal and separable means that all zeros of f are contained in F and that f has only simple zeros. The latter condition is always satisfied if E has characteristic 0. 
The tensor product of fields is not usually a field. For example, a finite extension F / E of degree n is a Galois extension if and only if there is an isomorphism of F-algebras 
This fact is the beginning of Grothendieck's Galois theory, a far-reaching extension of Galois theory applicable to algebro-geometric objects. 
In model theory, a branch of mathematical logic, two fields E and F are called elementarily equivalent if every mathematical statement that is true for E is also true for F and conversely. The mathematical statements in question are required to be first-order sentences (involving 0, 1, the addition and multiplication). A typical example, for n > 0, n an integer, is 
If U is an ultrafilter on a set I, and Fi is a field for every i in I, the ultraproduct of the Fi with respect to U is a field. It is denoted by 
A description in terms of generators and relations is also known for the Galois groups of p-adic number fields (finite extensions of Qp). 
Representations of Galois groups and of related groups such as the Weil group are fundamental in many branches of arithmetic, such as the Langlands program. The cohomological study of such representations is done using Galois cohomology. For example, the Brauer group, which is classically defined as the group of central simple F-algebras, can be reinterpreted as a Galois cohomology group, namely 
The norm residue isomorphism theorem, proved around 2000 by Vladimir Voevodsky, relates this to Galois cohomology by means of an isomorphism 
The theory of modules (the analogue of vector spaces over rings instead of fields) is much more complicated, because the above equation may have several or no solutions. In particular systems of linear equations over a ring are much more difficult to solve than in the case of fields, even in the specially simple case of the ring      Z    {\displaystyle \mathbb {Z} }   of the integers. 
in a (large) finite field Fq can be performed much more efficiently than the discrete logarithm, which is the inverse operation, i.e., determining the solution n to an equation 
In elliptic curve cryptography, the multiplication in a finite field is replaced by the operation of adding points on an elliptic curve, i.e., the solutions of an equation of the form 
Functions on a suitable topological space X into a field k can be added and multiplied pointwise, e.g., the product of two functions is defined by the product of their values within the domain: 
For having a field of functions, one must consider algebras of functions that are integral domains. In this case the ratios of two functions, i.e., expressions of the form 
This occurs in two main cases. When X is a complex manifold X. In this case, one considers the algebra of holomorphic functions, i.e., complex differentiable functions. Their ratios form the field of meromorphic functions on X. 
There are also proper classes with field structure, which are sometimes called Fields, with a capital F. The surreal numbers form a Field containing the reals, and would be a field except for the fact that they are a proper class, not a set. The nimbers, a concept from game theory, form such a Field as well. 
Pain out of proportion or pain out of proportion to physical examination is a medical sign where apparent pain in the individual does not correspond to other signs. It is found in a number of conditions: 
Marta Zlatic is a Croatian neuroscientist who is group leader at the MRC Laboratory of Molecular Biology in Cambridge, UK. Her research investigates how neural circuits generate behaviour. 
Zlatic is interested the complex functions of the human brain, including language and communication. She has studied the brains of different species; including Drosophila and maggots. She made use of electron microscopy to map the entire Drosophila connectome, and studies the strengths of the connections between neurons that are structurally connected. By investigating the activity of these neurons it is possible to associate particular patterns with the formation of memories. 
Cullom was drafted in the 24th round of the 1949 NFL Draft and again in the seventeenth round of the 1950 NFL Draft by the Washington Redskins.  After one season playing for the New York Yanks, he was recalled by the Marines and was wounded in the Korean War.  Cullom later returned to Cal where he worked as an assistant coach for both the football and rugby teams. 
This biographical article relating to an American football player, coach, or other figure is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Erskine recounts these events to the narrator, who is so struck by the Willie Hughes theory that he begins his own research and further fleshes out Graham's findings until he is without a doubt convinced that Willie Hughes was real and was the subject of the sonnets. He presents the evidence to Erskine but then finds himself strangely divested from it and loses faith in its basis in reality. 
He assumes Erskine committed suicide like Graham, but the doctor tells him the real cause was a lingering illness that Erskine had known about for some months; he had come to Cannes specifically to die. He left his friend the portrait of Mr. W. H. The portrait now hangs in his home, where many comment on it, but he does not tell of its history. He sometimes wonders to himself, however, if it might be true after all. 
It is not known whether or not Wilde himself subscribed to the theory presented in the story. His lover Lord Alfred Douglas stated that he did believe it. Samuel Butler accepted some aspects of it, regarding the name "Will Hughes" as a "plausible conjecture". 
Wilde's story may have been an influence on John Masefield, whose book Shakespeare and Spiritual Life (1924) suggests that the Fair Youth was an actor who was delicate and small enough to play parts such as the boy-servant Moth in Love's Labours Lost and the sprite Ariel in The Tempest. He believed that he may even have been a kind of symbol to Shakespeare for his own creative genius. 
In G. S. Viereck's novel My First Two Thousand Years, the protagonist, the Wandering Jew, watches a performance given by Willie Hughes, who is "positively enchanting as Juliet". He learns that Shakespeare had dedicated his sonnets to the boy-actor, but when he meets him he discovers that the boy is actually a girl in disguise. Shakespeare knew this, and the girl blushingly admits that this is why he called her "the master-mistress of my passion". 
Oberto Della Torre (Genoa, 1617 - Genoa, 1698) was the 130th Doge of the Republic of Genoa and king of Corsica. 
The biosphere reserve is divided into a core zone (Kernzone) and a managed zone (Pflegezone), which include six nature reserves 
as well as six Natura 2000 areas. Whilst, in the core zone, human intervention is banned, in the managed zone, some land usage is possible, as long as it conforms to the nature reserve regulations and does not affect the conservation and care of the eco-system. 
The "development zone" covers the rest of the area of the biosphere reserve, including parts of the protected landscape of "Harz and Southern Harz Foreland". Here, human management, including its use as a recreational area and the needs of nature, are considered together. 
The Karst Trail runs through the eastern part of the biosphere reserve. In November 2010, over 20 nature and landscape guides were trained. This community project by the biosphere reserve's authorities and the county college of further education was enabled local nature lovers to be qualified to look after tourists. 
Runner3 is a rhythm platform game developed by Choice Provisions. A sequel to Bit.Trip Presents... Runner2: Future Legend of Rhythm Alien, Runner3 is part of the Bit.Trip series, starring the character CommanderVideo. The game was released on May 22, 2018 on Microsoft Windows, macOS, and Nintendo Switch, and was released on the PlayStation 4 on November 13, 2018. 
Runner3 is a rhythm platform game in which players take control of CommanderVideo, the protagonist of the Bit.Trip series. Similar to the previous two Runner games, CommanderVideo runs forward automatically and the player controls actions such as jumping, sliding, and kicking to overcome obstacles and collect items. Many of the game objects are encountered in sync with each level's background music, encouraging the player to keep the beat while playing through each level. 
There are 27 main levels (each containing many branching paths, collectibles, and secrets), and three main worlds (Foodland, Spookyland, and Machineland) with differently themed scenery between each world. 
Runner3 was developed by video game development studio Choice Provisions. One focal point of Runner3's design was creating a rewarding and enjoyable experience for playing on any difficulty. Choice Provisions' co-founder Alex Neuse emphasized that many games rewarded only hardcore players and offered a lesser experience for playing on lower difficulties. Voice actor Charles Martinet reprised his narration role in Runner3 and had a playable appearance. 
Runner3 was announced in September 2016. In February 2017, Nintendo revealed that Runner3 would launch on the Nintendo Switch console in the latter half of 2017. However, in August 2017, Choice Provisions announced that the game would not release until 2018. A physical version of Runner3 was announced by Nicalis on December 13, 2017. It was released on Steam and Nintendo Switch on May 22, 2018. 
Following the release, Choice Provisions had announced upgrades to the game, which will include such features as enemy density, more checkpoints, stair assist, bonk counter and gold bars and gems. 
The video game aggregator site Metacritic gave the Nintendo Switch version a 73/100, while the PC version got a 78/100. 
Seth Macy of IGN criticized the game's "outdated" graphics and repetitiveness of levels, giving it a 7 out of 10. 
The original name for this community was New Sour Lake. The first significant landmark discovery of this area was the sulfur-smelling spring by J. F. Cotton in the 1850s. As late as 1865 he tried to establish an oil well on the site, but failed due to inadequate machinery. 
In the 1880s a man named P. S. Watts wanted to profit from the spring using the unique "medicinal" properties of the water (a popular trend at the time). To draw would-be visitors to the site, Watts changed the name of the site to Saratoga to replicate the famous resort at Saratoga Springs, New York. He built a hotel and rental cottages for potential customers, but only a few came. 
Mehrabian was born in 1970 in Isfahan, Iran. His family is from Isfahan. Mehrabi studied at Shiraz University and Tehran university. He obtained his master degree in economic science from Tehran University  . 
As a minister, Mehrabian travelled the world promoting Iran's commercial interests in friendly countries such as Qatar, Belarus, Egypt and Venezuela. He involved in the discussions of a potential World Oil Bank involving Russia and Venezuela, and agreed on a cooperation protocol with the Democratic Republic of the Congo. He also promoted Iran's bilateral links and financial support for Cuba. 
He expressed deep concern over the non-adherence of industrial states to their commitments to control the emission of greenhouse gases. 
He implemented policies to encourage production of cars powered by compressed natural gas (CNG). Because Iran suffers from a lack of refining capacity, gasoline is rationed. Hundreds of thousands of  gasoline-powered vehicles are also being converted to use a bi-fuel system allowing CNG as an alternative fuel. He encouraged developments under which cars with Iranian content would be built in Egypt and Syria. 
Following deadly crashes of imported aircraft, he also hoped to develop domestic production of aircraft. He promoted production of steel, copper, and coal. He implemented policies pressurising companies alleged to have links with businesses who trade with Israel, such as Coca-Cola, Nestle and Benetton 
The 2010 Denmark Open Super Series was a top level badminton competition which was held from October 26, 2010 to October 31, 2010 in Odense, Denmark. It was the ninth BWF Super Series competition on the 2010 BWF Super Series schedule. The total purse for the event was $200,000. 
On August 21, 1919, the comet was recovered by Joel Hastings Metcalf (Camp Idlewild, Vermont, United States) as 8th magnitude. Additional discoveries were made by Edward Barnard (Yerkes Observatory, Wisconsin, United States) on August 22, Michel Giacobini (Paris, France), Ostrovlev (Theodosia, Crimea) and Selavanov (Saint Petersburg). By the end of September 1919 it was confirmed as being the same as Brorsen's comet. 
Ancylis geminana, the festooned roller, is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It was described by Edward Donovan in 1806. It is found in most of Europe and has also been recorded from North America. The habitat consists of fens, marshes and damp heathland. 
The larvae feed on Salix species, including Salix aurita, Salix repens and Salix cinerea. They live between leaves spun together with silk. 
Hellgoing is a short story collection by Canadian writer Lynn Coady. Published in 2013 by House of Anansi Press, the book was the winner of the 2013 Scotiabank Giller Prize, and was a shortlisted nominee for the 2013 Rogers Writers' Trust Fiction Prize. 
The book gained renewed attention in 2014, when broadcaster Jian Ghomeshi cited the story "An Otherworld", which contained some BDSM themes, in his public statement denying allegations of sexual harassment against him. 
This article about a collection of short stories published in the 2010s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Die Architekten (English: The Architects) is an East German film directed by Peter Kahane. It was released in 1990. 
The music was written by Tamas Kahane. The film's songs counterpoint its images: Unsere Heimat is added to scenes of urban canyons, the Berlin Wall, industrial complexes and prefabricated housing developments. The protagonist collapses to the tunes of Handel's Messiah. 
With less than 6,000 tickets sold, the film received scant attention at the time of release. In retrospect it is considered a significant cineastic contribution to the country's time of transition.[citation needed] 
This article related to a German film of the 1990s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Wonderful Story of Henry Sugar and Six More is a collection of seven short stories written by Roald Dahl. They are generally regarded as being aimed at a slightly older audience than many of his other children's books. 
The stories were written at varying times throughout his life. Two of the stories are autobiographical in nature; one describes how he first became a writer while the other describes some of Dahl's experiences as a fighter pilot in the Second World War. Another piece in the collection is a non-fiction account of a British farmer finding a legendary haul of ancient Roman treasure. The book was first published in London in 1977 by Jonathan Cape. 
This is another fictional first person narrative. The narrator in this case has a brand new BMW 3.3 Li, and is enjoying a trip down the highway when he spots a hitchhiker. He lets the man into his car; the passenger is described as being curiously rat-like, with long, white fingers. They engage in conversation, revealing the man's Cockney accent and attitudes. 
As they talk, the narrator is urged by the hitchhiker to test the car's engine power by going ever faster.  This results in a police motorbike pulling them over for speeding. The police officer who writes the ticket acts particularly cruel, threatening the narrator with a long prison sentence and a huge fine. 
This is a non-fiction account of a labourer named Gordon Butcher who uncovered a large quantity of Roman treasure, the Mildenhall Treasure, in a field that he was ploughing for a farmer when he found pure silver and another man tried to deceive him into thinking it was worth nothing. 
It was first published in the Saturday Evening Post magazine in the US in 1946 and was first published in book form in this collection. It was published as a single title edition in 1999 by Jonathan Cape, with illustrations by Ralph Steadman. 
The story is considered to be mildly satiric of Dahl's critics, who would sometimes nickname him the "Master of Nastiness". Here, he gives a happy ending, and even gives a sweet and rather anodyne name to the protagonist. 
This is a non-fictional account, similar to Roald Dahl's Boy and Going Solo albeit in a more concise form. It discusses the events in his life that led him to become a writer, including a meeting with a famous writer, who helped to launch his career. The story is about Dahl's school and all the teachers, until after the publication of his first story. 
Edwards' work is collected in the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, Currier Museum of Art, Art Institute of Chicago, Historic Deerfield, and Metropolitan Museum of Art. 
Pasan Gunasekera was born at Millewa, and was the youngest son of his family. After his father died in 1981, Gunasekera had worked for a while at local Ayurveda medicine factory and he met a retired Army officer working there and became very keen to join the Sri Lankan Army. 
He joined the army in 1985 and served mostly in the North. He had fought in several major operations such as Vadamarachchi, Haye Para, Balavegaya 1 and 2 and Wanni Wickremaya 1,2,3. Even he had been shot in the stomach at Vavuniya earlier and at that stage, his commanding officer had tried to transfer him to Colombo but Gunasekera requested to get back to Jaffna. 
In 1995, while he was on leave, he was urgently recalled to Jaffna. He had been ready to go on a course abroad but that too was cancelled because he was needed in Jaffna for the fore coming Operation Riviresa, which was his fate resolved. 
Gunasekara died due to terrorist gunfire during this operation. He volunteered for the task with a small group of men unmindful of the danger to his life against the greater terrorist force who were moving in boats in strength armed to the teeth. This facilitated the isolation of terrorist fighting in the Jaffna Town and eventually helped the army to capture it. 
Emperor Island is a small island in Marguerite Bay, lying close north-east of the Courtier Islands in the Dion Islands. The islands in this group were discovered and roughly charted in 1909 by the French Antarctic Expedition. This island was surveyed in 1948 by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey and so named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee because a low rock and shingle isthmus at the south-eastern end of the island was the winter breeding site of emperor penguins. 
The 81 class are a class of diesel locomotives built by Clyde Engineering, Kelso for the State Rail Authority. 
In 1991, a further four units were built at Kelso using many components from spares held. Following the delivery of the 90 class in 1994, the Broadmeadow based units were released to replace older locomotives on other freight duties. This saw their sphere of operation extended to Brisbane and Broken Hill. 
In the mid-1990s, some of the later locomotives were leased to National Rail. These were later exchanged for 13 of the earlier locomotives which were permanently transferred to National Rail for use as high-power shunters around Australia. All were reunited when National Rail and FreightCorp were both sold to form Pacific National in February 2002. 
In February 1999, 81s began operating in South Australia when FreightCorp won a contract to haul brown coal on the Leigh Creek to Stirling North line from Leigh Creek to the Northern Power Station in Port Augusta. 
As of February 2013, Pacific National operated 83, primarily in New South Wales. 8147 was written off following a derailment near Forbes on 11 March 2007. 
SDS Models in 2015 announced a range of 81 class locomotives, thought to include Candy (8104, 8136), Bicentennial (8120, 8172), Freightrail and Freightcorp variants (8129, 8139, 8167, 8168, 8172, 8175 and 8177), National Rail (8117) and Pacific National (8120, 8150) models, with all four body types. The range will be available both as DC and DCC with sound.  
Austrains in 2014 released models of the 81 class locomotive retailing at about $300 per model. The range included 8134, 8155 and 8169 in Freightrail Blue, and 8125, 8150 and 8178 in Pacific National blue and yellow. An incorrectly-modelled Candy locomotive was also released. A second run was planned for 2015, but will not go ahead after SDS Models announced their range 
Trace gases are those gases in the atmosphere other than nitrogen (78.1%), oxygen (20.9%), and argon (0.934%) which, in combination, make up 99.934% of the gases in the atmosphere (not including water vapor). 
In contrast, the most abundant gases in the atmosphere are not greenhouse gases.  The main reasons is because they cannot absorb infrared radiation as they do not have vibrations with a dipole moment. For instance, the triple bonds of atmospheric dinitrogen make for a highly symmetric molecule that is very inert in the atmosphere. 
The Ka'a'gee Tu First Nation is a Dene First Nations band government in the Northwest Territories. The band is headquartered in the community of Kakisa, the smallest in the territory. 
Coast Gymkhana Club Ground is a cricket ground in Mombasa, Kenya.  The first recorded match held on the ground came in 1999 when a Coast Cricket Association XI played the touring Marylebone Cricket Club.  The ground held its first List A match in 2010 when Kenya played the United Arab Emirates.  Kenya won the match by 24 runs. 
The ground is owned by the Coast Gymkhana Club.  The club is located roughly a hundred metres from the Mombasa Sports Club, which has hosted One Day Internationals. 
Pannonian Croatia is one of the four NUTS-2 Regions of Croatia since 2021. The region is located in the continental part of the country, including eight counties of Croatia. The most populated cities in the region are Osijek, Slavonski Brod, Karlovac and Sisak. 
She was married to Late Kochu Krishna Pillai. The couple had a son, Late Rajashekharan and a daughter, Rajamma. Her granddaughter Radhika Suresh is married to Suresh Gopi. 
She appeared last in the film Gourisankaram (2004). She died on 21 February 2011, aged 96, at a private hospital in Thiruvananthapuram. 
The Tharu people were initially comfortable with the Madheshi identity in the eastern part of the Terai as of 2007, but in the central part, they claim a distinct Tharu identity. In 2009, they disassociated themselves from being identified as Madheshi and demanded their own province. 
Armed groups like Terai Army, Madhesi National Liberation Front, Terai Cobras and Madhesh Mukti Tigers pursued this aim of autonomy using violent means. Some members of these organisations were responsible for acts of terrorism including bombings and murders. The Alliance for Independent Madhesh also demands independence of the Terai. 
In 2013, more than 24 Madheshi political parties were registered for the Constituent Assembly of Nepal election. Madheshi parties gained 50 of 575 seats in the Constituent Assembly. 
After the Nepalese Constituent Assembly election, 2008, Indian politicians kept on trying to secure strategic interests in the Nepal Terai, such as over hydropower energy, development projects, business and trade. It has been alleged that by supporting the 2015 Nepal blockade, India tried to dominate Nepal's internal politics and foment the conflict in the Nepal Terai. 
The culture of Madeshi people is complex and diverse. The Muslim and indigenous peoples speak their own languages and have distinct cultural traditions that differ from the Hindu caste groups. Latter comprise at least 43 distinct groups. Caste groups include Bania, Brahman, Dhobi, Kalawar, Kewat, Kshatriya, Kumhar, Kurmi, Kushwaha and Teli. 
Muslim people in the Terai constitute about 96% of all Muslims in the country. Their cultural traditions are interlinked with those of Muslim people in northern India; popular destinations for their ziyarat pilgrimage are the shrines of Ajmer Sharif Dargah and Ghazi Saiyyad Salar Masud in Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh, respectively. They are influenced by the hierarchy of the Hindu caste system, with the difference that it is not based on the principle of pollution and purity, but on occupation. 
Both Muslim and Hindu Madheshi parents place more emphasis on the education of boys than of girls. Despite an increase of schools and primary education being compulsory and free of cost, more boys than girls are enrolled. Girls are expected to look after younger siblings and do household chores. Many rural Madheshi girls are married at an age of 14 to 16 years. 
Madheshi people speak Bengali, Maithili, Bhojpuri, Urdu and Hindi languages. The National Population and Housing Census of 2011 knows of 123 languages spoken in all of Nepal and lists: 
Muslim Madheshis speak Urdu primarily, but also Awadhi, Bhojpuri, and Maithili, depending on whether they live in the western, central or eastern Terai. 
The following religions are practised in the Terai according to the National Population and Housing Census of 2011: 
The religious practices of the majority of Madheshi people are a mixture of orthodox Hinduism and animism. 
Muslim Madheshis practise the traditional nikah marriage, which is recognised by law. The largest and oldest madrasa is located in Krishnanagar. Mawlawis teaching Quran and Hadith at madrasas in the Terai are either from India, or were trained in India and Saudi Arabia. Many Muslim Madheshis practise endogamy. 
Lobato is eligible to represent Argentina or Brazil at international level. He has yet to announce his allegiances for either nation, stating he would treat any call-up equally. He previously stated that he feels more Brazilian than Argentine when in Argentina, but more Argentine than Brazilian when in Brazil. In regards to club football, he said that he hopes to play in Brazilian football at some point in his career. 
The mackerel scad's fins are black metallic to blue-green and its belly is white. The edge of the operculum has a small, black spot, with no spots on the lateral line. Mackerel scad's caudal fins have been described as reddish  to yellow-green. 
FAO areas where the mackerel scad is native include the north east and northwest Atlantic, the center east and west Atlantic, the Mediterranean and the Black Sea, the South east and west Atlantic, the eastern and western Indian, and the North west, center west, center east and south west Pacific. 
Mackerel scad usually live in subtropical seas at depths up to 400 m. They prefer clear water, and are frequently found around islands. Although mackerel scad have been found at the surface, they are usually caught at depths between 40 and 200 meters. They feed mainly on zooplankton. 
Mackerel scad are fairly important both to fisheries and to sportfishing. They are a somewhat popular fish for human consumption, normally eaten split and fried, but are more often used as bait, since large gamefish such as the blue-spotted grouper, giant trevally, and the onespot snapper are all known to feed on them. 
This species is also significant for its use in preparing the Japanese snack Kusaya, a traditional product of the Izu Islands. 
Pakistani Lieutenant General Shahid Aziz, and then head of ISI analysis wing, has confirmed there were no mujahideen but only regular Pakistan Army soldiers who took part in the Kargil War. "There were no Mujahideen, only taped wireless messages, which fooled no one. Our soldiers were made to occupy barren ridges, with hand held weapons and ammunition", Lt Gen Aziz wrote in his article in The Nation daily in January 2013. 
Some writers have speculated that the operation's objective may also have been retaliation for India's Operation Meghdoot in 1984 that seized much of Siachen Glacier. 
According to India's then army chief Ved Prakash Malik, and many scholars, much of the background planning, including construction of logistical supply routes, had been undertaken much earlier. On several occasions during the 1980s and 1990s, the army had given Pakistani leaders (Zia ul Haq and Benazir Bhutto) similar proposals for infiltration into the Kargil region, but the plans had been shelved for fear of drawing the nations into all-out war. 
Pakistani intrusions took place in the heights of the lower Mushkoh Valley, along the Marpo La ridgeline in Dras, in Kaksar near Kargil, in the Batalik sector east of the Indus River, on the heights above of the Chorbat La sector where the LOC turns North and in the Turtuk sector south of the Siachen area. 
As the operation was fully underway, about 250 artillery guns were brought in to clear the infiltrators in the posts that were in the line-of-sight. The Bofors FH-77B field howitzer played a vital role, with Indian gunners making maximum use of the terrain. However, its success was limited elsewhere due to the lack of space and depth to deploy it. 
G8 nations supported India and condemned the Pakistani violation of the LOC at the Cologne summit. The European Union also opposed Pakistan's violation of the LOC. China, a long-time ally of Pakistan, insisted on a pullout of forces to the pre-conflict positions along the LOC and settling border issues peacefully. Other organisations like the ASEAN Regional Forum too supported India's stand on the inviolability of the LOC. 
Faced with growing international pressure, Sharif managed to pull back the remaining soldiers from Indian territory. The joint statement issued by Clinton and Sharif conveyed the need to respect the LOC and resume bilateral talks as the best forum to resolve all disputes. 
A number of Indian soldiers earned awards for gallantry. Four Param Vir Chakras and 11 Maha Vir Chakras were awarded. 
The Kargil War was significant for the impact and influence of the mass media on public opinion in both nations. Coming at a time of exploding growth in electronic journalism in India, the Kargil news stories and war footage were often telecast live on TV, and many websites provided in-depth analysis of the war. The conflict became the first "live" war in South Asia and it was given such detailed media coverage that one effect was the drumming up of jingoistic feelings. 
The threat of WMD included chemical and even biological weapons. Pakistan accused India of using chemical weapons and incendiary weapons such as napalm against the Kashmiri fighters. India, on the other hand, showcased a cache of gas masks as proof that Pakistan may have been prepared to use non-conventional weapons. US official and the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons determined that Pakistani allegations of India using banned chemicals in its bombs were unfounded. 
From the end of the war until February 2000, the Indian stock market rose by more than 30%. The next Indian national budget included major increases in military spending. 
The brief conflict provided considerable dramatic material for filmmakers and authors in India. Some documentaries which were shot on the subject were used by the ruling party coalition, led by Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), in furthering its election campaign that immediately followed the war. The following is a list of the major films and dramas on the subject. 
The impact of the war in the sporting arena was visible during the India-Pakistan clash in the 1999 Cricket World Cup, which coincided with the Kargil timeline. The game witnessed heightened passions and was one of the most viewed matches in the tournament. 
Caister Academic Press is an independent academic publishing company that produces books and ebooks on microbiology and molecular biology. The address for the editorial offices is in Poole, UK with worldwide sales and distribution through the Ingram Content Group. Published books include review volumes, practical manuals and reference texts aimed at the post-graduate, research and professional market. 
Caister Academic Press aims to provide the scientific community with authoritative texts on topical areas of microbiology and molecular biology. There is a focus on current research and emerging trends. Volumes on related technology and applications are also published. 
The academic publishing company was founded in 1993 as Horizon Scientific Press. Incorporated as a limited company in 2001, the company changed its name to Caister Academic Press in 2008. 
Helen Morse (born 24 January 1947) is an English-born Australian actress who has appeared in films, on television and on stage. She won the AFI (AACTA) Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role for the 1976 film Caddie, and starred in the 1981 miniseries A Town Like Alice. Her other film appearances include Picnic at Hanging Rock (1975), Agatha (1979), Far East (1982) and The Eye of the Storm (2011). 
Morse was born in Harrow on the Hill, Middlesex, England in 1947. She was the oldest of four children; her parents were a doctor and nurse. She moved to Australia in 1950 with her family. She attended school at Presbyterian Ladies' College in Burwood, Victoria, and graduated from at the National Institute of Dramatic Art in 1965, and trained with Brian Syron in Sydney. 
Morse has worked with many companies including Melbourne Theatre Company, The Ensemble, The Independent, Nimrod Theatre Company, Marian Street, Sydney Theatre Company, Hunter Valley Theatre Company, Queensland Theatre Company, Harvest Theatre Company (South Australia) and the State Theatre Company of South Australia. 
Morse was married from 1967 until 1976 to Australian actor and director Sandy Harbutt, with whom she starred in Stone. 
Yves Albarello (born 17 March 1952, in Aulnay-sous-Bois, Seine-et-Oise) was the member of the National Assembly of France for Seine-et-Marne's 7th constituency from 2007 to 2017.  He is of Italian origin  and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement. His political career began in 1976 with the creation of the Rally for the Republic. 
An entrepreneur in the graphical sector and financial director by profession, Albarello was elected mayor of Claye-Souilly for the first time in 1989 with 49% of votes. He was subsequently re-elected in 1995, and in 2002 with 78% of the vote. 
He was also the departmental treasurer for the UMP in Seine-et-Marne and national secretary in charge of the service industry. 
This article about a Union for a Popular Movement of France politician is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about a Rally for the Republic politician is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The soldier-legislator, known as Jim to family and friends, was born on 31 May 1872, second son of Irish Catholic parents William and Catherine Stubbs of Quarry Hill, Bendigo, Victoria. His father was for many years a mining manager on sites such as Johnson's Reef Extended mine. 
After finishing school, Stubbs served an apprenticeship as a tailor in Victoria and was introduced to the Labor Party in 1890 when he first joined a trade union. In 1894, the 22-year-old moved to Perth, Western Australia. He was joined there later by younger brother Francis Michael Stubbs, an iron moulder who settled in the south-west township of Tambellup. 
A keen sportsman, Stubbs kept himself active by participating in various social events. He represented Perth tailors in several games of Australian Rules football as well as in running events during the annual Eight Hours Day (Labour Day) sports carnivals. 
The focus of the young tailor's endeavours gradually shifted to improving the rights and conditions of workers. In 1896, he became a foundation member of the Perth Tailors Society and later held various offices within the organisation, including treasurer, vice-president and president, as it morphed into the Tailors Union and eventually the Amalgamated Tailors and Tailoresses Union. 
Stubbs's political career got off to a shaky start. His reputation as a leader of the Labour movement earned him preselection for the Subiaco electorate in the 1908 state elections. With 8 votes to 3, he was chosen ahead of Walter Richardson. However, the low voter turnout necessitated a controversial second preselection ballot, which resulted in Stubbs being deselected. In 1910, he sought election as a councillor for the Central Ward of the Subiaco Municipality but was unsuccessful. 
The breakthrough Stubbs was looking for came in the state elections of 1911 when, by a mere 60 votes, he unseated his nemesis Henry Daglish, a former Laborite, former Premier and incumbent Minister of Works, who derogatorily referred to the Labour Party as "Stubbs & Co". 
According to the Speaker of the House, Michael Troy, Stubbs soon proved to be "an able, earnest and conscientious parliamentarian", who among other things had fought to promote humanitarian social measures. He narrowly defeated Daglish again in the elections of 1914, this time by just 46 votes. 
The press dubbed him "Subiaco Stubbs". This was to distinguish him from "Wagin Stubbs", another political opponent by the name of Sydney Stubbs, the member for Wagin, and former mayor of Claremont and Perth. Although they shared the same name and both hailed from Victoria, that's where the similarities ended. Their verbal attacks on each other in parliament left political commentators quite bemused. 
In times of chaos, Stubbs could quieten a larrikin crowd with his eloquence. At a political forum in Subiaco, a hostile and raucous mob kept drowning out the speakers, especially one of Stubbs's rivals. The Subiaco mayor and Henry Daglish had tried in vain to restore calm. But when Stubbs got up to speak an extraordinary thing occurred. One reporter said: 
He was warmly cheered by those who had hooted and hissed before. He absolutely amazed the crowd by telling, and indeed convincing, them that they were on the wrong track. He insisted on fair play, and he was obeyed. Unfortunately Mr. Stubbs was the only man during the whole campaign with sufficient moral courage to command his friends to give his party opponents fair play.
In Parliament House, the oratory of Stubbs was humorously noted in the Daily News by the satirist "Artemus": 
The seasoned legislator began his military training at Blackboy Hill in Western Australia as a private but was soon promoted to the rank of sergeant. He then proceeded to the Royal Military College, Duntroon, where he was commissioned as a second lieutenant. On 23 December 1916, he embarked from Fremantle on HMAT Berrima in charge of the 8th Reinforcements of the 51st Battalion. One of the men under his charge was younger brother Private Francis Michael Stubbs. 
Condolences were also offered in the Western Australian Parliament by the Premier, the Hon. Henry Lefroy: 
We all recognise the zealous manner in which the late Lieut. Stubbs attended to his duties in the House: but he heard a call that was greater than the call of party, he heard the call of King and country, and he left us to take up arms in defence of our hearths and homes. I am sure hon. members honour him for that: honour him for the feeling which prompted him to go forth. He has lost his life in the interests of home and country. For what greater thing could man lay down his life?
Parliamentary historians have concluded that in view of "Stubbs' demonstrated leadership capacities...Western Australian politics in all likelihood lost a man who would have gone on to high office". 
Stubbs is commemorated on the Menin Gate Memorial in Belgium (Panel 29), and in Australia (Australian War Memorial, Panel 154; WA Parliament House, Perth; the Honour Avenues of Kings Park; and the Subiaco Roll of Honour). 
Elphas Ginindza (born 23 August 1967) is a Swazi long-distance runner. He competed in the men's marathon at the 1992 Summer Olympics. 
This biographical article relating to Swazi athletics is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
As a teenager Gaines played in brass bands in Philadelphia. Gaines moved to New York City in 1920, where he joined the orchestra of Wilbur Sweatman. He soon signed on with Clarence Williams's house band, then played with Sam Wooding, Earl Walton, Leroy Smith, Fats Waller,  Charlie Johnson, and the Hot Chocolates. 
In the 1930s Gaines launched his own band in Philadelphia; he recorded occasionally, including once with Williams in 1934. Concomitantly he continued playing with Smith and also played in Louis Armstrong's orchestra. He continued to lead bands in Philadelphia into the 1950s, especially at the jazz venue Carroll's. In the 1960s he played in a trio at the Hangover Club. Gaines went into retirement in the 1970s. 
Irvingia barteri Hook.f. Irvingia caerulea Tiegh. Irvingia duparquetii Tiegh. Irvingia erecta Tiegh. Irvingia fusca Tiegh. Irvingia griffonii Tiegh. Irvingia hookeriana Tiegh. Irvingia laeta Tiegh. Irvingia pauciflora Tiegh. Irvingia platycarpa Tiegh. Irvingia tenuifolia Hook.f. Irvingia velutina Tiegh. 
Irvingia gabonensis is a species of African trees in the genus Irvingia, sometimes known by the common names wild mango, African mango, or bush mango. They bear edible mango-like fruits, and are especially valued for their fat- and protein-rich nuts. 
Irvingia gabonensis is indigenous to the humid forest zone from the northern tip of Angola, including Congo, DR Congo, Nigeria, Ivory Coast and south-western Uganda. Since 2009, the Gabonese government has prohibited logging of the andok tree until 2034. 
Irvingia gabonensis is pollinated by Coleoptera, Diptera, Hymenoptera and Lepidoptera. It flowers from March to June and has two fruiting seasons: from April to July and from September to October. Seeds are dispersed by specialized vertebrates as elephants and gorillas. By reducing the number of those animals, the spread and regeneration of dika decreases and it becomes dependent on human planting. 
The domestication of dika is in its early stages. Around 1990, vegetative propagation allowed mass replication and selection. Grafting, budding, air-layering, marcotting and cuttings are feasible when they are applied to young wood. 
Humans eat the fruits fresh, leading to the misnomer, African mango. The fruits are processed into jelly, jam, juice and sometimes even wine. The pulp has also been used to prepare black dye for cloth coloration. 
The wood is hard and therefore used for heavy construction work as making ships' decks or railway ties. Dead branches are used as firewood. 
The trees are used in agroforestry systems to shade other crops, especially cocoa and coffee. They are also used to reduce erosion. Cities have started using them to shade streets, as shelter belts, or for beautification. 
Unlike the pulp of some other Irvingia spp., the pulp of Irvingia gabonensis tastes juicy and sweet and is eaten fresh.  A 100 gram portion of fruit pulp provides 61 calories and includes: 
Fruit pulp flavor components include zingiberene, cinnamic acid, dodecanal and dodecanol, resulting in spicy, earthy, fruity, and wine-yeast characteristics. 
This article contains lists of men's national water polo team rosters of the United States of America. The lists are updated as of March 30, 2020. 
Men's water polo tournaments have been staged at the Olympic Games since 1900. The United States has participated in 22 of 27 tournaments. 
Men's water polo tournaments have been staged at the World Aquatics Championships since 1973. The United States has participated in 18 of 18 tournaments. 
The FINA Men's Water Polo World Cup was established in 1979. The United States has participated in 15 of 16 tournaments. 
Men's water polo tournaments have been staged at the Pan American Games since 1951. The United States has participated in 18 of 18 tournaments. 
While Huang gained most of reputation, he had a handful of rivals. There was only one other person in China who could match him, and that was Zhou Donghou. Although Huang would beat Zhou many times, Zhou was the one giving Huang advice to become stronger.  
He was also known for his contribution to go theory. He would use a lot of forcing moves to give his opponent inefficient shapes, and would attack while gaining territory. He certainly had a unique style of go. He would play moves that were normal, that looked plain and clear. This left his opponents not knowing what to do, and if they would try to muscle him out, he would catch them with a surprising move or attack a weak point. 
He has been praised many times during his life and after his death. Famous book publisher Deng Yuanhui had this to say about Huang; 
"Longshi used his mind most meticulously. He sought to enter the deepest apertures. When it became a critical matter of life and death, and while the crowd were already helpless and at their wits' end, he was expertly exerting a subtle influence, and seeing more and more skilfull (sic) ideas and magical effects; the air would suddenly change... and from death he would re-enter life." He also said, "Longshi is like a heavenly spirit turned human. He is absolutely not of this world."
Go Seigen, considered to be one of the best go players of the 20th century, and of all time, had also commented on Huang. He had said that if Huang were alive during modern times, he would be a 13 dan. He also went on to say that Huang was at least the level of Honinbo Dosaku. Honinbo Dosaku is considered by many to be the greatest go player of all time. 
Even with all this praise, Huang is barely known anywhere outside of China. Much of this had come from Inoue Inseki's impressions of Chinese go players during the 17th century in his famous book Hatsuyorun. He had said that Chinese players would have to take senaisen (handicap) from the top Japanese players, although there is no mention of Huang. This led many to believe that all Chinese go players were no match to the Japanese go players. 
Hayashi Genbi had also said something along the lines of Chinese players being inferior, although he said this about Huang, "Huang Yuetian and Xu Xingyou are known as recent champions of the Qing era. In my opinion, for Yuetian this must be so, but for Xingyou, judging by the games given in this book (Gokyo Seimyo) he is far behind." 
Lang ran for a seat to the Alberta Legislature in a by-election held in the Medicine Hat electoral district on May 1, 1928. Lang faced three other candidates winning almost 40% to head the polls on the first count. On the second count Lang was just shy of a majority. He won the district on the third count to earn his first term in office and hold the district for the Liberals. 
Two years later Lang would run for a second term in office in the 1930 Alberta general election. Like the by-election in 1928 this election would also go to transfers. On the first count Lang nearly won outright winning almost 46% of the vote. He won on the second count after second place choices gave him nearly 60%. 
Lang would run for a third term in office in the 1935 Alberta general election. He would be defeated in a landslide by Social Credit candidate John Robinson finishing a distant second in the three way race. 
Early mariners noticed that wet sails were more efficient than dry sails, but their added weight slowed the vessels. From the 15th century, mariners applied fish oils and grease to their heavy sailcloth. This resulted in more efficient sails in dry weather and lighter sails in wet weather. Out of the worn remnants they cut waterproof capes to keep themselves dry; these capes were the forerunner of the fisherman's slicker. 
From 1795, Arbroath-based sail maker Francis Webster Ltd had perfected the art of adding linseed oil to flax sails, creating an oiled flax. Lighter than wet sailcloth, the treatment was used by the Royal Navy and the early tea clippers. As the tea race competition increased, the clipper designers and captains looked for more weight reduction. The clippers were often used to ship cotton from Egypt, so they tried this lighter material. 
In the mid-1920s, three companies co-operated to create paraffin-impregnated cotton, which produced a highly water resistant cloth, breathable, but without the stiffness in the cold or yellowing with age. Woven by Webster's, it was taken to Lancashire for dyeing (black or olive green), and then to London for cupro-ammonia treatment. The cloth was then returned to Lancashire for waxing, and then back to Webster's for storage, sales and distribution. 
Webster's were cautious about disrupting their home market, and so sent the new product to another part of the British Empire with similar climatic conditions and a love of sailing for testing: New Zealand. Given the local name Japara, as the material proved a weather and sales success, it was adopted as the trademark by Webster's. 
British Millerain were the first to wax cotton in the UK and export this specialist textile across the globe.  Halley Stevensons began as a manufacturer of textiles for upholstery, curtains and furnishing, and added waxed cotton to their range in the 1990s. More recently, Templemoyle Mills was established and began manufacturing waxed cotton in Ireland; the company registered in 2013. 
Waxed cotton became an instant success with the commercial shipping industry, and Webster's as the primary manufacturer looked for alternative markets. One early adopter was J. Barbour & Sons in the outdoor industry, producing waxed jackets for farmers and gamekeepers. As motorcycling emerged as personal transport, the new company Belstaff also developed clothing. 
Waxed cotton came in either black, or an inconsistent dark olive. Colour was controlled by the amount of copper left from the cupro-ammonia treatment, and because of variability of the olive a complementary dark brown corduroy collar was placed on dark olive jackets. 
Barbour's entered the motorcycling market from the early 1930s, with the Barbour International motorcycle suit, developing their market presence through sponsorship of the British competitions and teams in motorcycle trials. Barbour International suits were worn by virtually every British International team from 1936 to 1977, and in the 1964 International Six Days Trial, actor Steve McQueen and the rest of the American team. 
Adopted as the first choice waterproof clothing for the British armed forces during World War II[citation needed], uses of waxed cotton escalated in the late 1940s and 1950s as spare material and army-surplus was liquidated. 
Although the popularity of waxed cotton has decreased considerably, there remain various forms of waxed cotton with differences in look, touch and performance. Modern uses of waxed cotton have consolidated to a niche where its warmth provides a benefit over its cost, weight and maintenance disadvantages. 
Liu Chengming (born 20 March 1987) is a Paralympian athlete from China competing mainly in T54 classification sprint events. 
The next year Liu appeared at his first Summer Paralympic, the 2012 Games in London. He was again part of the Chinese team that took gold in the men's 400 metre relay, and also won an individual medal; bronze in the 100m sprint. Further success came at the 2015 World Championships in Doha, with a relay gold and two individual medals a gold in the 800m race and a silver in the 400m sprint. 
Liu was born in Chaoyang, China in 1987. When he was six months old Liu contracted polio which resulted in muscle atrophy in his legs. 
The 22nd Emmy Awards, later known as the 22nd Primetime Emmy Awards, were handed out on June 7, 1970.  The ceremony was hosted by David Frost and Danny Thomas.  Winners are listed in bold and series' networks are in parentheses. 
Susan Hampshire from The Forsyte Saga became the first Lead Actress, Drama to win outside the Big Three television networks - from the NET network. 
The non-marine molluscs of Belize are a part of the molluscan fauna of Belize (wildlife of Belize). A number of species of non-marine molluscs are found in the wild in Belize. 
The character has made scattered minor appearances throughout other forms of media, such as animated television series and the film X-Men: The Last Stand, in which she was portrayed by Omahyra Mota. 
Following conflicts with the X-Men in "Mutant Massacre" and the 1989 crossover "Inferno," Arclight was depicted as a member of the Femizons team in the comic book series Captain America (volume 1). She was then seen again as a member of the Marauders in 1996 and was often part of the team in their subsequent stories. 
Before engaging on their mission against the Morlocks, Sinister sends the Marauders to kidnap Nathan Summers, the recently born child of Cyclops. Once Nathan is secured, Sinister then sends the Marauders into the sewers of New York and the team engages in wholesale slaughter. Their attack becomes known as the "Mutant Massacre." Arclight herself kills dozens of Morlocks before the Marauders are attacked by heroes such as the X-Men and X-Factor, forcing them to retreat. 
Months later, the Marauders are involved in the "Inferno" crossover, during which forces of Hell are unleashed on Earth. Arclight and several Marauders are killed during the crossover, but resurrected by Mister Sinister's cloning technology. Mister Sinister combines his mental powers with his genetic manipulation to ensure that all the clones will not betray him. 
The Marauders attack the powerful mutant Nate Grey, who uses his telepathy to cause Arclight to kill her teammate Blockbuster. Nate Grey then causes the Marauder called Riptide to kill Arclight. All are later resurrected by Sinister's clone farm. 
The Marauders later reform with Scalphunter, Arclight, Harpoon, Blockbuster, Vertigo, and Malice. The X-Men confronts this group, accusing them of committing a second Morlock Massacre. The Marauders deny this charge, but the X-Man Chamber burns them alive with his psionic flame. As he burns, Harpoon impales Chamber in the back, killing the young mutant. The Marauders are later seen again without injury, indicating they were once again cloned by Sinister. 
Arclight has died in action but been repeatedly resurrected by Mister Sinister's cloning techniques. This process seems to involve a full transfer of personality and memories, effectively keeping Arclight as the same person, though now with programming that prevents her from betraying Mister Sinister. 
Arclight appeared in the 2006 live-action film X-Men: The Last Stand, portrayed by Dominican fashion model and actress Omahyra Mota.[citation needed] This version is a member of the Omegas, who are recruited by Magneto to join his Brotherhood in stopping a mutant cure. She is later killed by the Phoenix. 
Arclight appears as a boss in Deadpool, voiced by Chani Krich. This version is a member of Mister Sinister's Marauders, who encounter the eponymous character after they unknowingly cost him a bounty. Deadpool kills Arclight in battle and later faces several clones of her while hunting Sinister. 
Sowale was born in 1951 at Isara-Remo and educated at  the University of Ibadan and the University of British Columbia.  He  was ordained a deacon in 1977 and a priest a year later. He became canon in 1987, archdeacon in 1992, provost in 1993 and was elected and consecrated Bishop of Ilesa in 2000. 
Olaberria is a town and municipality located in the Goierri region of the province of Gipuzkoa, in the autonomous community of the Basque Country, northern Spain. 
This article about a location in the Basque Country, Spain, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Ecumenical creeds is an umbrella term used in Lutheran tradition to refer to three creeds: the Nicene Creed, the Apostles' Creed and the Athanasian Creed. These creeds are also known as the catholic or universal creeds. 
These creeds are accepted by almost all mainstream Christian denominations in the West, including Lutheran, Reformed, Catholic, and Anglican. Many Methodist churches accept the Nicene Creed and Apostles' Creed. 
The Eastern Orthodox Church accepts the Nicene Creed, but does not use the Apostles' Creed or the Athanasian Creed. 
The term ecumenical can refer to efforts by Christians of different church traditions to develop closer relationships and better understandings. The term is also often used to refer to efforts towards the visible and organic unity of different Christian churches in some form. 
Some speakers are in the Balikesir, Yalova, Izmir, Bursa regions of Turkey especially in Kirne (Ortaca), a village in Balikesir Province which touches the western coast, being south-west of Istanbul. 
Some dialects differ heavily from the standard form, including the Quba and Akhty dialects spoken in Azerbaijan. 
There are 54 consonants in Lezgian. Characters to the right are the letters of the Lezgian Cyrillic Alphabet. Note that aspiration is not normally indicated in the orthography, despite the fact that it is phonemic. 
Lezgian is unusual for a Northeast Caucasian language in not having noun classes (also called "grammatical gender"). Standard Lezgian grammar features 18 grammatical cases, produced by agglutinating suffixes, of which 12 are still used in spoken conversation. 
Wairopi (English: Wire Rope Bridge) is a village along the Kumusi River, in Oro Province, Papua New Guinea. The village lies along the Kokoda Track. 
During the retreat of the ill-fated Imperial Japanese campaign along the Kokoda Track during the Second World War, Japanese Major General Tomitaro Horii drowned while attempting to cross the Kumusi River at Wairopi, after the  battle of Oivi-Gorari. 
Zamzama Park, is a 26 acre park located in the phase 5 area of Defence Housing Authority in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan. It has jogging tracks, walking paths, roller blading enclosure, refreshment stand, and playground. The display center and head office of Pakistan Bonsai Society is also located inside the park near gate no.2. 
Zamzama is a posh locality situated in the Clifton Town in Karachi the largest city of Pakistan. It is a highly developed commercial area with residential accommodation as well. Famous branded shops are in this area. 
In May 2021, NASA astronomers reported that 5 to 10 years of preparation may be needed to avoid a potential impactor based on a simulated exercise conducted by the 2021 Planetary Defense Conference. 
The two main scales used to categorize the impact hazards of asteroids are the Palermo Technical Impact Hazard Scale and the Torino Scale. 
Several astronomical survey projects such as Lincoln Near-Earth Asteroid Research, Catalina Sky Survey and Pan-STARRS continue to search for more PHOs. Each one found is studied by various means, including optical, radar, and infrared to determine its characteristics, such as size, composition, rotation state, and to more accurately determine its orbit. Both professional and amateur astronomers participate in such observation and tracking. 
Richard Logan Fitts (born December 17, 1999) is an American college baseball pitcher for the New York Yankees. He was selected in the 2021 Major League Baseball draft by the Yankees. 
This biographical article relating to an American baseball pitcher born in the 1990s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
For example, a nonprofit organization may be tax-exempt under section 501(c)(3) if its primary activities are charitable, religious, educational, scientific, literary, testing for public safety, fostering amateur sports competition, or preventing cruelty to children or animals. 
According to the IRS Publication 557, in the Organization Reference Chart section, the following is an exact list of 501(c) organization types and their corresponding descriptions.[a] 
Under Section 511, a 501(c) organization is subject to tax on its "unrelated business income", whether or not the organization actually makes a profit, but not including selling donated merchandise or other business or trade carried on by volunteers, or certain bingo games. Disposal of donated goods valued over $2,500, or acceptance of goods worth over $5,000 may also trigger special filing and record-keeping requirements. 
Between 2010 and 2017 the IRS revoked the nonprofit status of more than 760,000 nonprofit organizations for failing to file the 990 form. 
The IRS explains that to be tax-exempt, "an organization must be organized and operated exclusively for exempt purposes ... and none of its earnings may inure to any private shareholder or individual." Private inurement means that the organization's assets must not unduly benefit a person. 
A 501(c)(3) organization is allowed to conduct some or all of its charitable activities outside the United States. Donors' contributions to a 501(c)(3) organization are tax-deductible only if the contribution is for the use of the 501(c)(3) organization, and that the 501(c)(3) organization is not merely serving as an agent or conduit of a foreign charitable organization. Additional procedures are required of 501(c)(3) organizations that are private foundations. 
A 501(c)(4) organization is a social welfare organization, such as a civic organization or a neighborhood association. An organization is considered by the IRS to be operated exclusively for the promotion of social welfare if it is primarily engaged in promoting the common good and general welfare of the people of the community. Net earnings must be exclusively used for charitable, educational, or recreational purposes. 
...are allowed to participate in politics, so long as politics do not become their primary focus. What that means in practice is that they must spend less than 50 percent of their money on politics. So long as they don't run afoul of that threshold, the groups can influence elections, which they typically do through advertising.
501(c)4s are similar to 501(c)5s and 501(c)6s in that the organizations may inform the public on controversial subjects and attempt to influence legislation relevant to its program and, unlike 501(c)3 organizations, they may also participate in political campaigns and elections, as long as their primary activity is the promotion of social welfare and related to the organization's purpose. 
A 501(c)4 organization may directly or indirectly support or oppose a candidate for public office as long as such activities are not a substantial amount of its activities. 
A 501(c)4 organization that lobbies must register with the Clerk of the House if it lobbies members of the House or their staff. Likewise, a 501(c)4 organization must register with the Secretary of the Senate if it lobbies members of the Senate or their staff. In addition, the 501(c)4 organization must either inform its members the amount it spends on lobbying or pay a proxy tax to the Internal Revenue Service. Lobbying expenses and political expenses are not deductible as business expenses. 
The use of 501(c)4, 501(c)5, and 501(c)6 organizations has been affected by the 2007 case FEC v. Wisconsin Right to Life, Inc., in which the Supreme Court struck down the part of the McCain-Feingold Act that prohibited 501(c)4s, 501(c)5s, and 501(c)6s from broadcasting electioneering communications. The Act defined an electioneering communication as a communication that mentions a candidate's name 60 days before a primary or 30 days before a general election. 
The organization must provide a notice to its members containing a reasonable estimate of the amount related to lobbying and political campaign expenditures, or else it is subject to a proxy tax on its lobbying and political campaign expenditures. It must also state that contributions to the organization are not deductible as charitable contributions during fundraising. 
Every organization, including a 501(c)4 organization, that expressly advocates for the election or defeat of a particular political candidate and spends more than $250 during a calendar year must disclose the name of each person who contributed more than $200 during the calendar year to the Federal Election Commission. The Federal Election Commission is required to enforce this provision based on a federal court decision in 2018. 
The origins of 501(c)4 organizations date back to the Revenue Act of 1913, which created a new group of tax-exempt organizations dedicated to social welfare in a precursor to what is now Internal Revenue Code Section 501(c)4. 
As of January 2018, the application for recognition of exemption as a 501(c)4 organization is a new form, Form 1024-A, rather than Form 1024. 
Between 2010 and 2017 the number of 501(c)4 organizations dropped from almost 140,000 to less than 82,000. In 2017 revocations of 501(c)4 groups comprised 58% which usually is only 15% of the total nonprofits which have their tax status revoked by the IRS for their failure to file the 990 form. 
A labor organization may pay benefits to its members because paying benefits improves all members' shared working conditions. An agricultural organization can provide financial assistance to its members in order to improve the conditions of those engaged in agricultural pursuits generally. Members can benefit in incidental ways from the organization's exempt activities as long as the benefits are available to all persons. 
The Revenue Act of 1913 excluded "labor, agricultural, or horticultural organizations" from income tax liability. 
Much like 501(c)(4) and 501(c)(6) organizations, 501(c)(5) organizations may also perform some political activities. 501(c)(5) organizations are allowed to attempt to influence legislation that is related to the common union interests of its members. 
501(c)(5) organizations can receive unlimited contributions from corporations, individuals, and labor unions. The names and addresses of contributors are not required to be made available for public inspection. All other information, including the amount of contributions, the description of noncash contributions, and any other information, is required to be made available for public inspection unless it clearly identifies the contributor. 
A union membership dues paid to a 501(c)(5) organization are generally an ordinary and necessary business expense. The membership dues are tax-deductible in full unless a substantial part of the 501(c)(5) organization's activities consists of political activity, in which case a tax deduction is allowed only for the portion of membership dues that are for other activities. 
Because associations involved in fishing and seafood harvesting were having difficulties qualifying for reduced postal rates, in 1976 Congress established Internal Revenue Code Section 501(5) to define "agriculture" as the art or science of cultivating land, harvesting crops or aquatic resources, or raising livestock. 
Every organization, including a 501(c)(5) organization, that expressly advocates for the election or defeat of a particular political candidate and spends more than $250 during a calendar year must disclose the name of each person who contributed more than $200 during the calendar year to the Federal Election Commission. The Federal Election Commission is required to enforce this provision based on a federal court decision in 2018. 
A 501(c)(6) organization is a business league, a chamber of commerce like the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, a real estate board, a board of trade, a professional football league or an organization like the Edison Electric Institute and the Security Industry Association, that are not organized for profit and no part of the net earnings goes to the benefit of any private shareholder or individual. 
An association would not qualify if its principal activities consist of securing benefits and performing particular services for members. 
An association that promotes the common interests of certain hobbyists would not qualify because the Internal Revenue Service does not consider hobbies to be activities conducted as businesses. 
An organization whose primary activity is advertising the products or services of its members does not qualify because the organization is performing a service for its members rather than promoting common interests. If an organization's primary activity is advertising the products or services of its members' industry as a whole, however, the organization will generally qualify if it also performs other services for its members. 
Much like 501(c)(4) and 501(c)(5) organizations, 501(c)(6) organizations may also perform some political activities. 501(c)(6) organizations are allowed to attempt to influence legislation that is related to the common business interests of its members. 
A business' membership dues paid to a 501(c)(6) organization are generally an ordinary and necessary business expense. The membership dues are tax-deductible in full unless a substantial part of the 501(c)(6) organization's activities consists of political activity, in which case a tax deduction is allowed only for the portion of membership dues that are for other activities. 
Every organization, including a 501(c)(6) organization, that expressly advocates for the election or defeat of a particular political candidate and spends more than $250 during a calendar year must disclose the name of each person who contributed more than $200 during the calendar year to the Federal Election Commission. The Federal Election Commission is required to enforce this provision based on a federal court decision in 2018. 
The predecessor of IRC 501(c)(6) was enacted as part of the Revenue Act of 1913 likely due to a U.S. Chamber of Commerce request for an exemption for nonprofit "civic" and "commercial" organizations, which resulted in IRC 501(c)(4) for nonprofit "civic" organizations and IRC 501(c)(6) for nonprofit "commercially-oriented" organizations. The Revenue Act of 1928 amended the statute to include real estate boards. In 1966, professional football leagues were added to the described organizations. 
In 2013, Senator Tom Coburn introduced legislation to disallow a tax exemption for the National Football League, the Professional Golfers' Association, and other professional sports organizations. Coburn estimated the tax exemption cost $100 million, but he said he could not get other members of Congress to support the legislation. 
A substantial amount of the 501(c)(7) organization's activities must be related to social and recreational activities for its members. No more than 35 percent of its gross receipts may derive from non-members, and no more than 15 percent of its gross receipts is permitted to come from use of its facilities or services by the general public. An organization that exceeds these limits may lose its 501(c)(7) status. 
The organization is subject to unrelated business income tax for the revenue derived from nonmember use of its facilities and services, less allowable deductions. If the organization sells assets that were previously used for recreational or social purposes, the proceeds are considered related business income as long as the proceeds are reinvested in the organization. 
In 1969, Congress passed a law stating that social and recreational clubs were permitted to engage in some unrelated business income, subject to income tax. 
The society must have members of a similar calling, recreation, or profession, or members who work together to accomplish a worthy goal. The members have associated themselves in order to help each other and to promote the common cause. The society must have written documentation of its eligibility standards for membership, classes of membership, a process of admission, and rights and privileges of members. 
The members must have a common bond, which may be based on religious beliefs, gender, occupation, ethnicity, or shared values. 
The society must have a supreme governing body and subordinate lodges into which members are elected, initiated, or admitted in accordance with its laws. The supreme governing body should be composed of delegates elected directly by members or intermediate assemblies. 
The society must offer benefits to members, which may include life insurance, medical insurance, scholarships, educational programs, travel opportunities, and discount programs. Revenue generated from providing benefits to non-members must be insubstantial to the society and may be taxable as unrelated business income. 
An individual's donation to a fraternity is only a tax-deductible charitable contribution if the contribution "is to be used exclusively for religious, charitable, scientific, literary, or educational purposes, or for the prevention of cruelty to children or animals." 
Fraternal benefit societies trace their lineage back through mutual benefit societies, friendly societies and eventually to medieval guilds. Many fraternal benefit societies were founded to serve the needs of immigrants and other under-served groups who shared common bonds of religion, ethnicity, gender, occupation or shared values. 
The cemetery may restrict burials and cremations to a certain group of people, such as impoverished people, people adherent to a certain religion, or people who lived in a certain community, as long as it still serves a broad class of people and operates for public purposes, but a 501(c)(13) organization may not enforce overly restrictive restrictions. 
A perpetual care fund that is used by a profit-making cemetery to maintain cemetery properties and burial lots is not eligible under 501(c)(13). On the other hand, a nonprofit organization may have a perpetual care fund without jeopardizing its exemption under Section 501(c)(13). 
A cemetery that owns or operates a morgue, whether on its own grounds or elsewhere, is not eligible under 501(c)(13) because the Internal Revenue Service does not consider mortuary services necessarily incident to burial purposes. The provision of traditional burial services that directly support and maintain basic tenets and beliefs of a religion regarding burial of its members" may still be eligible under 501(c)(13). 
A cemetery company wishing to be recognized under Section 501(c)(13) needs to prepare and file Form 1024 with the Internal Revenue Service. 
Historically, cemeteries were exempt from local property taxes and excise taxes in most states because states generally considered cemeteries to be performing a recognized civic service. 
The Tariff Act of 1913 provided an exemption from federal income taxes for mutual cemetery companies that were organized and operated exclusively "for the benefit of their members". In 1921, Congress extended the tax-exemption to cemetery companies that are not mutual and to cemetery companies that are not operated for profit as well as any corporation solely incorporated to operate a cemetery and whose net gains do not inure to any person. 
In 1970, Congress included crematorium in the definition of cemetery for the purposes of Section 501(c)(13). 
This biographical article related to association football in Hungary, about a forward, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This biographical article related to a Swedish swimmer is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Hamish Henry Cordy Keith CNZM OBE (born 15 August 1936) is a New Zealand writer, art curator, arts consultant and social commentator. 
Keith has been a consistent critic of the Museum of New Zealand Te Papa Tongarewa, referring to it as a "theme park", the "cultural equivalent to a fast-food outlet" and "not even a de facto national gallery" but seems to have moderated his opinion more recently when making a case for exhibition space on the Auckland waterfront. 
Keith has been a regular radio and television broadcaster and worked on the pioneer arts program Review as reporter and director. He made the first television program on New Zealand art, Waterfall to Waterfall in 1962 and in the late 1960s he made a six-part series on New Zealand art for Radio New Zealand. In 1965 he toured the first ever exhibition of contemporary New Zealand art in Australia. 
From 1970 to 1976 he hosted the Radio New Zealand weekly interview programme Guest of Honour. In 1982, with Bruce Morrison, he made Profiles, a series of six half-hour documentaries on contemporary New Zealand artists Tony Fomison, Richard Killeen, Neil Dawson, Greer Twiss, Philip Clairmont and Jeffrey Harris. 
He wrote four scripts for the pioneering television drama series Pukemanu and was principal writer for Section Seven. In 1984 he wrote and presented the two-hour series Housing New Zealand in the Twentieth Century, and presented two series of Kiwi Shorts. 
His most recent project was the arts documentary The Big Picture, directed by Paul Swadel and produced by Fiona Copland of Filmworks, which garnered three nominations at the 2008 New Zealand Screen Awards, and won Best Series and Best Music Awards. 
Keith completed his Diploma in Fine Arts at the Canterbury School of Fine Art in 1956 and worked briefly at the Christchurch Press before gaining employment at the Auckland City Art Gallery. In 1960 he completed a studentship at the National Gallery of Victoria in Melbourne, followed by a Museums Diploma from the Museums Association of Great Britain in 1964.[citation needed] 
In 1967 he toured the United States on a six-month Carnegie Corporation Fellowship. In 1970 he was one of a group who set up the Regional Arts Federations in opposition to the original Arts Council. He served as national president Actors Equity and founding president of the Writers Guild.[citation needed] 
He was part of a small group that persuaded Len Lye to donate his works to the Govett-Brewster Art Gallery in New Plymouth and was an original trustee of the Len Lye Foundation. He was the original negotiator for the Te Maori exhibition. In 1999 he convened the government review into New Zealand's cultural infrastructure Heart of the Nation. In 2006 Keith curated Towards Auckland: Colin McCahon, the gallery years at the Auckland Art Gallery.[citation needed] 
In 1969 he stood as a Labour candidate for the Parliamentary seat of Remuera. In 1990 he stood in a by-election unsuccessfully for Mayor of Auckland City as the Green Party candidate. 
Keith was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire, for services to the arts, in the 1981 New Year Honours. In October 2009, the University of Waikato conferred an honorary doctorate on Keith. In the 2013 Queen's Birthday Honours, he was appointed a Companion of the New Zealand Order of Merit, for services to the arts. 
The former Swedish agency Televerket, now a private company TeliaSonera is suspected of involvement in a corruption scandal in Azerbaijan, the Swedish newspaper Svenska Dagbladet reports.  Corruption by proxy is the term used in these instances. 
The head of facilities management at The Swedish Prison and Probation Service was sentenced to 3.5 years in prison in what in 2016 was the largest corruption case involving a civil servant in Sweden. 
The song was released as the third single from Tiago PZK's upcoming debut album. The song reached Spotify's Global Top 50 placing it on Spotify's most-played songs list. Although the song was released on July 8, 2021, it took weeks for the song to hit the charts thanks to the song trending on the short video platform TikTok. 
Julian Ringhof (born February 21, 1989) is a German footballer who most recently played as a centre-back for FSV Optik Rathenow. 
Ringhof played five years of college soccer split between time at California State University, Los Angeles and the University of San Diego. 
Ringhof signed with United Soccer League club Rochester Rhinos on March 25, 2015. The next season, he was signed by Arizona United SC on February 18, 2016. 
Dr. Mario Express,[a] known in PAL regions as A Little Bit of... Dr. Mario, is a Mario action puzzle video game published by Nintendo. The game was released as a DSiWare title for the Nintendo DSi platform. Dr. Mario Express was released as a launch title for the DSiWare service in Japan on December 24, 2008, and was released in both North America and PAL regions in 2009. The game was developed by Arika, which had also created Dr. Mario Online Rx for WiiWare. 
Dr. Mario Express features the general gameplay of earlier Dr. Mario puzzle games, which focus on eliminating colored viruses from the playing field by matching them with colored capsules. Dr. Mario Express received generally positive reviews, but was criticized for offering fewer playable game modes than earlier Dr. Mario titles. 
While the game lacks multiplayer support, Dr. Mario Express offers a "VS CPU" mode in which the player plays against a computer-controlled player, which has its own playing field visible in the DSi top screen. The player's goal is to clear his playing field of all the viruses before the computer player does. The player will win the game upon eliminating all the viruses or if the other playing field fills up with capsules. 
Five Billion Pinheads Can't Be Wrong is the fourteenth studio album by experimental rock composer Zoogz Rift, released in 1996 by AVT Records. 
This article compares the economies of Canada and the United States based on GDP, debt-to-GDP ratio, inflation, unemployment, public debt, taxation, and purchasing power parity. In 2016, Canada's tax revenue to GDP ratio was 31.7% ranking 24th out of 35 OECD countries, compared to the US at 26% ranking at 30th, according to the OECD. 
The GDP of the United States increased by 2.3% to US$19,390.6 billion compared to Canada with a GDP of US$48,265 billion and growth of 3% according to the January 2018 International Monetary Fund's (IMF) annual World Economic Outlook (WEO). 
According to the IMF's 2018 annual Article IV Mission to Canada, compared to all the G7 countries, including the United States, Canada's "total government net debt-to-GDP ratio", is the lowest. Canada has been the G7 leader in economic growth since 2016. The unemployment rate in Canada is at its lowest level since c.1978. Over 600,000 full-time jobs have been created in Canada since early 2016. 
The IMF's 2018 annual Article IV Mission to the United States reported that, "Unemployment is low, inflation is well contained, and growth is set to accelerate. During the course of this administration, the economy is expected to enter the longest expansion in recorded U.S. history." Topics covered include competition, debt, sustainability analysis, economic indicators, fiscal policy, fiscal sustainability, monetary policy, tax policy and trade policy. 
The International Monetary Fund's annual World Economic Outlook provides the main economic indicators in Canada in selected years between 1980 and 2017. Inflation under 2% is in green.[Notes 1] 
This table show the same economic indicators in the United States in selected years between 1980 and 2017. Inflation under 2% is in green.[Notes 2] 
Although wealth is more highly concentrated in the US, the median (50th percentile) worker has about 23% more purchasing power as well.  In terms of purchasing power parity, the most recent statistics from the IMF has Canada (US$35,494) lower than that in the United States (US$43,444). 
The OECD tracks member countries debt-to-GDP ratio, the "amount of a country's total gross government debt as a percentage of its GDP", as an "indicator of an economy's health and a key factor for the sustainability of government finance." 
This compares United States public debt and Canadian public debt based on data from the CIA's World Factbook and the IMF.[Notes 3] 
According to the Fraser Institute, government spending at all levels (federal, state/provincial and local) has traditionally been higher in Canada than the United States. 
According to the OECD's report entitled "Taxing Wages 2018" in 2017, the "employee net average tax rate for a single person in Canada with no children was 22.8%, compared to 26.1% in the United States. Canada placed "11th lowest among 35 OECD countries". The OECD "estimates take into account federal and provincial or state taxes, as well as social security contributions and money returned in the form of family benefits". 
In 2016, Canada's tax revenue to GDP ratio was 31.7% ranking 24th out of 35 OECD countries, compared to the US at 26% ranking at 30th, according to the OECD. 
According to a table updated to January 2018, produced by the Netherlands-based KPMG, one of the world's Big Four auditors, the corporate tax rate in Canada was 26.50% compared to 27% in the United States. 
KPMG calculated the Canadian corporate tax by adding the federal and provincial tax components. The federal component is 15%. Each of the ten provinces and three territories have 2 different tax rates, one which is lower for small businesses which ranges from 0 to 4.5%, and higher for all other corporations, which ranges from 11.5 to 16%. Combined with the federal tax component the total can vary from 26.5% to 31%. 
In 2017, the unemployment rate in Canada was 6.3%, compared to 4.4% unemployment rate in the United States. From November 2017 through October 2018, Canada's unemployment ranged from 5.8% to 6.0%. 
The  United Nations Human Development Index (HDI) is one of several annual composite indices published by the UNDP Human Development Report (HDR) office. The HDI ranks countries based on life expectancy, education, per capita income. Canada and the United States were placed in the very high human development category in 2017 with Canada ranking 12th, with an HDI of 0.926, and the United States ranking 13th, with an HDI of 0.924, out of 189 countries 
Other HDR annual composite indices include the Inequality-Adjusted Human Development Index (IHDI) with Canada ranking 12th with an index of 0.852 compared to the US ranking 25th with an index of 0.797; the Gender Development Index (GDI), the Gender Inequality Index (GII), and the Multidimensional Poverty Index (MPI). 