On Senior Night, celebrated on February 20, 2021, goaltender Molly Singewald made her first career start. A member of the Colonials Class of 2021, she recorded a shutout victory. 
Anil Balliram (born 27 February 1974) is a Trinidadian cricketer. He played in 25 first-class and 3 List A matches for Trinidad and Tobago from 1993 to 2000.
This biographical article relating to Trinidad and Tobago cricket is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Note: Companies I and K were composed primarily of suspected members of the so-called Arkansas Peace Society, who were arrested and sent to Little Rock by members of the 45th Arkansas Militia Regiment, where they were given the choice of Confederate service or imprisonment. Most of the men were from Searcy County. The officers were non-Peace Society men appointed by the Governor.
In the reorganization of Confederate forces before the start of the Kentucky Campaign, the 3rd Confederate, now under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Henry Virtner Keep was assigned to Brigadier General Sterling A. M. Wood's 4th Brigade of Major General Simon Bolivar Buckner's 3rd Division of Major General William Joseph Hardee's Corps of the Army of Mississippi. The regiment participated in Battle of Perryville, Kentucky, in October 1862.
SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of killed, wounded, missing, and prisoners belonging to the Third Confederate Regiment, together with the part taken by my command, in action at Murfreesborough December 31, 1862:
My command took position on the left of the brigade on Tuesday, [December] 30, and remained on the field until the army fell back.
My command being much reduced, Gen. Wood honored me with a position on his staff during the fight of Thursday, Friday, and Saturday.
The conduct of both officers and men of my command, without exception, was worthy of all praise. I would call the attention of the general to the conduct of Lieut. Frank Foster, jr., of the Forty-fifth Mississippi Regt. Ever by my side, he displayed great gallantry and coolness. Seizing the standard, he rallied hundreds of panic-stricken men, thereby reforming our then thin ranks.
Lieut. [H. H.] Davis, Company E, was badly wounded and left at hospital at Murfreesborough. All the remainder of my wounded are within our lines.
By the time of the Battle of Chickamauga, the 3rd Confederate had been field consolidated with the 5th Confederate Infantry due to battle losses and placed under the command of Colonel James A. Smith. The consolidated 3rd/5th Confederate Infantry was assigned to the brigade of Brigadier General Lucius E. Polk in Cleburn's Division of the Army of Tennessee.
SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the battle of September 19 and 20, on Chickamauga Creek:
I was here directed by Lieut.-Gen. Hill to halt my regiment, as it had, by directing itself on Wood's brigade, become somewhat detached from the remainder of the brigade. This ended the contest for to night, most of the fighting having been done since dark.  My loss in this affair was about 25 men, most of them [receiving] slight wounds.
We remained in line during the night of the 19th, replenished our supply of ammunition, and were ready to move again at daylight. We were not, however, engaged until about 10 o'clock on the 20th, having received our rations from the rear in the meantime.
In this last engagement the loss of the regiment was heavier than in either of those that preceded it. It was here that Capt. George Moore, of Company H, was instantly killed by a cannon ball. Capt. James [H.] Beard, the best and bravest soldier I ever saw, was mortally wounded. Many other true and gallant men likewise fell here.
Among the survivors conspicuous for their gallantry and good conduct I would mention Maj. R. J. Person, Capt. M. H. Dixon, Adjt. M. M. Smith, and Liuet. O. H. Smith. A list of the killed, wounded, and missing has already been furnished.
Report of Capt. M. H. Dixon, Third Confederate Infantry, commanding Third and Fifth Confederate Infantry.
Our loss, 2 killed and 17 wounded. Among the latter, Lieut. Col. J. C. Cole, who was shot-and believed mortally-while directing and encouraging his men. Upon the fall of Lieut.-Col. Cole, the command devolved upon Capt. W. A. Brown, senior officer present, until my arrival with a detachment of the regiment ordered to guard Shallow Ford Bridge.
The officers distinguished for gallant bearing are Capt. Brown, Lieut.'s R. H. Hayes, E. H. Fite, and Sergt. Maj. W. B. Clark.
When General Joseph E. Johnston assumed command of the Army of Tennessee to oppose General Sherman's Atlanta Campaign, the 3rd Confederate was assigned to Govan's Brigade. The 3rd Confederate participated in the battles of Dalton, Resaca, New Hope Church, Kennesaw Mountain, Atlanta, and the Siege of Atlanta. During the Battle of Atlanta on July 22, 1864, the 3rd Confederate had only 62 effectives and reported 9 casualties.
The regiment and it colors were captured, along with much of Govan's Brigade at the Battle of Jonesboro, Georgia, on Sept. 1, 1864. Due to a special cartel between Union General Sherman and Confederate General John B. Hood, the unit was quickly paroled and exchanged for Union prisoner held at Andersonville Prison. The regiment re-entered service approximately a month later.
Cyclaxyra jelineki is a species of cucujoid beetle in the family Cyclaxyridae. It is endemic to New Zealand, found on the North Island, South Island, and Stewart Island.
Live2D is the technique of generating 2D animations, usually anime-style characters, using layered, continuous parts based on an illustration, without the need of frame-by-frame animation or a 3D model. Live2D is also the name of the eponymous animation software series employing the technique, created by  Japanese programmer Tetsuya Nakajo.
Live2D characters consist of layered parts, such as eyes, mouths, and arms, that are rigged to a skeleton to form a whole animated character. Live2D can be used with motion capture to track movements and perform lip syncing for real-time applications such as vtubing.
Some software programs are able to create animated avatars by combining the Live2D system with real-time motion capture and computer-generated imagery, including:
Eacles canaima is a moth in the family Saturniidae. It is found in Venezuela. It is light yellow with some slight orange.
Lo was born in Taiwan on 20 July 1954 to an upper-class family. He complied with his family's wishes to finish medical school by graduating from the China Medical University in Taichung, but decided to abandon a career as a physician to pursue a singing and songwriting career.
In 2004, Lo formally relinquished his US citizenship to protest the introduction to the US House of Representatives of a resolution regarding the deployment of Taiwanese marines to Iraq. "[W]hen US representatives introduced a resolution requesting that Taiwan send marines to Iraq, I realized that while the US often stresses peaceful negotiations across the Taiwan Strait, the US government is the third party that stands in the way of truly peaceful negotiation," Lo said.
The Pullur Kodavalam inscription (dated to 1020 AD) is an early 11th century stone inscription from Pullur, near Kanhangad in Kerala, south India. The old Malayalam inscription in Vattezhuthu script (with some Grantha characters) is engraved on a single stone slab in the courtyard of the Pullur Kodavalam Vishnu Temple.
It was released on PC and sixth generation platforms and a Nintendo DS version on November 21, 2005, while it was released on November 22, 2005, on the Xbox 360 as a launch title, as well as a Game Boy Advance version titled Kong: The 8th Wonder of the World; also, a PlayStation Portable version was released December 20, 2005. The film's cast members reprise their roles.
In the game, the player assumes the roles of both New York scriptwriter Jack Driscoll and the giant gorilla, King Kong, as they struggle to survive the threats of Skull Island in 1933.
Human levels are controlled from a first person perspective. The game de-emphasizes the role of a heads-up display: it lacks a life bar, aiming reticle, and ammunition readout (the ammo readout and aiming reticule can be turned on and off at the player's will, but is disabled by default), further adding to the challenge and encouraging the player to find alternate weapons and techniques.
The game features an alternate ending where Kong can be saved during the Empire State Building shootout and safely returned to Skull Island. The ending was approved by Peter Jackson. To unlock the alternate ending, players must complete the entire game and then go back and play through various maps and earn a total of 250,000 points. It can also be accessed by using the cheat codes.
The Xbox 360 release features improved graphics and audio over the sixth generation console releases. The second PC version, known as the "Gamer's Edition", (originally only available with select graphics cards and later offered on game download services) also includes these improved features.
Symptomatic of early seventh generation console games, the Xbox 360 version is only set up for HDTV, leaving the image on standard-definition TVs very dark and unsatisfactory for gameplay. As a result, Ubisoft recommended fans buy the Xbox version until a fix for the problem was produced. The patch was eventually released. The Xbox version is not backwards compatible with the Xbox 360. In June 2019, Microsoft added the Xbox 360 version to the Xbox One backwards compatible library.
The retail PC version utilizes the StarForce copy protection system, which may cause unforeseen difficulties for players, especially those using Microsoft Windows 7. No patch has been released by the publisher to remedy this problem. The Gamer's Edition of the game is playable on Windows 7 and in Windows 10 with no issues.
The Xbox 360 version of the game has poorly coded shaders, allowing homebrew and unsigned code to run on the Xbox 360 through modified disc images of the game, which exploited the aforementioned shader engine.
Peter Jackson's King Kong was a commercial success, selling more than 4.5 million copies by the end of March 2006. The PlayStation 2 version received a "Platinum" sales award from the Entertainment and Leisure Software Publishers Association (ELSPA), indicating sales of at least 300,000 copies in the United Kingdom.
In PKIs there are three other primary methods for clients to obtain pointers to PKI data: adopting specific certificate extensions; looking at easily accessible repositories (e.g. DNS, local database, etc.); and adapting existing protocols (e.g. Web Services).
Although encouraged, usage of the AIA and SIA extension is still not widely deployed. There are two main reasons for this. The first is the lack of support for such extensions in available clients. The second reason is that extensions are static, i.e. not modifiable. Indeed, to modify or add new extensions, in order to have users and applications to be aware of new services or their dismissal, the certificate must be re-issued.
The SRV record or DNS Service record technique is thought to provide pointers to servers directly in the DNS (RFC 1035). As defined in RFC 2782, the introduction of this type of record allows administrators to perform operations rather similar to the ones needed to solve the problem PRQP addresses, i.e. an easily configurable PKI discovery service.
The basic idea is to have the client query the DNS for a specific SRV record. For example, if an SRV-aware LDAP client wants to discover an LDAP server for a certain domain, it performs a DNS lookup for _ldap._tcp.example.com (the _tcp means the client requesting a TCP enabled LDAP server). The returned record contains information on the priority, the weight, the port and the target for the service in that domain.
The problem in the adoption of this mechanism is that in PKIs (unlike DNS) there is usually no fixed requirement for the name space used. Most of the time, there is no correspondence between DNS structure and data contained in the certificates. The only exception is when the Domain Component (DC) attributes are used in the certificate's Subject.
The DC attributes are used to specify domain components of a DNS name, for example the domain name example.com could be represented by using the dc=com, dc=example format. If the CA's subject field would make use of such a format,  the Issuer field would allow client applications to perform DNS lookups for the provided domain where the information about repositories and services could be stored.
However, currently, the practice is very different. In fact it is extremely difficult for a client to map digital certificates to DNS records because the DC format is not widely adopted by existing CAs. For example, only one certificate from IE7/Outlook certificates store uses the domain components to provide a mapping between the certificate and an Internet Domain.
The Ather 450 was first unveiled in February 2016 while aiming for a 2016 or early-2017 launch. But after delays it was finally launched in September 2018 in Bengaluru along with its lower-end sibling, the Ather 340. Ather 340 was later discontinued due to low demand.
The scooter was made available in Chennai in October 2019 with 10 charging stations set up across the city.
In January 2020, Ather Energy introduced Ather 450X, quicker, more intelligent than its predecessor Ather 450. Deliveries of Ather 450X started in  November and is now available in Bengaluru, Chennai, Delhi-NCR, Mumbai, Pune, Ahmedabad, Kochi, Mysore, Hubli, Jaipur and Hyderabad.
The scooter features a 7-inch touchscreen dashboard, and comes with features like on-board navigation, diagnostics, all-LED lighting, fast charging, reverse parking assist, auto-cancelling indicators, smartphone integration, and cloud connectivity to send and receive data from Ather's servers. It also has an incognito mode that does not share the user's GPS data with Ather.
Ather Energy offers an upgraded version of Ather 450 called the Ather 450 Plus which has a top speed of 70 kmph and a True Range of 70 km in Eco mode. The Ather 450 Plus offers 4G connectivity, onboard navigation, and other connected features but does not have Bluetooth connectivity and the Warp mode.
The scooter is available in Bengaluru, Chennai, Delhi-NCR, Mumbai, Pune, Ahmedabad, Kochi, Mysore, Hubli, Jaipur and Hyderabad and will be available in 16 more Indian cities in 2021. 
The limited-edition Ather 450X Series 1 scooter was available only to those Ather Energy enthusiasts who pre-ordered the scooter before the national launch of the Ather 450X on January 28th, 2020. 
The 2021 America East Men's Basketball Conference Tournament was the postseason men's basketball tournament for the America East Conference that began February 27, 2021 and ended March 13, 2021. Starting in the semifinals, all tournament games were played on the home arenas of the higher-seeded school. In Pod Play and the Quarterfinals, games were played at either New Hampshire or Hartford. The winner received the conference's automatic bid to the NCAA Tournament.
Age of Bronze is an American comics series by writer/artist Eric Shanower retelling the legend of the Trojan War. It began in 1998 and is published by Image Comics.
The series aims to be true to all literary traditions, from Homer's Iliad to Shakespeare's Troilus and Cressida, as well as to the archaeology of the Bronze Age Aegean. When complete it is projected to comprise seven volumes.
After a six year hiatus issue 34 was published in 2019, the first to be in color. Individual issues will henceforth be solely digital except a handful printed to fulfill existing print subscriptions. No further print subscriptions will be accepted. Book collections are being reissued in color. Plans are to publish two issues a year.
Shanower won the Eisner Award for best writer/artist in 2001 and 2003, and was nominated for the Ignatz Award for outstanding artist in 1999, for his work on Age of Bronze.
That Gal of Burke's is a lost 1916 silent short film directed by Frank Borzage and starring Ann Little. It was released by the Mutual Film Company.
Werner Andreas Albert conducted the orchestra in a recording of Robert Volkmann's orchestral works, two ouvertures, two symphonies and a cello concerto with soloist Johannes Wohlmacher.
Alun Francis conducted a recording of Carl Reinecke's four piano concertos with pianist Klaus Hellwig.
Conducted by Michail Jurowski, they played in 1995 the premiere recording of Dmitri Shostakovich's unfinished opera Die Spieler (The Gamblers) after Nikolai Gogol, completed by Krzysztof Meyer in 1981, sung in Russian by soloists of the Bolshoi Theatre.
Toshiyuki Kamioka conducted Einojuhani Rautavaara's Symphony No.7 "Angel of Light" in January 2000 in Detmold, Paderborn, Herford, Bad Salzuflen and Minden.
In 2004 Benjamin Britten's War Requiem was performed in the Mainz Cathedral in a collaboration with Joshard Daus and the EuropaChorAkademie.
A program of orchestral Lieder and works of Hans Pfitzner and Richard Strauss with baritone Hans Christoph Begermann and conductor Otto Tausk was also performed in Witten.
In 2017, Dirk Kaftan conducted the first series of concerts, performing Alban Berg's Violin Concerto with Liza Ferschtman as soloist, and  Bruckner's Fourth Symphony at seven locations, including Hamm and Marburg.
In the 2020/21 season, the orchestra had to play short concerts with small groups of players, due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Yves Abel conducted a program of Barber's Adagio for Strings, Mendelssohn's Violin Concerto with Anna Tifu as the soloist, and Poulenc's Sinfonietta (Poulenc).
The orchestra has played in productions of stage works by Richard Wagner, an ongoing project of the Stadttheater Minden on an initiative by Jutta Hering-Winckler, president of the local Richard Wagner Society. The conductor has been Frank Beermann, GMD of the Chemnitz Opera:
Zabrus foveipennis is a species of ground beetle in the Pterostichinae subfamily that is endemic to Turkey.
A README file contains information about the other files in a directory or archive of computer software. A form of documentation, it is usually a simple plain text file called README, Read Me, READ.ME, README.TXT, README.md (to indicate the use of Markdown), or README.1ST.
In particular, there is a long history of free software and open-source software including a README file; the GNU Coding Standards encourage including one to provide "a general overview of the package".
Since the advent of the web as a de facto standard platform for software distribution, many software packages have moved (or occasionally, copied) some of the above ancillary files and pieces of information to a website or wiki, sometimes including the README itself, or sometimes leaving behind only a brief README file without all of the information required by a new user of the software. 
The expression "readme file" is also sometimes used generically, for other files with a similar purpose.[citation needed] For example, the source-code distributions of many free software packages (especially those following the Gnits Standards or those produced with GNU Autotools) include a standard set of readme files:
Also commonly distributed with software packages are an FAQ file and a TODO file, which lists planned improvements.
The following are the events in related to Philippine law in 2017. This includes developments in criminal investigations of national notability.
In Japanese mountaineering terms, Go is about 1/10 time rate in climbing journey. It is sometimes called "station" in English.[clarification needed]
In July 2020, Geukens was with his wife and a friendly couple on cycling holiday in the Netherlands. On 22 July after supper he was not feeling well. He died later that evening, aged 57, presumably as a result of heart failure.
Following Hochstetter's departure from New Zealand, the Nelson Provincial Council asked Haast to build on the geological work already completed. In particular, he was to focus on identifying valuable minerals in the ranges between Nelson and the Grey River, to scout out travelling routes to Westland, and to complete a topographical map of the area.
Haast's topographical and geological survey of south west Nelson took eight months, from January to August 1860. His report to the Nelson Provincial Council was published in early 1861 and of note were his discoveries of coal near the present-day town of Westport. He also found that the coal seams discovered by Thomas Brunner in 1848 were of a higher quality than first thought. He found gold in several tributaries of the Upper Buller, and reported on his botanical and zoological findings.
In 1870, Haast was appointed the curator of Canterbury Museum. The specimens that he collected on his expeditions of earlier years were a key part of the early holdings of the museum. Following the establishment of the Canterbury University College, he lectured in geology from 1873, and was made professor in 1876.
His Geology of the Provinces of Canterbury and Westland, N.Z., was published in 1879. He was elected fellow of the Royal Society in 1867, and was given a hereditary knighthood by the Emperor of Austria in 1875. He was awarded the Royal Geographical Society's Patron's Gold Medal in 1884 for his explorations in New Zealand.
Haast travelled to England in 1886, as New Zealand's commissioner to the Colonial and Indian Exhibition in London. While there, he was made Knight Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George for his services. He had previously been made a Companion of the same order three years previously.
Haast died on 16 August 1887, following his return to Christchurch. He is buried in the grounds of Holy Trinity Church in Stanmore Road, Christchurch. He was survived by his second wife, Mary Dobson, daughter of the Canterbury Provincial Engineer Edward Dobson, and the couple's five children.
USS Bomazeen was originally the Bathgate, a tugboat built in 1919 at New York and purchased by the United States Navy on 29 December 1941 from the Meseck Towing Lines. She was renamed Bomazeen; designated YT 238 and placed in service on 4 February 1942.
Gael Briane Mackie (born December 16, 1988) is a Canadian artistic gymnast who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Mackie's father, William Mackie, twice qualified for the Canadian Olympic team in men's gymnastics, but both times, injuries prevented him from competing. Her younger sister, Charlotte, also competed as an elite gymnast, including at the 2009 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships.
Coached by Vladimir and Svetlana Lashin at Omega Gymnastics, Mackie came to prominence on the Canadian gymnastics scene by winning the senior national championship at age 14.
As a junior elite gymnast, Mackie was the national champion on vault in 2001, and on vault, floor, and in the all-around in 2002. In 2003, she became the senior national all-around champion, as well as the Elite Canada champion on the uneven bars and balance beam. She was a member of the Canadian teams at the 2003 World Championships and at the 2002 and 2003 Pan American Games.
In 2004, Mackie was named to the Canadian team for the Olympic Games in Athens, along with Melanie Banville, Amelie Plante, Heather Purnell, Kate Richardson, and Kylie Stone. In the qualifications round, she competed only on the uneven bars. Canada finished 10th and did not advance to the team final.
This biographical article related to Canadian artistic gymnastics is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Nomafrench Mbombo (born 6 September 1966) is a South African academic and politician who has been the Western Cape Provincial Minister of Health since 2015 and a Member of the Western Cape Provincial Parliament since 2014. She previously served as the Western Cape Provincial Minister of Cultural Affairs and Sport from 2014 to 2015. Mbombo was the Federal Leader of the Democratic Alliance Women's Network from 2018 to 2021.
Mbombo was born on 6 September 1966. She spent her childhood in Mdantsane, East London in the former Cape Province.
She earned a PhD in the fields of Gender and Human Rights from the University of the Western Cape. Mbombo achieved her Masters in Maternal and Child Health from the University of KwaZulu-Natal, and her Bachelors in Nursing Science from the University of Fort Hare. She was then employed in the Eastern Cape and KwaZulu-Natal provincial and local government health departments.
Before being involved in politics, she worked as an associate professor at the Faculty of Community and Health Sciences Department of the University of the Western Cape.
She has also served as a member of various organisations, such as the National Committee of Confidential Enquiries on Maternal Death, NEPAD, and the UN Office of Human Rights: Women & Gender Directorate.
Mbombo, previously an African National Congress supporter, joined the DA in 2013, after attending a DA meeting for black professionals.
Mbombo was elected to the Western Cape Provincial Parliament in the 8 May 2014 election and was sworn in as a Member on 21 May 2014. She represents the Philippi region of the City of Cape Town. Premier Helen Zille appointed Mbombo to the post of Western Cape Provincial Minister of Cultural Affairs and Sport. She was sworn in as Provincial Minister on 26 May 2014.
In December 2014, Premier Zille announced that Theuns Botha and Mbombo would exchange ministerial positions. Mbombo would become Western Cape Provincial Minister of Health, while Botha would take her position. The changes came into effect on 1 January 2015.
In 2018, incumbent Democratic Alliance Women's Network Federal Leader Denise Robinson announced that she would not seek re-election to another term. Mbombo subsequently declared her candidacy and was elected at the party's Federal Congress on 7 April 2018.
In May 2019, newly elected premier Alan Winde announced that he had retained Mbombo in her post as Provincial Minister of Health.
In October 2019, she declared her candidacy for interim Federal Chairperson of the Democratic Alliance following Athol Trollip's resignation. She lost to Ivan Meyer.
In December 2020, Mbombo was criticised for posting on Facebook that she was on holiday in Limpopo, amid the second wave of COVID-19 infections in the Western Cape. She said that it was a "well-deserved, long overdue break".
On 28 April 2021, Mbombo resigned as the Federal Leader of the DA's Women's Network. Her resignation came after Bonginkosi Madikizela resigned as DA provincial leader and the Provincial Minister of Transport and Public Works.
In March 2020, Mbombo came into contact with the French consul-general Laurent Amar who tested positive for COVID-19. She consequently went into self-isolation and later tested negative.
Shoot 'em ups (also known as shmups or STGs) are a sub-genre  of shooter video games, which are in turn a sub-genre of action video games. There is no consensus as to which design elements compose a shoot 'em up; some restrict the definition to games featuring spacecraft and certain types of character movement, while others allow a broader definition including characters on foot and a variety of perspectives.
Fixed shooters restrict the player along with enemies to a single screen; this can also include giving them a single axis of motion. Everything including movement is constrained to one screen. Examples include Space Invaders (1978), Galaxian (1979), Centipede (1980), Galaga (1981), Pooyan (1982), Galactix (1992), Love Hero (2019), Doughlings: Invasion (2019).
Multidirectional shooters feature 360-degree movement where the protagonist may rotate and move in any direction. Multidirectional shooters with one joystick for movement and one joystick for firing in any direction independent of movement are called twin-stick shooters.
Space shooters involve piloting spacecraft in an outer space setting. Following the success of Space Invaders, space shooters were the dominant subgenre during the late 1970s to early 1980s. These games can overlap with other subgenres as well as space combat games.
Tube shooters feature craft flying through an abstract tube, such as Tempest (1981) and Gyruss (1983). There is still a single axis of motion, making these a subset of fixed shooters.
 Cute 'em ups feature brightly colored graphics depicting surreal settings and enemies. Cute 'em ups tend to have unusual, oftentimes completely bizarre opponents for the player to fight, with Twinbee and Fantasy Zone first pioneering the subgenre, along with Parodius, Cotton, and Harmful Park being additional key games. Some cute 'em ups may employ overtly sexual characters and innuendo.
Vertically scrolling shooters or vertical scrolling shooters present the action from above and scroll up (or occasionally down) the screen.
Side-scrolling shooters or horizontal scrolling shooters present a side-on view and scroll horizontally.
Isometrically scrolling shooters or isometric shooters, such as Sega's Zaxxon (1982), use an isometric point of view.
Run 'n' gun or run and gun games have protagonists that fight on foot, often with the ability to jump. Examples include Commando, Ikari Warriors, Contra, Cuphead and Metal Slug. Run-and-gun games may use side scrolling, vertical scrolling or isometric viewpoints and may feature multidirectional movement.
Video game journalist Brian Ashcraft argues that Spacewar! (1962), an early mainframe game, was the first shoot 'em up video game. Spacewar was developed at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1961, for the amusement of the developers. It was remade four times as an arcade game during the early to mid-1970s. The game featured combat between two spacecraft.
With these elements, Space Invaders set the general template for the shoot 'em up genre. It became one of the most widely cloned shooting games, spawning more than 100 Space Invaders clones. It has influenced most shooting games released since then, which have continued to rely on "the multiple life, progressively difficult level paradigm" of Space Invaders according to Eugene Jarvis.
The term "shmup" is believed to have been coined in 1985 by the British Commodore 64 magazine Zzap!64. In the July 1985 issue, the term was used by the editor Chris Anderson and reviewer Julian Rignall.
West Englewood is an unincorporated community located within Teaneck in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States.
This Bergen County, New Jersey state location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. It is located in the Chuckatuck Historic District.
This article about a property in Suffolk, Virginia on the National Register of Historic Places is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Jefferson Lake Coburn was an American architect in Maine practicing in the firm Jefferson Coburn & Sons.
This article about a United States architect or architectural firm is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
A Hill repair is an anti-acid reflux procedure.  It is similar to the Nissen fundoplication.  Though far less common owing to a greater degree of difficulty, studies indicate a similar rate of efficacy.  It is performed almost exclusively in the Pacific Northwest.
Biricodar or incel (INN, codename VX-710) was a pharmaceutical drug under development by Vertex Pharmaceuticals to help treat ovarian cancer patients, that never reached the market.
This antineoplastic or immunomodulatory drug article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Matrimony.com Limited, whose flagship brand is BharatMatrimony, is a network of matchmaking services. More than 4000 employees work at over 20 offices across India. The company also has offices in the US and Dubai.
BharatMatrimony operates in 15 regional languages. The company has pioneered several matrimony-related services such as Assistedmatrimony, a personalized matchmaking service for busy professionals where a trained relationship manager does the matches and facilitates meetings between prospects.  Its premium service, Elite Matrimony, offers matchmaking services for the upper crust that ensures privacy and confidentiality during the process.
In 2005 BharatMatrimony launched BharatMatrimony Centres, its offline division. The company pioneered the personal assisted service in 2008 with the launch of BM Privilege. This was then renamed Privilege Matrimony in 2009. Later it became Assisted Matrimony. Trained relationship managers understand member preferences, search for matching profiles and send them to members. They then contact prospects and facilitate meetings on mutual consent of prospective families.
 "Elite Matrimony", launched in 2008, caters to wealthy individuals or their families seeking matrimonial alliances, and is a part of Matrimony.com's premium matchmaking service.  The website employs staff who assist members in searching for potential partners, and its services are available only to invited members who must pay a matchmaking service fee ranging from 60,000 rupees to over 2,220,000 rupees.  The site was founded in 2008 by Murugavel Janakiraman in Chennai.
In 2012, the company came out with Matrimony Directory, a wedding vendors classifieds portal It features over 50,000 wedding related services in over 20 cities.
BharatMatrimony has mobile apps for iPhone, iPad, BlackBerry, Nokia and Android users in India. It also has an upgraded WAP site. Community Matrimony also has mobile apps.
Back in the early 2000s, when there was skepticism about online matrimony and fear about paying online, the company pioneered doorstep collections in India. The company introduced features on their website like Matchboard, SoulMate Search, AstroMatch, and Express Interest to help customers make the right matches.
In 2006, Bharat Matrimony earned an entry in the Limca Book of World Records for having facilitated the highest number of documented marriages online in India.
Redrice School was an independent school located at Red Rice, near Andover in Hampshire, United Kingdom.
The school was founded by Adrian Stokes and Richard Arnold Jones in 1961 with patronage of The Bishop of Portsmouth. and with a Board of Governors chaired by Thomas Shaw, 3rd Baron Craigmyle.  A later chairman was William O'Brien.
The school was dedicated to the 40 English Martyrs, whose names were given to the houses and dormitories. The school crest depicted the martyr's crown and palm leaves.
After the Second World War, there was an increased demand for Catholic education. In the private sector, the Catholic preparatory and public schools were often oversubscribed. When Redrice opened in 1961 it was the first entirely lay-run Catholic public school.
Originally, there was a planned limit of 200 boarders. A pupil could start after passing the Common Entrance examination, and end after taking 'A' levels. That five-year period, and through the use of streaming, gave an average class size of fewer than 15 pupils.
The name changed in 1980 from 'Redrice School' to 'Redrice College' to assist in marketing the school abroad. The school closed in 1982, and the premises were taken over by Farleigh School.
The school's former pupils are named 'old martyrs'. Annual reunion dinners take place in London. In February 2013, there were over 140 ex-pupils connected in a Facebook group for ex-pupils and staff.
Some trees were removed to create space for rugby and cricket fields. New buildings were built onto the existing building to accommodate classrooms and dormitories. Some attempts were made to convert an ornamental water garden into a swimming pool. A new house was built in the grounds as accommodation for one of the headmasters (Adrian Stokes) and his family.
Arahiwi had a population of 156 at the 2018 New Zealand census, a decrease of 21 people (-11.9%) since the 2013 census, and an increase of 6 people (4.0%) since the 2006 census. There were 54 households. There were 81 males and 75 females, giving a sex ratio of 1.08 males per female. The median age was 31.1 years (compared with 37.4 years nationally), with 39 people (25.0%) aged under 15 years, 33 (21.2%) aged 15 to 29, 72 (46.2%) aged 30 to 64, and 9 (5.8%) aged 65 or older.
Although some people objected to giving their religion, 59.6% had no religion, 28.8% were Christian and 3.8% had other religions.
Of those at least 15 years old, 6 (5.1%) people had a bachelor or higher degree, and 18 (15.4%) people had no formal qualifications. The median income was $33,900, compared with $31,800 nationally. The employment status of those at least 15 was that 66 (56.4%) people were employed full-time, 24 (20.5%) were part-time, and 3 (2.6%) were unemployed.
Barbra Streisand is an American singer, actress, and filmmaker. With a career spanning seven decades, she has achieved success in multiple fields of entertainment and is one of the few entertainers who have been awarded an Emmy, Grammy, Oscar, and Tony Award (EGOT).
Steven Lloyd Welch is an American Christian musician, worship leader, and pastor, who primarily plays Christian pop and contemporary worship music. He has released one solo album, Color of Love, in 2012, with Dream Records.
Steven Lloyd Welch, the son of Stan, a pastor, and Sherry Lynn Welch, who is the older brother to Sumer, who is his sister. He was formerly the worship leader at James River Assembly in Springfield, Missouri, while he eventually left to take a position with Eastridge Church in Issaquah, Washington. His wife is Danina, and they have children together.
His professional music career started in 2011, with the recording, Color of Love, that was released on September 18, 2012, from Dream Records.
The complete Bylaws of the corporation are publicly available in both Canadian languages on the official website of the Association.
Presidents of SF Canada in order of succession have been: Candas Jane Dorsey, Karl Schroeder, Jean-Louis Trudel, Hugh Spencer, Mark Shainblum, Candas Jane Dorsey, Derryl Murphy, Colleen Anderson, Edward Willett, Steve Stanton, Peter Halasz, Lynda Williams, Robert Dawson.
The ninth season of the animated television series, Archer, subtitled  Danger Island, premiered on April 25, 2018, on FXX.
FXX announced that season 9 would see a change in the time again, with this series set between 1938 and 1939. Along with the change in the time, the network announced that although the same voice cast will return as in previous seasons, they will again play different versions of their characters. This means that Archer, who was found shot in actress Veronica Deane's pool after season seven, remains in a coma, and the events of the season are of his imagination.
These different versions have similar personalities to their "normal" counterparts but take on different jobs or roles and have different relationships. The season's premise sees Archer as an alcoholic co-pilot with Pam, living on the lush and mysterious Pacific island of Mitimotu.
The season also pays homage to the short-lived 1980s television series Tales of the Gold Monkey which featured a very similar premise as Danger Island. Adam Reed has previously claimed that Tales of the Gold Monkey was "one of my favorite shows ever."
Manahan Sitompul is an Indonesian judge and currently one of the justices of the Constitutional Court of Indonesia.
In January 2017, Sitompul was investigated alongside several other justices on the Constitutional Court in relation to a graft scandal. Chief Justice Arief Hidayat cleared Sitompul and colleague I Dewa Gede Palguna of any wrongdoing, but found evidence of bribery in an animal health case that led to the dismissal of their (former) colleague Patrialis Akbar.
As per the 2001 census, Thalavoi (North) had a total population of 2426 with 1175 males and 1251 females.
This article related to a location in Ariyalur district, Tamil Nadu, India is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Originally all 15 engines were painted green. From the middle of the 1970s, however, they were resprayed bordeaux red with a wide, ivory-coloured stripe. This was later painted much narrower on the sides. The DB also had the engines repainted in the livery of the time.
M101 OT2015-1 (also known as PSN J14021678+5426205, iPTF13afz and AT 2015dl) is a contact binary that merged into a single star, in a process known as a luminous red nova (LRN). M101 OT2015-1 is an optical transient located in the Pinwheel Galaxy (M101). Luminous red novae are representatives of the sparsely populated class of exploding variables which is known since 1988 when such a star appeared in the M31 galaxy.
The final confirmation came a year later, on 2016 January 28, from observations carried out in several astronomic observatories in Russia.
"I Am a Lonesome Hobo" is a song written and recorded by Bob Dylan, released in 1967 on his eighth studio album, John Wesley Harding. The song was produced by Bob Johnston.
The original Rolling Stone review of John Wesley Harding from 1968 claimed that the song recalled Arthur Rimbaud's "miniature masterpiece My Bohemian Existence" and noted how Dylan "brilliantly...reverses the role of the Hobo and tells us what road one may end up on if one does not 'stay free from petty jealousies, live by no man's code', hold your judgment for yourself and keep cool".
Dylan scholar Tony Attwood sees the song as "fitting neatly alongside 'Drifter's Escape', representing the other side of the coin of the outcast in American society". Whereas the narrator of "Drifter's Escape" is an honest man who "steals only in desperation", the narrator of "I Am a Lonesome Hobo" is a man who's "past success and well-being financially...has corrupted him".
Jochen Markhorst calls it a song of "simple beauty" but also "a neglected child" since Dylan never played the song again after recording it for John Wesley Harding. Markhorst also notes that, "To compensate: almost every cover is very attractive".
Russell Lea is a small suburb in the inner-west of Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia. Russell Lea is located 8 kilometres west of the Sydney central business district in the local government area of the City of Canada Bay.
Russell Lea sits on the western shore of Iron Cove, on the Parramatta River. It is a quiet tree-lined suburb with large waterfront homes as well as more traditional federation homes.
Russell Lea takes its name from one of its original settlers, Russell Barton, who was a pastoralist, mine owner and politician. He developed the "Russell Lea Estate" on a 24-hectare (60-acre) grant.
In the 2016 census, Russell Lea has a population of 5,001 persons, of whom 2,621 (52.4%) were female and 2,380 (47.6%) were male.  
The song's accompanying music video premiered on October 9, 2015 on O.T. Genasis's YouTube account. Since its release, the music video has received over 220 million views on YouTube.
In 2016, Young Dolph performed his hit single "Cut It" live at the Royal South Central in Atlanta along with Solo Lucci and more to promote his debut album "King of Memphis". The performance was filmed by StayOnGrindTV's Director LookImHD.
The official remix entitled "Cut It Remix: Part One" features Young Thug and Kevin Gates. The second remix entitled "Cut It Remix: Part Two" features Lil Wayne and T.I.
Moe railway station is located on the Gippsland line, in Victoria, Australia. It serves the town of Moe, and opened on 1 March 1878.
It was formerly the junction station for the narrow gauge Walhalla line and the broad gauge Thorpdale and Yallourn lines.
Construction of the current station building commenced in late 1991, and was completed by 1992, with the former station building demolished shortly after.
She worked as a schoolteacher prior to her June 1865 marriage to Dr. John G. Blake, a graduate of Harvard Medical School who had admired her published poems before they met in person. They had eleven children; of the six that survived into adulthood, five boys graduated from Harvard University and one daughter graduated from Radcliffe College.
Science of Life Studies 24/7 Malaysia (better known as SOLS 24/7), is tax exempted, humanitarian organisation registered in Malaysia.
The organisation was created to provide subsidised or free non-formal education programs to underserved communities and currently has 14 ongoing programs and projects in Malaysia.
In 2013, co-founder Raj Ridvan Singh further expanded the vision and mission of SOLS 24/7 and founded its Social Empowerment Arm.
Cambodia: Started by Raj Ridvan Singh's father, brother and himself in January 2000 (under registration of LCDI), and officially re-registered in 2005 (under registration GDI).
SOLS 24/7 is registered with the Companies Commission of Malaysia as a company limited by guarantee with the registration number 811025T since March 25, 2008.
 Raj Ridvan Singh left school in Malacca at the age of 14 without sitting for the Penilaian Menengah Rendah (PMR) Malaysian public examinations.
He also secured a Microsoft Grant for the SOLS 24/7 social enterprise in Timor-Leste after presenting to a panel during the Scale-up Pitching session at YSEF in 2008. In 2009 he set up two state-of-the-art ICT Labs for the Universidade Nacional de Timor-Leste fully funded by USAID. Raj Ridvan Singh has been instrumental in establishing the SOLS 24/7 Malaysia Youth Development Center, in Kuala Lumpur.
Raj Ridvan Singh received a letter of praise and support from Nobel Peace Prize Laureate and President of Timor Leste Dr. Jose Ramos Horta for SOLS 24/7's efforts in Timor Leste in July 2009.
'Science of Life' comes from the concept that if every child could be scientifically shown the challenges and possibilities they would face in life and also shown their true self, they will be able to prepare and develop all the skills needed to live a great life. 'Life' constitutes all the time (24 hours a day, 7 days a week), and is represented now. Not the future, or after life only.
'Science of Life' is also the name of the comprehensive program for personal and youth development which is taught exclusively in all SOLS 24/7 training centers. This program explores human potential through a series of concepts, discussions, activities and real life examples dealing with topics such as 'Leadership', 'Character Development', 'Responsibility', 'Love & Unity', 'Righteousness', 'Dynamism' and much more.
The SOLS 24/7 Main Training Center, Dili officially opened its doors to the Timorese youth in November 2006. From an initial 16 students, SOLS 24/7 now has training centers in 11 of the 12 districts in Timor Leste.
SOLS 24/7 is also operating another initiative called SOLS Computers which refurbishes donated computers and distributes it to rural and poor welfare homes, orphanages, old folks home and communities. SOLS 24/7 is also a Microsoft Registered Refurbisher.
SOLS 24/7 also acts as a hub for blood donations, community area cleaning, vaccinations as well as partnering with other NGO's and grassroots projects to generate a greater impact for those in need.
Bikya (also known as Furu) is a potentially extinct Southern Bantoid language spoken in Cameroon. It is one of the three, or four, Furu languages. In 1986 four surviving speakers were identified, although only one (a man in his seventies) spoke the language fluently.
English linguist Dr. David Dalby filmed an 87-year-old African woman who spoke Bikya as her native tongue. At the time, it was believed that she was the last Bikya speaker.
Tori are of fundamental importance in the theory of algebraic groups and Lie groups and in the study of the geometric objects associated to them such as symmetric spaces and buildings.
In most places we suppose that the base field is perfect (for example finite or characteristic zero). This hypothesis is required to have a smooth group schemepg 64, since for an algebraic group     G   {\displaystyle G}   to be smooth over characteristic     p   {\displaystyle p}  , the maps
Over the field of real numbers      R    {\displaystyle \mathbb {R} }   there are exactly (up to isomorphism) two tori of rank 1:
This equivalence can be generalized to pass between groups of multiplicative type (a distinguished class of formal groups) and arbitrary abelian groups, and such a generalization can be convenient if one wants to work in a well-behaved category, since the category of tori doesn't have kernels or filtered colimits.
Given a finite separable field extension L/K and a torus T over L, we have a Galois module isomorphism
If T is the multiplicative group, then this gives the restriction of scalars a permutation module structure.  Tori whose weight lattices are permutation modules for the Galois group are called quasi-split, and all quasi-split tori are finite products of restrictions of scalars.
As seen in the examples above tori can be represented as linear groups. An alternative definition for tori is:
If      G    {\displaystyle \mathbf {G} }   is a semisimple algebraic group over a field     F   {\displaystyle F}   then:
Obviously the rank is greater than or equal the     F   {\displaystyle F}  -rank; the group is called split if and only if equality holds (that is, there is a maximal torus in      G    {\displaystyle \mathbf {G} }   which is split over     F   {\displaystyle F}  ). The group is called anisotropic if it contains no split tori (i.e. its     F   {\displaystyle F}  -rank is zero).
Note that this allows to define the      Q    {\displaystyle \mathbf {Q} }  -rank of any lattice in a semisimple Lie group, as the dimension of its asymptotic cone.
In his work on Tamagawa numbers, T. Ono introduced a type of functorial invariants of tori over finite separable extensions of a chosen field k.  Such an invariant is a collection of positive real-valued functions fK on isomorphism classes of tori over K, as K runs over finite separable extensions of k, satisfying three properties:
The notion of invariant given above generalizes naturally to tori over arbitrary base schemes, with functions taking values in more general rings.  While the order of the extension group is a general invariant, the other two invariants above do not seem to have interesting analogues outside the realm of fraction fields of one-dimensional domains and their completions.
The 1951 Boston Red Sox season was the 51st season in the franchise's Major League Baseball history. The Red Sox finished third in the American League (AL) with a record of 87 wins and 67 losses, 11 games behind the New York Yankees, who went on to win the 1951 World Series.
Note: Pos = Position; G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Note: G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Note: G = Games pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; SV = Saves; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
The Berkshire Athenaeum is a public library (1872) based on a previously private athenaeum, and now at 1 Wendell Avenue, Pittsfield, Massachusetts in the Berkshires, United States. Like many New England libraries, the Berkshire Athenaeum started as a private organization.
In 1903, the Berkshire Athenaeum assumed the responsibility for the newly created Berkshire Museum, and was both a public library and museum until the museum spun off in 1932. The Berkshire Athenaeum is now Pittsfield's public library and contains a collection of more than 150,000 items. The library's special collections on local history, genealogy, local author Herman Melville, and other Berkshire authors are some of the best in the northeast.
Designed by New York architect William Appleton Potter, the original Berkshire Athenaeum building was erected in 1874-1876 as a gift from railway magnate and native son Thomas Allen. It is in the High Victorian Gothic style, constructed of dark blue limestone from Great Barrington, red freestone from Longmeadow and red granite from Missouri. The 1876 building became the Berkshire County Registry of Deeds in 1975 when the Berkshire Athenaeum moved to the current library building two doors away.
The collection is geared to those with historical interest in the City of Pittsfield and its residents. With close to 4,700 square feet, the department is located at the east end of the main floor of the Athenaeum, with additional closed stack space located in the storage room on the lower floor.
The Local History Collection provides historical and genealogical information primarily about the Berkshires and greater Berkshire area, but it also includes New England, eastern New York State, and Southern Canada to showcase the origin of Berkshire families.
The Berkshire Authors Room houses a collection of books and other materials by and about authors with a connection to the Berkshires.
The Herman Melville Memorial Room collection includes first editions of writer Herman Melville's works, manuscripts, family letters, and annotated volumes from his personal library.  Paintings. prints, and photographs of him are also available. In addition, the collection showcases biographies and critical studies works produced by Melville scholars.
On November 15, 2011, CBS announced the cancellation of The Early Show, and replacement by a new morning program that CBS News chairman Jeff Fager and president David Rhodes stated would "redefine the morning television landscape." The Early Show ended its twelve-year run on January 6, 2012, replaced three days later on January 9 by the second version of CBS This Morning.
By the fall of 1982, Captain Kangaroo had disappeared from the daily schedule, and the new team of Kurtis and Sawyer were anchoring three hours of news in the morning, as they were also seen on the CBS Early Morning News an hour earlier.
CBS News correspondents Jane Wallace and Meredith Vieira briefly alternated as interim co-host in an on-air try-out that lasted several months, but both were passed over for the permanent spot. Instead, CBS settled for former Miss America and The NFL Today co-host Phyllis George, who was given a three-year contract following a mere two-week trial run. There was little chemistry between George and Kurtis onscreen and the show fared poorly.[citation needed]
In an August 1986 Newsweek article, columnist Jonathan Alter wrote regarding the move, "The CBS Morning News was simply shot dead. Underappreciated co-anchors Forrest Sawyer and Maria Shriver left the air with a classy farewell after the network's announcement that the perennially lagging show would be canceled by the end of the year."
Tom Shales reported in The Washington Post, "throughout the industry there is shock and derision for the way CBS has handled [the] Morning News, so long its problem child. Competitors are saying the Morning News fiasco is a symptom of a new disarray in CBS News, and some question whether current CBS News executives will all be able to ride out the storm."
On October 30, 2006, The Early Show received a revamp, featuring new graphics (with a new blue and orange color scheme instead of blue and yellow) and music similar to that used on the CBS Evening News (which were also rolled out on Up to the Minute and the CBS Morning News in early October). On December 4, 2006, it was announced that Rene Syler would leave the show by the end of the month; her last show was December 22.
On December 7, 2006, CBS News named Russ Mitchell (who had been co-anchor of the program's Saturday edition since its inception as CBS News Saturday Morning in 1997) as the news anchor for the program starting January 2, 2007. On November 28, 2007, it was announced that Hannah Storm was leaving as the program's co-anchor; her last day was December 7, 2007.
On April 16, The Early Show scored a coup with the broadcast of a live musical performance by Susan Boyle. The Early Show enjoyed a relatively successful May sweeps, racking up a 5% increase in total viewership year-to-year while remaining flat in the 25-to-54-year-old demographic, at a time when both Today and Good Morning America were shedding viewers to the tune of 3 and 4% respectively.
On January 13, 2010, CBS announced that news anchor Russ Mitchell would exit The Early Show at the end of the week, leaving a gap in the program's anchor lineup. He became the national correspondent for CBS and would remain as anchor of the Sunday edition of the CBS Evening News.[citation needed] Around this time, Koeppen left The Early Show to become a primary news anchor for CBS-owned KDKA-TV in Pittsburgh; her spot as consumer correspondent was not replaced.
In January 2010, Erica Hill became the program's news update anchor, joining Smith, Rodriguez, Price and now features correspondent Chen.
The Early Show became the last morning network news/talk program to begin broadcasting in high definition on April 26, 2010. The Evening News control room was to be used to base the program, as construction was under way for a new control room for The Early Show at the General Motors Building. New graphics were now overlaid to accommodate added screen space, and were also used throughout other CBS News programs.
In March 2011, the program introduced a redesigned set, which included a new anchor desk backdrop, a new reporter area and a blue color scheme. On September 2, 2011, it was announced that Marysol Castro would be leaving her post as weather anchor effective immediately.
After Castro's departure, the hosts had cut directly to local CBS affiliates to provide forecast cut-ins (with a narrated national outlook available to stations that did not provide cut-ins due to the absence of a news department), making CBS the only one of the three major broadcast morning shows without a national forecast segment.
In 2011, the program had begun focusing on hard news in contrast to the other network morning news programs, which show a mix of hard news, lighter news and infotainment. Coverage consisted of national and international news, including occasional town halls with political leaders and in-depth coverage of major events.
The final edition of The Early Show aired on January 7, 2012, with that week's final Saturday edition being broadcast from the set of the CBS Evening News at CBS Broadcast Center, anchored by Rebecca Jarvis and John Miller, news anchor Betty Nguyen and weather anchor Lonnie Quinn.
Unlike its competitors Today and Good Morning America, The Early Show did not have a Sunday edition, due to the continued success of CBS News Sunday Morning, which maintained a distinct newsmagazine format with long-form feature reports and in-depth interview segments.
Industry insiders considered Shelley Ross' influence to be a serious threat to raising the profile of the program to turn it into a true competitor to NBC's Today and ABC's Good Morning America. However, Ross was fired as executive producer after only six months, following frequent feuds with staff (particularly Smith and Chen), who reportedly informed management that either Ross would have to go or they would resign on their own.
In 2010, The Early Show was nominated for a GLAAD Media Award for "Outstanding TV Journalism Segment" for the segment "Reverend's Revelation: Minister Speaks Out About Being Transgender".
Shiryayevsky is located on Khopyorsko-Buzulukskaya plain, on the left bank of the Buzuluk River, 6 km southwest of Preobrazhenskaya (the district's administrative centre) by road. Preobrazhenskaya is the nearest rural locality.
Viswanath received his bachelor's degree from National Institute of Technology Karnataka and Ph.D. degree in electrical engineering and computer science from the UC Berkeley College of Engineering in 2000.
This biographical article relating to a computer specialist is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about an Indian engineer, inventor or industrial designer is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Run Baby Run is a Ghanaian action film directed by Emmanuel Apea and starring John Apea. The film received 8 nominations and won 4 awards at the African Movie Academy Awards in 2008, including the awards for Best Picture, Best Director and Best Screenplay.
Enoch Sarpong Jr., a Ghanaian student living in the UK, is visited by his little sister from Ghana, who had mistakenly picked up the wrong suitcase at the airport. The suitcase contains a huge amount of cocaine. Enoch decides to sell the drugs, however the real owners of the drugs soon meet up with him, chasing him all across the UK and Ghana.
Augeas is a free software  configuration-management library, written in the C programming language.  It is licensed under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License.
Augeas uses programs called  lenses (in reference to the Harmony Project) to map a filesystem to an XML tree which can then be parsed using an XPath syntax, using a bidirectional transformation. Writing such lenses extends the amount of files Augeas can parse.
Dhorbania, also known as Henchir Oued Nebhana, is a village and locality in Tunisia. It's also the site of Ancient city and former bishopric Bahanna, now a Latin Catholic titular see.
Dhorbania is in the Kairouan Governorate of Tunisia, North Africa. It is located at latitude 36.19392n and  Longitude 10.02064e, in the hinterland of the Gulf of Hammamet, and south of Tunis. It is on the Oued Nebhana Stream, and it has a post code of 1160 in the Tunisian postal service.
Ruins of the city  include a Christian basilica, baptistry, an Olive press and a bridge over the stream. 
Bahanna was important enough in the late Roman province of Byzacena to become one of the suffragan bishoprics of its capital Hadrumetum (modern Sousse)'s Metropolitan Archbishopric, but like most faded, presumably under Islam.
The diocese was nominally restored in 1933 as Latin Catholic titular bishopric (Curiate Italian Baanna).
Finding that all the ways of escape had been barred, he rushed into the haveli of Duni Chand which had a large open compound with a wall around it at village Gurdas Nangal, 6 km to the west of Gurdaspur. In it, Banda accommodated 1,250 men with a small number of horses.
With this beggarly equipment in men, money and material and living in a small house with an open compound, Banda had defied the mighty Mughal Empire for over eight months. No better record than this challenge can be traced anywhere else in world history.
Born in Godalming, and educated at the Royal Grammar School, Guildford, Lintott was Queens Park Rangers' first ever England international in 1908.
The 2017 Liga 3 Final is a football match to determine the winner of the 2017 Liga 3 between Persik Kendal and Blitar United. The match will held in 17 December 2017 at Gelora Bumi Kartini Stadium, Jepara.
This biographical article relating to a Turkish basketball figure is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
 Hungary men's national goalball team is the men's national team of Hungary. It takes part in international goalball competitions.
New York hosted the 1984 Summer Paralympics where thirteen teams participated and the team finished eighth.
During her time in Sudan, Beasley focused on working within Sudanese cultural boundaries to produce educational change. She stated that:
"The most encouraging feature is in recognising the possibilities which are in the girls themselves, and feeling that it is they who may eventually overcome the many obstacles to development which have been placed in their way. The disheartening results in some districts are balanced by the embarrassing success in others. Perhaps if the work goes on quietly in the same unostentatious spirit at the end of the next twenty years there may be a proportionately greater tale to tell."
Beasley submitted both her professional and personal papers to a variety of archives in England. Her paperes are widely recognised as a unique source for analysis of Sudan's colonial past and the education of women in Africa. They recall the early days of air travel in Africa, amongst other anecdotes. Her work in the Sudan has been studied, with a particular focus on her views on FGM, particularly by Sudanese anthropologist Rogaia Mustafa Abusharaf. They include:
Adam Gilchrist is a retired international Australian batsman and wicketkeeper.  He scored centuries (scores of 100 or more) 33 times in his career. And he scored centuries in both Test and One Day International (ODI) matches organised by the International Cricket Council (ICC).  Describing his batting philosophy simply as "just hit the ball", he has been called "one of the most destructive batsmen the sport has ever seen".
The 2012 Kraft Nabisco Championship was played at Mission Hills Country Club in Rancho Mirage, California, from March 29 through April 1. It was the 41st edition of the Kraft Nabisco Championship and its 30th year as a women's major.
The field was 117 players, including 110 professionals and seven amateurs. The 36-hole cut was the top 70 players and ties; it was at 148 (+4) and 82 players advanced to the weekend.
Amy Yang shot a six-under 66 to claim the lead after the first round on Friday. Lindsey Wright shot 67 for second place and world number one and 2010 winner Yani Tseng shot four-under 68 for third place. Defending champion Stacy Lewis was tied for sixtieth at 74 (+2).
Daniel Paul Charles was a French musician, musicologist and philosopher. He was born on 27 November 1935 in Oran (Algeria) and died on 21 August 2008 in Antibes (France).
He was a student of Olivier Messiaen at the Paris Conservatory of Music (First Prize, 1956), he received the aggregation in philosophy in 1959 and a PhD under the direction of Mikel Dufrenne in 1977.
Daniel Charles has been invited by many universities to lecture (usually across the Atlantic, but also including Japan and the Philippines), and has published many articles and several books, five of which have been translated into German, and two into Japanese.
Nicknamed "The Wizard", he is considered one of the most prominent and commercially successful artists ever to emerge from former Yugoslavia.
Dino is recognised for his later solo work during which he established himself as one of the best-selling regional artists of all time. During his career, he has produced over a dozen chart-topping albums, held several record-breaking tours, won many awards including the Sixth April Award of Sarajevo, and has authored the first national anthem of Bosnia and Herzegovina. He is widely known for his distinctive voice, stage performances and poetic lyrics.
On his mother's insistence, and contrary to his own wishes of attending music school, Dino enrolled into the Sarajevo Technical High School. After school hours, he performed in a music duo with his childhood friend and keyboard player Mirsad Lutvica with whom he later established the band "Merlin".
In 2000, aged 38, Dino wrote and released his most successful album to date - the famous "Sredinom" (trans. Middle). The album was the top-selling album in Bosnia and Herzegovina and was sold in all of the former Yugoslav republics.
The album eventually turned into a classic and became the highest selling album of the region in the last 30 years. Some estimates put the album sales at about 2,000,000 - a record breaking success considering that the whole population of Yugoslavia was about 20,000,000 people.
Although Dino likes to keep his humanitarian activities private and out of public sight, it is known that he is an active donor of scholarships to underprivileged children in Bosnia and Herzegovina. He is a long-time member of the Hastor Foundation, the biggest organisation of its kind devoted to distributing scholarships to primary and high-school students in the country. Dino acts as a sponsor to over dozen students every year and has been a member of this programme since 2008.
Dino worked for 5 years pro bono as the honorary and de facto president of the assembly of AMUS - the main association of music artists of Bosnia. He has been one of the founding members of this organisation in 2013. In early 2018 he resigned from his position as president due to the lack of available time at his disposal to run the association.
During his career he has played numerous charity concerts. During the great floods, which have affected the region, Dino's team was heavily involved in humanitarian works - distributing water, food, blankets and other provisions to the most endangered parts of Bosnia and Serbia.
Lepinotus inquilinus is a species of granary booklouse in the family Trogiidae. It is found in Africa, Australia, Europe and Northern Asia (excluding China), Central America, North America, Oceania, and Southern Asia.
This biographical article relating to an Iranian sport wrestler or wrestling coach is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Rolf Dobelli (July 15, 1966) born in Luzern, Switzerland, is a Swiss author and entrepreneur. Dobelli is the author of The Art of Thinking Clearly (2011). Dobelli is a member of Edge Foundation, Inc., PEN International and the Royal Society of Arts. He is the founder of the  World Minds foundation.
Dobelli studied philosophy and business administration at the University of St. Gallen where he graduated with a doctorate on the "Deconstruction of Economic Discourse" in 1995. He then went to work as the CFO and Managing Director in various Swissair subsidiaries. In 1999 he co-founded "getAbstract".
From 2001 to 2009 Dobelli hosted a weekly television show "Seitenweise Wirtschaft" for the Swiss newspaper and media company, NZZ. He also wrote a weekly column on the Art of Thinking Clearly.
He resigned from getAbstract in 2011 so that he could dedicate himself to writing. Dobelli's increasing dissatisfaction with the world of pure business was already reflected in his 2003 novel titled "35 - A Midlife Story". This was followed by his 2004 book, "And what do you do for a living" and his 2007 book "Who am I? 777 indiscreet questions."
In 2020 Dobelli's published "Stop Reading the News, A Manifesto for a Happier, Calmer and Wiser Life". Martin Newman, reviewing the book for the Financial Review wrote, "'Stop Reading the News' explores the explosion of opinion-based news, the elevation of mediocrity over substance (The Kardashians!!), the way news creates the illusion of empathy, can elevate stress levels and builds a mindset that reinforces negativity".
This biographical article relating to a Swedish ice hockey player is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Henri is a 2013 Franco-Belgian drama film directed by Yolande Moreau. It was screened in the Directors' Fortnight section at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival. The film received four nominations at the 5th Magritte Awards, including Best Film and Best Director for Yolande Moreau.
This article related to members of the fly family Asilidae is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Underwater rugby (UWR) has been played in Australia since 2007 and as of 2016 is played in every State and the Australian Capital Territory.
Underwater rugby has been played in Australia since 2007.  Its introduction is attributed to individuals based at the University of New South Wales Underwater Club including a former member of the Colombian National Team.
After the ascent, Charles Barrington returned to Ireland and never visited the Alps again. He owned and trained a famous racehorse, "Sir Robert Peel", that won the first Irish Grand National in 1870.
Barrington organized the first Irish mountain race in 1870, offering a gold watch to the winner of this running event, which was held on the Sugar Loaf mountain in County Wicklow.
He died at his family home in Earlsfort Terrace in Dublin on 20 April 1901, and is buried in Mount Jerome Cemetery.
The Compile trademark is being used as a brand label by Compile Heart to promote merchandise and games based on Compile properties. As of 2010, Compile Heart entered into a licensing deal with D4 Enterprise to create new video games based on franchises from Compile properties. This agreement does not affect the rights to the Puyo Puyo series as Sega retains ownership of the property.
Compile debuted their most successful title, Puyo Puyo, on the MSX computer in 1991. Puyo Puyo is a falling-block puzzle game similar to Tetris (1984). The object of the game is to create groups of four or more "Puyos" of the same color as they fall from the top of the screen. This simple yet addictive concept was expanded on in a series of sequels over the course of two decades.
Puyo Puyo reached North America and the PAL region in graphically altered form under the title of Dr. Robotnik's Mean Bean Machine for the Mega Drive/Genesis, as well as on the Super Nintendo (as Kirby's Avalanche in North America and Kirby's Ghost Trap in the PAL region). However, the series' unaltered appearance was Puyo Pop, a title used for games that were released on the PC Engine, Neo Geo Pocket Color and Game Boy Advance.
Until 1993, Compile focused much of their development efforts on the shoot 'em up genre. In the 1990s, a few Compile personnel left the company to work for another video game development company, 8ing/Raizing (est. 1993). There they contributed to such games as Mahou Daisakusen (1993) and Battle Garegga (1996).
Some employees who stayed with Compile until its end reincorporated as MileStone Inc. in April 2003, and continued to develop new shooters.
Aleste was released on the MSX2 and ported to the Master System. A sequel, Aleste 2, was also released for the MSX2. Musha Aleste (titled M.U.S.H.A. in the US) was released on the Mega Drive in 1990. The game takes place in a unique Japanese futuristic setting. Super Aleste came out in 1992 for the Super Famicom and was retitled Space Megaforce in North America. Aleste is now available on cellular phones, courtesy of Aiky.
Gunhed (retitled Blazing Lazers for North America) was released in 1989 and became a showpiece for NEC's PC Engine console.
Developed jointly by Compile and Naxat Soft under the common label Nazac, Seirei Senshi Spriggan and Spriggan Mark 2 were respectively released in 1991 and 1992 for the PC Engine CD-ROM system.
Games marked with a dagger are conversions of a pre-existing version of a game as opposed to being natively developed.
Welsh units of measurement are those in use in Wales between the Sub-Roman period (prior to which the Britons used Roman units) and the 13th-century Edwardian conquest (after which English units were imposed). Modern Wales no longer employs these units even for customary purposes but instead follows the custom as elsewhere in Britain of using a mixture of metric and Imperial units.
The Welsh seem to have used an eight-[n 4] or nine-day week, rather than a seven-day one, long after their conversion to Christianity.
When Emperor Francis I of Austria died on 2 March 1835, his incapable son Ferdinand I succeeded to the throne. To preserve the Austrian autocratic system, Francis had taken precautions, and his last will ordered the establishment of a Secret State Conference. The panel held its constituent meeting on 12 December 1836.
The composition represented a compromise between the ruling House of Habsburg-Lorraine and its ministers: Archduke Louis was brother of late Emperor Francis I, Archduke Karl was the brother of Ferdinand I, Metternich was responsible for foreign affairs and Kolowrat was responsible for domestic policy and finances. Metternich became the symbol of reaction and conservatism, but Kolowrat was considered liberal.
The Secret State Conference's activities were overshadowed by the hostilities between Chancellor Metternich and his rival Kolowrat that finally led to the outbreak of the Revolution of 1848. Metternich was forced to resign and fled to England, and Kolowrat was appointed first Minister-President of Austria on March 20 but the office for only a month.
He was the husband of Bessie Rischbieth, a South Australian feminist, social activist, and campaigner for women's rights.
Rischbieth was born in Glenelg in the colony of South Australia to Charles Rischbieth, a Hanover-born merchant and business leader, and Elizabeth Susan Wills. He studied at Prince Alfred College.
A noted athlete in his youth, Rischbieth played Australian Rules Football for Norwood. While in England, he also played rugby, representing the North of England in a match against Scotland.
His father was businessman and colonist Charles Rischbieth. His cousin Oswald Rishbeth was a pioneer of academic geography in Britain.
Mordella latesignata is a species of beetle in the genus Mordella of the family Mordellidae, which is part of the superfamily Tenebrionoidea. It was discovered in 1936.
The list of shipwrecks in 1839 includes ships sunk, foundered, wrecked, grounded, or otherwise lost during 1839.
The University of Puerto Rico (Spanish: Universidad de Puerto Rico, UPR) is the main public university system in the U.S. Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. It is a government-owned corporation with 11 campuses and approximately 58,000 students and 5,300 faculty members. UPR has the largest and most diverse academic offerings in the commonwealth, with 472 academic programs of which 32 lead to a doctorate.
1908 - The Morrill-Nelson Act is extended to Puerto Rico, making the University a "Land Grant College," which authorizes use of federal land to establish colleges of agriculture, science and engineering.
1923 - The University Act of 1923- the University reorganized administratively it independent Insular Department of Education, provides the Board of Trustees as the governing board, and make the position of Rector as the principal officer. In 1924 the governor appointed the first Rector. 
1924 - The administrative structure and identity of the University of Puerto Rico becomes independent from the Department of Public Instruction.
1926- The School of Commerce (later School of Business Administration) and the School of Tropical Medicine were established.
1935 - The U.S. Congress extended to Puerto Rico the benefits of Bankhead-Jones Act, which provided funding for research and the construction of more buildings.
1942 - Act No. 135 of May 7, 1942, amendment to the University, created the Higher Education Council as the governing board of the institution and regulator of the higher education system in Puerto Rico.
1946 - The University received accreditation from the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools.
1998 - Act No. 186 of August 7, 1998, provides for the gradual autonomy of regional schools as provided by the Board of Trustees, to lead to eleven autonomous units.
July 2010, the Middle States Commission on Higher Education placed the accreditation of the University on probation citing concerns about shortfalls in the governance of the institution. By the end of 2011, all 11 campuses had regained full accreditation after demonstrating significant progress in this area.
2017- The UPR's staff organized a strike in opposition to budget cuts proposed by the Financial Oversight and Management Board for Puerto Rico.
2021- In June the Financial Oversight and Management Board cut $94 million from the UPR budget which would have drastically affected the institutions ability to operate. The local government intervened and assigned the money necessary before the August semester commenced.
The campus radio station is called "WRTU Radio Universidad de Puerto Rico", and it was established in 1980. This is a public radio station with diverse musical and news programming. Its broadcasts both in FM and online.
UPR has the highest selectivity index of all colleges and universities in Puerto Rico,[citation needed] it has also maintained a systemwide admission rate of 67% since 1997.[citation needed] Its enrollment rate has surpassed 90% during the past five academic years.[full citation needed] In terms of tuition, the cost per credit is US$124 per undergraduate credit and $300 per graduate credit.[citation needed]
On August 24, 2020 the University announced ten investigations for preventing and mitigating the spread of Covid19 as part of $1.7 million the institution received from the local government.
According to the QS world ranking 2022 published in 2021, the University of Puerto Rico ranks number 40 in Latin America having dropped from 37 in 2020, but still higher than previous rankings of 42 in 2018 and 62 in 2015.
In 2020 the director of NASA grant consortium in Puerto Rico doctor Gerardo Moller, stated that 25% of the Hispanic employees hired by NASA are graduates of the UPR.
Research activity, measured in terms of external funds received, has grown exponentially since 1985, doubling every five years. In 2007-2008 the UPR received over $87 million for research.
Antonio Mignucci (PhD 1996), a biological oceanographer specializing in the management and conservation of marine mammals
William A. Navas, Jr. (BS 1965), the first Puerto Rican to be named an Assistant Secretary of the Navy
Heidelberg is a suburb of the southern New Zealand city of Invercargill. It is located to the southeast of the city centre.
The area was called Conyerstown by its first European owner, Thomas Agnew. He sold the land to settlers Joseph and Martin Metzger, who were both connected to Heidelberg in Germany.
Notable features of the predominantly residential suburb include Elizabeth Park, a secondary school (Aurora College), and one of the city's main marae, Murihiku Marae. The suburb is roughly bounded by Regent Street in the east, Pomona Street in the west, and Centre Street and Tramway Road in the north and south, respectively.
Muizz-ud-Din Muhammad Shah II, born Karim Khan, was a ruler of the Muzaffarid dynasty, who reigned over the Gujarat Sultanate from 1442 to 1451. He expanded and strengthened the Sultanate.
The river has rapids and is used for rafting. Timber was formerly rafted down it, but like the other short rivers in the region, it could not support a major sawmill industry at its mouth. In 1979 the river still had a salmon run, but numbers declined and in 1993 the river was included in a salmon action plan (SAP) under which fry were introduced from the Torne.
Naked & Warm is the fifth studio album by American soul singer-songwriter and producer Bill Withers, released in 1976 by Columbia Records.
He was born on 22 November 1902 in St. Albans, Vermont and received his education at Boston University. He is known for writing lyrics for such songs as "I'm Confessin' (That I Love You)" (with Doc Dougherty and Ellis Reynolds), "It's the Talk of the Town" and "Under a Blanket of Blue" (with Jerry Livingston and Marty Symes). He also ran his own publishing company. Neiburg died in New Haven, Connecticut, on 12 July 1978.
Hibbertia juncea is a species of flowering plant in the family Dilleniaceae and is endemic to the Northern Territory. It is a small shrub with leaves reduced to minute scales, and white to cream-coloured or pink flowers arranged in leaf axils with seven to ten stamens.
This species was first formally described in 1863 by George Bentham who gave it the name Pachynema junceum in Flora Australiensis. In 2009, James W. Horn changed the name to Hibbertia juncea in the International Journal of Plant Sciences.
This hibbertia grows in savanna and is widespread and common from the Victoria River to north-eastern Arnhem Land in the northern part of the Northern Territory.
Hibbertia juncea is classified as "least concern" under the Territory Parks and Wildlife Conservation Act 1976.
Jeremy Whitley is an American comic book writer and artist, known as the creator and writer of the Marvel Comics series The Unstoppable Wasp, centred on Nadia van Dyne, of the Eisner-nominated series Princeless, and as a major writer of IDW Publishing, especially the My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic comic franchise.
In 2011, Whitley created the comic series, Princeless, a series about a young black princess determined to break the norms of what a princess should be. According to Whitley, Princeless was conceived thus: 
Whitley currently lives with his wife Alicia and daughters Zuri and Amara in Raleigh, North Carolina.
Macclesfield continue to field Senior and Junior teams in the Hills Football League Division 2 competition.
Simon James Green (born 19 March 1970) is a former English cricketer.  Green was a right-handed batsman who bowled left-arm medium pace.  He was born in Bloxwich, Staffordshire.
Bonnet Peak is a massif consisting of three separate peaks. It is near the source of Johnston Creek although its southern and eastern slopes drain into the Cascade River. Named in 1890 due to its appearance with a cap of snow. It is located in the Sawback Range of Alberta.
In 2011, she became known for an exchange with Nicolas Bedos on the set of the show Au Field de la nuit.
In 2021, she portrayed Nadine Gires in The Serpent, a British TV drama which tells the story of the serial killer Charles Sobhraj.
On 21 October 2011, she became a student in audiovisual BTS and took part in the show  Au Field de la nuit , and took the floor to comment on the book that Nicolas Bedos promotes. The scathing exchange that followed was noticed during the broadcast on[clarification needed],
On 5 September 2016 she became a reporter for the  Le Petit Journal presented by Cyrille Eldin on Canal +, but left the show three weeks later. At the same time, she announced that she has given up television.
Abdullah Al-Eyaf works as an engineer for a living. He wrote a weekly column in Al-Riyadh newspaper 2007-2010. In 2007, he also co-established and edited a weekly cinema page for the Al-Watan newspaper.
Abdullah has been a jury member of many film festivals such as Gulf Film Festival and Abu Dhabi Film Festival.
Begum Jaan is a 2017 Indian Hindi period drama film. It is written and directed by National Film Award-winning director Srijit Mukherji and produced by Mukesh Bhatt, Vishesh Bhatt and Play Entertainment. The film is co-produced by Sakshi Bhatt and Shree Venkatesh Films with executive producer Kumkum Saigal. The cinematography is done by Gopi Bhagat. Lyrics, additional screenplay and dialogues have been penned by Kausar Munir and Rahat Indori.
The film was released on 14 April 2017. Vidya Balan plays the lead role of a brothel's madam, set in the backdrop of late Indian Independence period of 1948. It is a Hindi remake of the critically acclaimed Bengali film Rajkahini (2015). The film managed to recover its costs and was declared "Average".
As the movie ends, Ilyas and Hari are seen to be remorseful of their actions; Ilyas shoots himself and we are shown the remains of the brothel and the end to the Begum Jaan legacy.
This film is the remake of a Bengali film, Rajkahini, which was released in 2015. Principal photography of the film began in June 2016 and was completed in August 2016 in Ranishwar block of Dumka district in Jharkhand.
The first look of the movie introducing Vidya Balan as Begum Jaan was launched on 3 March 2017. The second poster of the movie was launched on 14 April 2017. The trailer of the movie was launched on 14 March 2017 to much critical and commercial acclaim. The trailer crossed 20 million views on Facebook and YouTube within a weeks time.
As of June 2020[update], the film holds a 10% approval rating on review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, based on ten reviews with an average rating of 3.86/10.
Harlem Blues is an album by trumpeter Donald Byrd featuring performances recorded in 1987 and released on the Landmark label the following year.
Mega Man Battle Network 2[a] is a video game developed by Capcom for the Game Boy Advance (GBA) handheld game console. It is the second game of the Mega Man Battle Network series. It was released in 2001 in Japan and 2002 in America and Europe. The story of the game starts after the events of Mega Man Network Transmission. It was released on the Wii U's Virtual Console in Japan on November 12, 2014 and in North America on January 8, 2015.
The general gameplay is essentially identical to that of the original Mega Man Battle Network game; indeed, the two games utilize a significant amount of the same graphics. However, Battle Network 2 introduces several new concepts that augment the original game-system.
In terms of health, Mega Man no longer heals fully and automatically after each battle. Furthermore, the game introduces the SubChip, a device similar in basic concept to a battle chip but one that can only be activated outside of battle.
Additionally, players may access NetSquares in the game. These places serve as a sort of Town Square for NetNavis and their operators to relax, buy supplies, and exchange information.
One final change was the replacement of the old armor system, which only affected damage received, with a style system that affects damage received, attack damage, physical appearance, among other benefits. During the course of the game MegaMan may take on one of five Styles (Guts, Team, Custom, Shield, and Hub), each of which will also be aligned with one of four elements (Heat, Wood, Elec, and Aqua). He can store up to two styles in his memory at once and change out when not battling.
Three months following the events of Mega Man Battle Network (two following Network Transmission; both game facts), the story opens with the world in a time of peace following the defeat of the organization known as the WWW. However, NetCrime, as perpetrated by a NetMafia organization known as Gospel, is on the rise. Once again Lan Hikari (known as Netto Hikari  in the Japanese version) and his NetNavi MegaMan become involved and work to defeat Gospel's plot to destroy society.
During the final battle it is revealed that the leader of Gospel is Sean Obihiro, a child who felt neglected by and resentful of society after his parents died in a plane crash. After defeating the Multi-bug Organism Gospel, Lan promises to be the boy's friend after he has paid for his crimes. After the credits, Bass is seen destroying copies of himself, and shows anger toward the human that made them (implying to Sean). He swears he'll exact his revenge on the humans and then disappears.
Mega Man Battle Network 2 sold 124,349 units in Japan during 2001 and has been listed by Dengeki Online as the 91st best-selling video game in the region for that year. Famitsu sales data showed that the game was the 30th best-selling game of 2002 with a total of 344,230 units sold by the end of year. The magazine showed a total of 446,938 units sold in the country at that point.
Battle Network 2 was a runner-up for GameSpot's annual "Best Role-Playing Game on Game Boy Advance" award, which went to Tactics Ogre: The Knight of Lodis.
The 17th Hong Kong Film Awards ceremony, honored the best films of 1997 and took place on 26 April 1998 at Hong Kong Academy for Performing Arts, Wan Chai, Hong Kong. The ceremony was hosted by Carol Cheng and Cheung Tat Ming, during the ceremony awards are presented in 17 categories.
The NHS Gender Identity Development Service (GIDS) is a nationally operated health clinic specialising in working with children with gender identity issues, including gender dysphoria. Although based at a Tavistock and Portman NHS Foundation Trust site, it is commissioned by NHS England and takes referrals from across the United Kingdom. It is the only gender identity clinic for people under 18 in the UK and is the subject of much controversy.
Child and Adolescent Mental Health Services (CAMHS) provides the NHS support for children with mental health issues. However, CAMHS is organised by local government area and thus coverage varies significantly. The development of CAMHS within a four-tiered framework started in 1995. In 2000 the NHS Plan Implementation Programme required health and local authorities to jointly produce a local CAMHS strategy.
GIDS takes referrals from all mental health care professionals, especially Tier 2 and 3 CAMHS specialists. GIDS is distinct from CAMHS as is it is nationally run, not by the local authority. However, in the CAMHS framework it sits in Tier 4, as a highly specialised service.[citation needed]
In 2011, the GIDS started introducing the puberty blocker drug in the "early stages of puberty" because of pressure from people who felt they needed to travel to America and to Holland to obtain the drug.
In 2016, the clinic was the subject of a Channel 4 documentary programme, told from the point of view of two satisfied trans children and their families.
In July 2019, the Tavistock Centre was flooded which temporarily affected the IT servers at the clinic.
In October 2019, a lawsuit was launched against GIDS by a mother of a patient at GIDS and Sue Evans, a nurse who formerly worked there. Later, Evans passed their role as complainant to Keira Bell, a previous service user. In December 2020 following the High Court judgement, GIDS suspended all new referrals to endocrinology. The Court granted a stay on further implementation of the judgement until 22 December 2020 or until appeals are exhausted.
In December 2020 Dr Bell, a former governor of the Trust who was elected by the medical staff, and who had produced in February 2019 a damning report on the methods of the GIDS, reported that he now faced "disciplinary action" from the Trust.
Children who present may identify with a number of different labels, including non-binary, transgender, genderqueer, questioning or otherwise as simply dysphoric or gender non-conforming. GIDS say that the way children identify is changing, which may be due to cultural and societal shifts.
As the only gender identity clinic for children in the UK, the service has been the subject of much controversy related to the broader topic of gender dysphoria and transitioning in childhood.
Conversely, there is a long wait time for a first appointment at GIDS, averaging at two years as of January 2020. GIDS blame high referral numbers and low staff numbers for this wait time.
In September 2021, the Court of Appeal overturned the judgment of the High Court and once again allowed people under 16 to consent to receiving puberty blockers.  
In July 2020, it was reported that Sonia Appleby, the "Named Professional for Safeguarding Children" at the gender identity clinic, had been in dispute with her employers since November 2019.
Academics Judith Suissa and Alice Sullivan listed her alongside Allison Bailey, Maya Forstater, and J. K. Rowling as women who have experienced campaigns of harassment because they speak publicly on sex and gender identity.
Michaeli studied for a year in a local university with a major in humanities. She holds a Master's degree in electrical engineering and communications from the Saint Petersburg University of Telecommunications. During her studies she was chosen as Miss St. Petersburg in 1995. She took a year off of her university studies to live in Paris, where she worked as a model.
She met Josef Samuelson, an Israeli businessman of Latvian-Jewish background. He was born in Riga, Latvia and immigrated to Israel in 1971 at the age of 11. He is 10 years her senior. They married in 1997.
Michaeli wed her husband twice. Having no Jewish background of her own, Michaeli converted to Judaism and the couple remarried according to Halakha. In Israel, after the birth of her second son, she underwent an Orthodox Jewish conversion, culminating with the couple's remarriage, this time according to strictly religious rites, in 2000.
After studying in an ulpan, Michaeli graduated from Bar-Ilan University with a diploma in business administration.
Michaeli, after having had an Orthodox conversion, keeps a kosher home and has enrolled her children in state religious schools. Michaeli adheres to a Zionist philosophy within her family as well as in her career, stating "Judaism is at the basis of why we have this country to begin with. It's not just a religion." She lives in Rishon LeZion with her husband and their eight children. Her eighth child was born during her parliamentary term.
Her media career began in 1998. In 2002 she joined the new Israel Plus Russian-language television station, where she worked as a journalist and presenter of Life's Pleasures, and the daily Morning program.
In 2005, Michaeli joined Ariel Sharon's Kadima party towards the 2006 elections but it failed to win enough votes to secure her a Knesset seat.
In December 2008, Michaeli accepted Avigdor Lieberman's offer to join his Yisrael Beiteinu party. She was placed ninth on its list for the 2009 elections. Michaeli became a member of the 18th Knesset when the party won 15 seats.
Michaeli was reprimanded by the Knesset Ethics Committee for attempting to physically disturb Israeli-Arab MK Hanin Zuabi while Zuabi was delivering a speech about the 2010 Gaza flotilla raid. The Ethics Committee statement read, "The committee could not find a precedent in which an MK attempts to physically disturb another MK's speech by taking the stand without permission. A line was crossed that cannot be ignored."
Litobrancha is a genus of common burrower mayflies in the family Ephemeridae. There is at least one described species in Litobrancha, L. recurvata.
The Pabst Hotel occupied the north side of 42nd Street in Manhattan, New York City, between 7th Avenue and Broadway, in Longacre Square, from 1899 to 1902. It was demolished to make room for the new headquarters of The New York Times, for which Longacre Square was renamed Times Square.
To the Pabst Brewing Company, the hotel and its restaurants were part of a nationwide program for promoting its beer. This facility, however, conflicted not only with the Times, but also with plans for New York's new subway system.
Some people questioned the Times' motive for singling out this one violation, when there were so many others.
After many delays, a judge decided against the hotel on November 18, 1901. The portico, he ordered in strong words, must be removed, by the city if necessary, at the hotel's expense. Regan and Thorley appealed, and the Times reported that although city officials could lawfully have acted on the order at once, they chose to delay, pending the outcome.
Regan at the time was proprietor of the Woodmansten Inn, the Bronx, and arranged to become proprietor of the grand Knickerbocker Hotel, planned for the southeast corner of 42nd Street and Broadway.
On September 24, 1902, the Pabst Brewing Company filed suit in federal court to recover damages from Thorley.
On August 4, 1902, The New York Times announced that it would give up its long-time home on Park Row near City Hall and move to a neighborhood it predicted would soon be the commercial center of the city: Longacre Square. Its publisher, Adolph S. Ochs, had purchased the former Eno ground from the Subway Realty Company and obtained a long-term lease from Charles Thorley on the ground under the Pabst. The company would build a skyscraper on the triangular block for its own occupancy.
Demolition of the hotel began November 24, 1902. It was the first building completely supported by a steel skeleton ever demolished. The Times reported that professional builders were keen to discover whether the structural members had begun to corrode, which might threaten the structural integrity of the building and the future of the construction method, but nothing alarming was discovered.
On April 8, 1904, Longacre Square was renamed Times Square. The subway, including the Times Square station, opened to the public on October 27. The newspaper moved into its new building Sunday, January 1, 1905,[note 7] although the building wasn't quite complete.
Adam Brooks (born May 6, 1996) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre for the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has previously played for the Toronto Maple Leafs.
While playing AAA hockey for the Winnipeg Hawks, both Brooks and his older brother Brett attended West Kildonan Collegiate. Brooks ended the season being named AAA Impact Player of the Year and MVP.
On January 22, 2021, Brooks scored his first NHL goal with the Maple Leafs on Mikko Koskinen of the Edmonton Oilers.
WBNO-FM (100.9 FM) is a radio station licensed to Bryan, Ohio, United States.  The station is currently owned by Impact Radio, LLC.  WBNO-FM broadcasts a classic rock music format, switching from adult contemporary during the summer of 2013.
WBNO had carried the Classic Hits format from Dial Global until that format was discontinued on June 17, 2012.
Scott Merrick (born 1985) is a Democratic Party former member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives, representing the 2nd Coos District starting  in 2004. He resides in Lancaster. While serving in the legislature, he also received his degree from Tufts University.
Merrick was named a rising star, as one of New Hampshire's "Forty under Forty" by the New Hampshire Union Leader in 2009.
Joseph Heathcote (born January 1878) was an English footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Ardwick, Manchester. He played for Berry's Association and Manchester United.
This biographical article related to association football in England, about a forward born in the 1870s, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
In:  Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Out:  Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
In:  Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Out:  Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Euxesta albitarsis is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Euxesta of the family Tephritidae.
This article related to members of the insect genus Euxesta is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Paul Stewart (born 28 October 1956) is a Scottish-American former professional basketball player and a former member of the Scottish national basketball team.
Stewart was born in Glasgow to Scottish parents but moved to Canada shortly later. When he was 7 years old, his family moved again, this time to San Diego in California. He played college basketball for Santa Ana College and Cal State LA.
After graduating, Stewart had a tryout with the Portland Trail Blazers. After failing to get a contract with the Blazers, he signed with USC Freiburg in West Germany.
In 1979, Stewart was selected to the Scottish national basketball team. On 30 April 1982, Stewart had 26 points and 18 rebounds in a 77-64 victory against Iceland in the EuroBasket 1983 qualification.
The Col. William Kelly House is a historic house located at 36 Tudor Place in Buffalo, New York, United States.
It is a Colonial Revival style brick dwelling constructed in 1937. It has a modified square plan with a three bay front featuring a pedimented center entrance with a finely detailed Adamesque surround and engaged Doric order columns.
This article about a Registered Historic Place in Buffalo, New York is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article related to a building or structure in Buffalo, New York is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
At that time, the P/B ratio of rubber prices in stock market got the peak as 10-20 times; also it was common to see the premium prices got increasing as eight to nine times.
Since Fengrun and Yishanyuan were huge banks and their sub-agents were all over the China, their bankrupts led to a panic among people in Beijing, Guangzhou, Chongqing and other main cities.
In the earlier 1910, Shanghai totally had 91 native banks. Due to the influence of this crisis, 48 of them (53%) went bankrupt, with a loss of 19.33 million Tael. After this crisis, most rubber companies still kept their business, but the reputation had been ruined. Although they still attempted to find some solutions to attract stock-holders, the price of most rubber companies in the stock market had fallen under their face value.
In Zhejiang Province, 18 famous native banks closed in Nanjing, Zhenjiang, Yangzhou, Suzhou, Hangzhou and Ningbo. Except for Suzhou, the other five cities' all financial organizations suffered a destructive attack and bankrupted completely.
Due to this crisis, the international rubber prices fell down below 5 shillings. After the outbreak of World War, rubber market was influenced by the shortage and problems of transportation, which led to a lower price of rubber. This situation bogged down until the late 1922.
After the rubber crisis the Qing government introduced legislation that taxed speculative profits at a rate of more than fifty percent, leading to the further bankruptcy of two dozen banks in Shanghai.
During the War of Spanish Succession, he switched sides from the Bourbon to the Habsburg party in 1705.
This article about a property in Switzerland County, Indiana on the National Register of Historic Places is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Studio One Forever is an upcoming documentary film by Marc Saltarelli about Studio One, an LGBT nightclub in West Hollywood, California. The film was initially scheduled to release in the United States in 2020, but it faced production delays and funding shortages due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
This article about a documentary film with a lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender theme is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This list of fictional ships lists artificial vehicles supported by water, which are either the subject of, or an important element of, a notable work of fiction.
Frank Wilfred Jordan was born on 6 October 1881 in Canterbury, Kent, England, the son of Edward James Jordan and Eliza Edith King. He married Fanny Bentley Wood, a florist, in Canterbury, when based in Newhaven as a soldier on 7 December 1916. He died on 12 January 1941 in Coltham, Gretton Road, Winchcomb, Gloucestershire, England, aged 59.
This flip-flop circuit became perhaps the most important circuits in computer technology,[citation needed] allowing binary data to be stored.
Over the course of his career, Olmos has been a pioneer for more diversified roles and images of Hispanics in the U.S. media.[citation needed] His notable direction, production, and starring roles for films, made-for-TV movies, and TV shows include Wolfen, Triumph of the Spirit, Talent for the Game, American Me, The Burning Season, My Family/Mi Familia, Caught, 12 Angry Men, The Disappearance of Garcia Lorca, Walkout, The Wonderful Ice Cream Suit, American Family, and Dexter.
In 2006, he co-produced, directed, and played the bit part of Julian Nava in the HBO movie about the 1968 Chicano Blowouts, Walkout. He also appeared in Snoop Dogg's music video "Vato". In the series finale of the ABC sitcom George Lopez, titled "George Decides to Sta-Local Where It's Familia"; he guest-starred as the plant's new multi-millionaire owner. More recently, he has been a spokesperson for Farmers Insurance Group, starring in their Spanish language commercials.
Olmos joined the cast of the television series Dexter for its sixth season, as a "brilliant, charismatic professor of religious studies".
Olmos starred in the second season of Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. as Robert Gonzales, the leader of a rival faction of S.H.I.E.L.D., for five episodes.
Olmos narrated the 1999 documentary film Zapatista, in support of the Zapatista Army of National Liberation, a revolutionary group that has abstained from using their weapons since 1994. He also gave $2,300 to New Mexico governor Bill Richardson for his presidential campaign (the maximum amount for the primaries).
He is also a supporter of SENS Research Foundation, a nonprofit organization dedicated to treating and curing diseases of aging by repairing the underlying damage caused by aging. A series of animations explaining the concept of SENS has been narrated by him.
From 1979 to 1987, Olmos lived in West New York, New Jersey. In 1971, he married Kaija Keel, the daughter of actor Howard Keel. They had two children, Bodie and Mico, before divorcing in 1992. Olmos has four adopted children: Daniela, Michael, Brandon, and Tamiko. He married actress Lorraine Bracco in 1994. She filed for divorce in January 2002 after five years of separation. Olmos also had a long-term relationship with actress Lymari Nadal. They married in 2002, and separated in 2013.
In 1993, Olmos was awarded an honorary Doctor of Humane Letters (L.H.D.) degree from Whittier College.
In 1996, he was awarded an honorary Doctorate of Fine Arts from California State University, Fresno. In 2007, after a seven-year process, he obtained Mexican nationality. Asteroid 5608 Olmos is named in his honor.
In 1992, a teenage girl accused Olmos of twice touching her in a sexual manner while they watched TV and flirted together.  Olmos paid the family a cash settlement of $150,000 in response to the allegations, but denied that they were true.  He claimed that the settlement was in fact meant to protect his son, Bodie Olmos, not him.
Vidyanagar is a Locality of Hyderabad, Telangana, India. It formed Ward No. 86 of Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation.
Vidyanagar has a large number of shopping areas. Local buildings of note include Durgabai Deshmukh Hospital, Andhra Mahila Sabha, and Maharaja Function Hall.
Shopping outlets in the area include Spencer's, Reliance, Bata, Titan, Airtel, Vodafone, Reliance Digital, and an Idea showroom.
Local schools in the area include Sri Aurobindo International School, Chaitanya Residential School, and The Mothers Integral School.
The main bus route connecting the city is the 107 Dilsukhnagar to Secunderabad, route 3, which connects to Koti, Tarnaka, Moulali, Nacharam, and Habsiguda, 6H from Ecil to Mehdipatnam, 113I/M from Uppal to Mehdipatnam, 113Y from Uppal to Yosufguda.
Hahncappsia alpinensis is a moth in the family Crambidae. It was described by Hahn William Capps in 1967. It is found in North America, where it has been recorded from Arizona, New Mexico and Texas.
The Cowboy Cavalier is a 1928 American silent Western film directed by Richard Thorpe and starring Buddy Roosevelt, Olive Hasbrouck and Charles K. French.
The contraction ratio of a windtunnel can now be calculated by:     C =    A  s e t t l    A  m       {\displaystyle C={\frac {A_{settl}}{A_{m}}}}  
In a return-flow wind tunnel the return duct must be properly designed to reduce the pressure losses and to ensure smooth flow in the test section. The compressible flow regime: Again with the continuity law, but now for isentropic flow gives:
Conclusion: The Mach number is controlled by the expansion ratio       A  A  t h r o a t       {\displaystyle {\frac {A}{A_{throat}}}}  
Tony Zupo Field, originally known as Lawrence Park, is a stadium in Lodi, California.  It was primarily used for baseball and was the home of various versions of the Lodi Crushers, first in the California League from 1966 to 1969 and again in 1984 and later the collegiate wood bat Great West League in 2016.   The ballpark has a capacity of 3,000 people.
On September 23, 2019, the main grandstands and press box of Tony Zupo Field were destroyed in a fire.  At the time, the damage was extensive, but the city and community were in hope of getting the destroyed area demolished and rebuilt in time for baseball season.  
This article related to a location in Belagavi district, Karnataka, India is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Walsh v Kerr  1 NZLR 490 is a cited case in New Zealand regarding the remedy of damages for breach of contract.
Miles Davis Quintet: Freedom Jazz Dance: The Bootleg Series, Vol. 5 is a 3-CD compilation that collects studio recordings by jazz trumpeter Miles Davis that were recorded between 1966 and 1968. The album contains remastered versions, alternate takes, and conversations among the musicians.
Davis recorded this music with what is sometimes called his second great quintet: Wayne Shorter on saxophone, Herbie Hancock on piano, Ron Carter on bass, and Tony Williams on drums. Most of the music was recorded for the album Miles Smiles at the 30th Street Studio, a former church in New York City, in 1966.
Selwyn Jalil Lymon (born September 21, 1986) is a former American football wide receiver. He was signed by the Miami Dolphins as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Purdue.
As a high school athlete, Lymon excelled in two sports.  His ability in football enabled him to sign a scholarship to play at Purdue.  In basketball, his excellence led to Lymon being named a recipient of the Tiffany Gooden Award, given annually to the most outstanding male or female basketball player in the SAC.
Box Office Bust features Larry Lovage, the main character of Leisure Suit Larry: Magna Cum Laude, whose uncle Larry, the original Larry Laffer calls upon his assistance at his movie studio (Laffer Studios), doing odd jobs and trying to uncover a mole from a rival studio who is attempting to sabotage Laffer Studios.
The storyline was written by Allen Covert of Happy Madison Productions, and the voiceover cast includes Josh Keaton as Larry Lovage, Jeffrey Tambor as Larry Laffer, Jay Mohr, Patrick Warburton, Shannon Elizabeth and Carmen Electra. Artie Lange and Dave Attell were also featured as voice characters.
Artie Lange, who voiced Big Al, said he was paid $30,000 for his 1.5-hour studio session. He has also stated that this installment has a higher budget than all the predecessors.[citation needed]
Leisure Suit Larry: Box Office Bust was met with negative reviews. Aggregating review websites GameRankings and Metacritic gave the Xbox 360 version 26.08% and 25/100, the PC version 20.22% and 20/100 and the PlayStation 3 version 16.00% and 17/100.
GameTrailers gave the game a 2.3 out of 10, making it the lowest rated game on the website; it also described the game as "A horrible joke in and of itself, if you buy Leisure Suit Larry: Box Office Bust the joke will be on you.  We can think of a good number of other uses for your two hands; and we're using ours to give this stinker two thumbs way down."
Official Xbox Magazine (UK) gave the game a 1 out of 10, calling it an "astroturd" of a game. They also stated it was their worst rated game of the year so far, as well as going as far to say that it was the worst game on the Xbox 360 console thus far.
Al Lowe thanked Vivendi Games on his website for keeping him away from what he called "the latest disaster".
In PlayStation: The Official Magazine's September 2009 issue, they joked about punishing a PlayStation 3 owner's dog by making it play the Leisure Suit Larry game. The dog had urinated on his owner's PlayStation 3, which surprisingly still works.[citation needed]
GameSpot nominated the game for "Flat Out Worst Game of the Year" in 2009. It "lost" to Stalin vs. Martians.
Giant Bomb gave the game the Worst Game of the Year Award in 2009. Australian television show Good Game "honored" it as the Worst Game of 2009.
Screwattack.com gave the game a SAGY award for the Worst Multiconsole game of 2009. Similarly, GamesRadar gave Leisure Suit Larry: Box Office Bust the title of the 28th worst game of all time.
On 5 June 1965 he was the driver in charge of a relief train when at about seven miles from Crewe the fire suddenly blew back from the firebox of a BR Standard Class 7 steam locomotive No. 70051 Firth Of Forth, filling the cab with smoke and flames. Fireman Gwilym Roberts managed to climb out of the cab window and extinguish his clothing by rubbing against the plating, but Oakes stayed at the footplate to close the regulator, open the blower, and apply the brake.
Roberts found his mate lying on the embankment next to the train, badly burned, but evidently having remained in the cab until the train stopped. Oakes suffered burns to approximately 80% of his body. The pain was such that he had to be suspended above his hospital bed and given large doses of morphine. A week after the accident, he died from his injuries.
Oakes was buried in an unmarked grave in St Matthew's Church, Haslington, Cheshire. On 1 February 2018, a headstone was dedicated. It had been paid for by a group of railwaymen and donors to an appeal launched by Heritage Railway magazine.
For his gallantry in ensuring the safety of his passengers, Oakes was posthumously awarded the George Cross on 19 October 1965.
On 19 February 1981, Class 86 electric locomotive no. 86260 was named Driver Wallace Oakes GC. A memorial plaque in the offices above Crewe station reads:
WHO THROUGH DEVOTION TO DUTY RECEIVED FATAL BURNS AT WINSFORD WHILST WORKING THE 2/5 PM EXPRESS CREWE TO CARLISLE ENGINE No 70051 DATE 5th JUNE 1965 FROM HIS FELLOW WORKMATES CREWE MOTIVE POWER DEPT.
It is situated in Mookambika National Park, close to the Kodachadri hilltop. The surrounding forest and hills are typical of the tropical rain forest seen along India's Western Ghats.
Kattinahole is surrounded by Sagar Taluk to the North, Thirthahalli taluk to the South, Hosanagara Taluk to the East, and Byndoor Taluk to the West.
Local colleges are Sharavathi First Grade College, Sagar Gangotri College Of Law, Sahyadri Science College, Shravathi Dental College And Hospital and National Evening College Of Commerce.
Talaguppa Railway Station (near to Sagar), Sagar Jambagaru Railway Station (near to Sagar), Shimoga Railway Station (near to Shimoga) are the closest railway stations.
This article related to a location in Shimoga district, Karnataka, India is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The 1998 Christchurch mayoral election was part of the New Zealand local elections of that year. Garry Moore of the centre-left Christchurch 2021 ticket was elected over thirteen other candidates, and replaced Vicki Buck as Mayor. 
International Kissing Day or World Kiss Day is an official holiday celebrated each year on July 6. The practice originated in the United Kingdom, and was adopted worldwide in the early 2000s.
Another date, February 13, has also been identified as the International Kiss Day, falling in the week of Valentine's Day.
The concept behind the International Kissing Day is that many people may have forgotten the simple pleasures associated with kissing for kissing's sake, as opposed to kissing as mere social formality or prelude to other activities.
The PIC was originally conceived to solve problems in fluid dynamics, and developed by Harlow at Los Alamos National Laboratory in 1957. One of the first PIC codes was the Fluid-Implicit Particle (FLIP) program, which was created by Brackbill in 1986 and has been constantly in development ever since. Until the 1990s, the PIC method was used principally in fluid dynamics.
Motivated by the need for better simulating penetration problems in solid dynamics, Sulsky, Chen and Schreyer started in 1993 to reformulate the PIC and develop the MPM, with funding from Sandia National Laboratories. The original MPM was then further extended by Bardenhagen et al.. to include frictional contact, which enabled the simulation of granular flow, and by Nairn to include explicit cracks and crack propagation (known as CRAMP).
Recently, an MPM implementation based on a micro-polar Cosserat continuum has been used to simulate high-shear granular flow, such as silo discharge. MPM's uses were further extended into Geotechnical engineering with the recent development of a quasi-static, implicit MPM solver which provides numerically stable analyses of large-deformation problems in Soil mechanics.
Annual workshops on the use of MPM are held at various locations in the United States. The Fifth MPM Workshop was held at Oregon State University, in Corvallis, OR, on April 2 and 3, 2009.
The uses of the PIC or MPM method can be divided into two broad categories: firstly, there are many applications involving fluid dynamics, plasma physics, magnetohydrodynamics, and multiphase applications. The second category of applications comprises problems in solid mechanics.
The PIC method has been used to simulate a wide range of fluid-solid interactions, including sea ice dynamics, penetration of biological soft tissues, fragmentation of gas-filled canisters, dispersion of atmospheric pollutants, multiscale simulations coupling molecular dynamics with MPM, and fluid-membrane interactions. In addition, the PIC-based FLIP code has been applied in magnetohydrodynamics and plasma processing tools, and simulations in astrophysics and free-surface flow.
As a result of a joint effort between UCLA's mathematics department and Walt Disney Animation Studios, MPM was successfully used to simulate snow in the 2013 computer-animated film Frozen.
PIC methods may be based on either the strong form collocation or a weak form discretisation of the underlying partial differential equation (PDE). Those based on the strong form are properly referred to as finite-volume PIC methods. Those based on the weak form discretisation of PDEs may be called either PIC or MPM.
MPM solvers can model problems in one, two, or three spatial dimensions, and can also model axisymmetric problems. MPM can be implemented to solve either quasi-static or dynamic equations of motion, depending on the type of problem that is to be modeled. Several versions of MPM include Generalized Interpolation Material Point Method ;Convected Particle Domain Interpolation Method; Convected Particle Least Squares Interpolation Method.
The time-integration used for MPM may be either explicit or implicit. The advantage to implicit integration is guaranteed stability, even for large timesteps. On the other hand, explicit integration runs much faster and is easier to implement.
Unlike FEM, MPM does not require periodical remeshing steps and remapping of state variables, and is therefore better suited to the modeling of large material deformations. In MPM, particles and not the mesh points store all the information on the state of the calculation. Therefore, no numerical error results from the mesh returning to its original position after each calculation cycle, and no remeshing algorithm is required.
The particle basis of MPM allows it to treat crack propagation and other discontinuities better than FEM, which is known to impose the mesh orientation on crack propagation in a material. Also, particle methods are better at handling history-dependent constitutive models.
In simulations with two or more phases it is rather easy to detect contact between entities, as particles can interact via the grid with other particles in the same body, with other solid bodies, and with fluids.
Steve Irwin's Wildlife Warriors is an Australian factual television series. It aired on Network Ten on 6 October 2012. It stars Bindi Irwin, Terri Irwin, and Robert C. Irwin. The show is a tribute to Steve Irwin.
This article about a television show originating in Australia is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The 1994 1. divisjon, Norway's second-tier football league, began play on 1 May 1994 and ended on 2 October 1994. The league was contested by 24 teams, divided in two groups. Due to an expansion from 12 to 14 teams in Tippeligaen, the top two teams of each group won promotion to Tippeligaen and the bottom two teams were relegated to the 2. divisjon. This was the first season the two groups were named with numbers instead of letters.
Jonathan Scott Crispin (born January 19, 1981) is a former American basketball player for the Penn State Nittany Lions and UCLA Bruins.
Crispin attended his hometown Pitman High School from 1995 to 1999. He became a four-year starter on the varsity basketball team, two of which were alongside his older brother Joe. As a senior, he earned an "All-Group All-State" second-team honor. For three straight years he earned Group I All-State honors. During his prep basketball career, Crispin led the Panthers to two conference titles, two South Jersey crowns and two Group I NJ State Championships (1997 & 1998).
As a junior in 1998, Jon scored a school-record 62 points (21-35 FG, 12-19 threes) in a South Jersey Group I playoff game versus Penns Grove High School. He eventually ended his prep career as fourth on Gloucester County's all-time scoring charts after collecting 2,319 points. His brother Joe finished top in Gloucester County history after having scored 2,651 points.
Jon was a multi-sport star, also having lettered twice in baseball and three times in football. He was All-Tri-County Conference in football twice and once in baseball. Jon received multiple high-major Division I offers for football and garnered significant attention from MLB scouts as a pitcher.
After college, Jon spent two years playing professional basketball overseas (in Spain and Ireland), as well as in the ABA in the States. During and following his professional playing career, Jon was  filmed in numerous television commercials including Ruby Tuesday's, Nike, and Coca-Cola, as well as modeled for print advertisements.
When he resided in Los Angeles, California, Jon began his broadcasting career working for Fox Sports Radio, Fox Sports, Time Warner SportsNet, the Big Ten Network, and ESPN as a radio show host, college basketball analyst, and in-game color commentator. Jon is currently the lead basketball analyst and color commentator for the Big Ten Network in Chicago, Illinois.
Mushroom Alley is a clone of Atari, Inc.'s Centipede arcade game developed by Victory Software and published by Mogul Communications for the VIC-20 and Commodore 64 1983. A ZX Spectrum port followed in 1984.
Richard III is a biography of said King of England by American historian Paul Murray Kendall. The book, published in 1955, has remained the standard popular work on the controversial monarch.
"The most powerful indictment of Richard is the plain and massive fact that the princes disappeared from view after he assumed the throne, and were never reported to have been seen alive.  This fact ... weighs heavily against the indications of his innocence.... only positive evidence that someone murdered the princes will tell against this indictment."
The work was critically very well received and was a runner-up for the National Book Award in 1956, also picked one of the best books of the year by the American Library Association.
In the Chicago Tribune, A. L. Rowse called it "The best biography of Richard III that has been written.", whereas Saturday Review's Geoffrey Bruun opined: "A definitive biography of Richard III. It is a noteworthy performance." The Times Literary Supplement wrote: "Brilliantly successful... combines sound scholarship with literary distinction... his descriptions... are always stimulating and sometimes beautiful."[citation needed]
Indian National Defence Workers Federation is a trade union in India, affiliated to the Indian National Trade Union Congress, that organizes civilian workers in factories and other establishments under the Ministry of Defence.
INDWF opposes privatization of Defence units and ordnance factories. Sri. Ashok Singh is the president and Sri. R. Srinivasan is the General Secretary of INDWF
The Last Unicorn is a 1982 soundtrack album composed and arranged by Jimmy Webb and performed by America with the London Symphony Orchestra. The album contains the film score for the 1982 film The Last Unicorn, which was based on a novel by Peter S. Beagle. America did get some airplay, especially in Germany where the song was a top 100 hit for seven weeks peaking at number 38.
The title song is performed jointly by America and the London Symphony Orchestra, and plays in the film's opening credits while scenes based on The Hunt of the Unicorn tapestries form a backdrop. It is referred to later as a leitmotif by the film score.
Kyle Anderson of the website Nerdist wrote that Jimmy Webb and America were among the "many great people [who] were involved" with the 1982 film, and that the album's "songs work pretty well".
Black powder (or gun powder) was invented by China during the 9th century; these inventions were later transmitted to the Middle East and Europe. The direct ancestor of the firearm is the fire lance. The prototype of the fire lance was invented in China during the 10th century and is the predecessor of all firearms.
The musket first appeared in the Ottoman Empire by 1465. In 1598, Chinese writer Zhao Shizhen described Turkish muskets as being superior to European muskets. The Chinese military book Wu Pei Chih (1621) later described Turkish muskets that used a rack-and-pinion mechanism, which was not known to have been used in European or Chinese firearms at the time.
During the early modern age, these hand-held cannons evolved into the match lock, wheel lock, dog lock, and flintlock rifle, respectively, then the breech loader and finally the automatic weapon. As ignition devices, matchlocks, wheellocks, snaplock, flintlocks and percussion caps were used in turn. The paper cartridge was introduced sometime before 1586, and the bayonet came to use in 16th century France. Hand grenades, thrown by grenadiers, appeared around the same time.
Early cartridge firearms had to be cocked and caught by the "sear", which holds the hammer back, before each shot. Pulling the trigger allows the hammer or striker to fly forward, striking the "firing pin," which then strikes the "primer," igniting an impact-sensitive chemical compound (historically, first fulminate of mercury, then potassium chlorate, now lead styphnate) which shoots a flame through the "flash hole" into the cartridge's propellant chamber, igniting the propellant.
The first successful rapid-fire firearm is the Gatling gun, invented by Richard Jordan Gatling and fielded by the Union forces during the American Civil War in the 1860s. It is operated by a hand crank and rotates multiple barrels. The Gatling gun needs a four-man crew to function, has had many upgrades since its introduction, and has seen use in many conflicts.
The battle rifle was a post-World War II development pushed primarily by the United States that desired a select-fire rifle that retained the long range of the M1 Garand (the US service rifle during World War II and the Korean War). Influenced by the US, NATO members adopted battle rifles of their own. In practice, the powerful cartridge of the battle rifle proved to be difficult to control during fully automatic fire and the concept was not further developed.
During World War II, the term assault rifle was coined. However, during the Vietnam era, the M16 was developed. The AK-47 or "Kalashnikov" became the most widely developed rifle for countries on a global scale.
"Far Side of Crazy" is a song by the new wave group Wall of Voodoo from their album Seven Days in Sammystown. It was released as the album's lead single in late 1985, with an accompanying music video combining black and white and full color footage. The song was also featured in the 1985 movie Head Office.
The single failed to chart in all territories except Australia, where it reached #23 in June 1986 and stayed in the Top 100 for 21 weeks.
Norwood is an unincorporated community in Township 13, Benton County, Arkansas, United States. It is located is south Benton County near the Washington County line on Arkansas Highway 16. The community had a school which is now closed and listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
This article about a location in Benton County, Arkansas is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
From 2011 to 2013, Cuthbert starred as Alex Kerkovich in the three seasons of the ABC comedy Happy Endings. From 2016 to 2020, she had a recurring role as Abby Phillips on the Netflix series The Ranch, before becoming a main cast member in the series' second season. She received praise for her performance on the Canadian comedy series Jann (2020), being nominated for the Canadian Screen Awards for Best Performance in a guest role.
Cuthbert is considered a sex symbol and has appeared in numerous magazines, such as Maxim, Complex, and FHM. In 2013, Maxim magazine named her "TV's most beautiful woman".
Elisha Ann Cuthbert was born in Calgary, Alberta, the daughter of Patricia, a housewife, and Kevin, an automotive design engineer. She grew up in Greenfield Park, Quebec. In 2000, she graduated from Centennial Regional High School and moved to Los Angeles at the age of 17. As a child, she participated in Girl Guide programs as a member of Girl Guides of Canada.
When she was nine, Cuthbert started modelling children's clothing and also became a foot model. She made her first televised appearance as an extra in the horror-themed series for children, Are You Afraid of the Dark?; she later became a regular on the show. Cuthbert co-hosted Popular Mechanics for Kids with Jay Baruchel, filmed in Montreal. Her reporting captured the attention of Hillary Clinton, who invited her to the White House.
Cuthbert landed a role in a feature film in the family drama Dancing on the Moon (1997). She appeared in other Canadian family films and in an airplane thriller, Airspeed. In 2000, Cuthbert co-starred in Believe, a Canadian film with Ricky Mabe. The following year she starred in the Canadian television movie, Lucky Girl, and was awarded a Gemini Award for her performance.
Soon after moving to Hollywood she was cast as Kim Bauer, daughter of federal agent Jack Bauer in the television series 24. She appeared in the show's first three seasons, but not in its fourth; she guest-starred in two episodes in the fifth season. She also reprised her role as Kim Bauer in 24: The Game and again guest-starred in five episodes of the seventh season and in two episodes of the eighth season.
Cuthbert appeared in the music video for Weezer's "Perfect Situation" in early 2006, playing the group's fictional original singer who threw a tantrum that led to Rivers Cuomo, the roadie, becoming the band's frontman. She also had a small role in Paris Hilton's music video for the song "Nothing in This World".
In December 2009, ABC said Cuthbert had joined the cast of The Forgotten in a recurring role as Maxine Denver, a Chicago professional. It was expected for Cuthbert to play the role of Trixie in sports action- comedy film Speed Racer (2008), but Christina Ricci was eventually chosen.
In 2012, Cuthbert was host of the American Music Awards. In October 2012, she appeared in The Gaslight Anthem's music video "Here Comes My Man", playing the girlfriend of a man who mistreats her until she imagines a romantic relationship with a character in a film and chooses to end her real relationship.
In February 2014, Cuthbert signed to play the female lead role in Liz Feldman and Ellen DeGeneres' new NBC sitcom pilot One Big Happy. Cuthbert stars as Lizzy, a lesbian who gets pregnant just as her straight male best friend Luke (played by Nick Zano) meets and marries the love of his life, Prudence. Six episodes of the show were ordered on 9 May 2014, and it debuted mid-season in early 2015. The series was cancelled after one season.[citation needed]
In 2015, Cuthbert joined Seann William Scott in a sequel to the 2011 comedy Goon. Goon: Last of the Enforcers began production in June in Toronto. Liev Schreiber and Alison Pill reprised their roles from the first film.
In 2016, Cuthbert joined the cast of Netflix's The Ranch, a comedy series. In 2020, she started the film Eat Wheaties!. She is set to star the horror movie The Cellar, Bandit and the comedy Friday Afternoon in the Universe. For her performance in the comedy series Jann (2020), she was nominated for the Canadian Screen Awards for Best Guest Performance.
Complex has ranked her in The 25 Hottest Canadian Women, The 100 Hottest Women of the 2000s, The 25 Hottest Blonde Bombshell Actresses, and The 50 Hottest Celebrity Sports Fans. In 2013, GQ magazine listed her among The 100 Hottest Women of the 21st Century and The 100 Sexiest Women of Millennium.
Cuthbert has two younger siblings and enjoys painting, is an ice hockey fan and Los Angeles Kings season-ticket holder. In 2005, she maintained a blog on the NHL website, though she did not post for most of the season.
Cuthbert and hockey player Dion Phaneuf, then the captain of the Toronto Maple Leafs, announced their engagement in September 2012, They married on 6 July 2013 at St. James Catholic Church in Summerfield, Prince Edward Island. Living in Ottawa during the hockey season, Cuthbert and Phaneuf spend their summers at their waterfront estate outside New London, Prince Edward Island in his parents' home province. The couple have one daughter together.
The race organizers RCS Sport invited twenty teams to participate in the race. Each team sent a squad of nine riders, so the Giro began with a peloton of 180 cyclists. Out of the 180 riders that started this edition of the Giro d'Italia, a total of 127 riders made it to the finish in Milan.
Tim Maloney of CyclingNews stated that Team Polti's Ivan Gotti, who had won the previous year's race following Pantani's disqualification, desired to prove he is a legitimate contender. He added that the young rider Danilo Di Luca will be competing in his second Giro and he will aim for a stage victory.
The race route was revealed by the organizers in Milan at the Teatro Lirico. This running of the Giro contained three individual time trial events, one of which was the prologue the race began with. There were a total of ten stages that contained categorized climbs; five of which contained climbs of higher categories, while the other five stages held only categorized climbs of lesser degree. The remaining nine stages were primarily flat stages.
Of the mountain stages, three ended with summit finishes: stage 5 to Peschici, stage 9 to Abetone, and stage 18 to Prato Nevoso. One other stage had a summit arrival, the demanding stage 20 climbing time trial up the Sestriere.
The race began in Rome to celebrate the Great Jubilee, with the opening prologue passing historic sites such as the Colosseum and Imperial Forum. The race then headed down the coast to Scalea through the first week, before turning east to Matera, then heading north through Apulia, travelling along a length of the Adriatic coast.
In the 2000 Giro d'Italia, five different jerseys were awarded. For the general classification, calculated by adding each cyclist's finishing times on each stage, and allowing time bonuses for the first three finishers on mass-start stages, the leader received a pink jersey. This classification is considered the most important of the Giro d'Italia, and the winner is considered the winner of the Giro.
There was also a mountains classification, which awarded a green jersey. In the mountains classifications, points were won by reaching the top of a mountain before other cyclists. Each climb was categorized as either first, second, or third category, with more points available for the higher-categorized climbs. The highest point in the Giro (called the Cima Coppi), which in 2000 was Colle dell'Agnello, afforded more points than the other first-category climbs.
The fourth jersey represented the intergiro classification, marked by a blue jersey. The calculation for the intergiro is similar to that of the general classification, in each stage there is a midway point that the riders pass through a point and where their time is stopped. As the race goes on, their times compiled and the person with the lowest time is the leader of the intergiro classification and wears the blue jersey.
Other less well-known classifications, whose leaders did not receive a special jersey, were awarded during the Giro. Other awards included the Bilboa most combative trophy classification, which was a compilation of points gained for position on crossing intermediate sprints, mountain passes and stage finishes. Russian Dmitri Konyshev won the most combative classification. The Top Runner Trophy Liquigas classification was won by Francesco Casagrande.
An example of the law being put into practice was the Morrison Incident of 1837, in which a merchant ship bearing Japanese citizens was fired upon.
Homeward Bound was a New Zealand television soap opera. It was first broadcast on TV3 on 11 June 1992 and ran for 22 episodes, finishing on 29 October 1992. Created by Ross Jennings, Homeward Bound was TV3's bid for NZ On Air funding for a local soap opera, however, it ultimately lost out to TVNZ's Shortland Street and was reformatted as an hour-long drama series.
Plots centered on the domestic and professional lives of the extended Johnstone family and the residents of Riverside, a fictional rural community just south of the Bombay Hills. The area encompassed a pub and beer garden, a general store and garage, a community hall, a school, a church, a sawmill and a rubbish tip.
Homeward Bound was produced by Soap (NZ) Ltd, a joint venture between Isambard Productions and Communicado, with funding from NZ On Air. The series was broadcast on TV3 on Thursdays at 7.30pm from June until October 1992.
On September 15, 1917, he was commissioned an ensign in the United States Navy Reserve Force and was later promoted to lieutenant during the First World War.  He resigned from the Navy on December 13, 1918.  His naval service enabled him to become a member of the New York Commandery of the Naval Order of the United States.
On December 1, 1941, Morgan was placed on active duty, serving during World War II as he had remained in the Naval Reserve between the wars.  On August 15, 1942, he was promoted to the rank of commander.  He served with the Office of Strategic Services (OSS) and rose to the rank of captain by the end of the war.  His brother, Commander Henry S. Morgan, also served with the OSS during the war.
On June 15, 1915, he married Louise Converse (b. 1894) in Boston, Massachusetts. She was the daughter of Frederick Converse, a noted composer. Together, they had three children:
Junius Morgan died on October 19, 1960. His wife survived him and later died on December 18, 1974. They are both buried at Cedar Hill Cemetery (Hartford, Connecticut), along with his father and grandfather.
He served as commodore of the New York Yacht Club from 1933 to 1935.  Both his father and grandfather had previously served as commodore of the club.
His family's main residence was the 'Salutation' estate, which is located on Long Island in Glen Cove, New York. This home was built around 1929 for Junius Morgan and his wife. The property is no longer owned by the Morgan family, but it is still in private hands and used as a residence.
This location was used to portray the Larrabee family's mansion in the movie Sabrina. The movie made extensive use of this mansion's interiors during the filming.
The Berlin Conference of 1954 was a meeting of the "Big Four" foreign ministers of the United States (John Foster Dulles), Britain (Anthony Eden), France (Georges Bidault), and the Soviet Union (Vyacheslav Molotov) from 25 January to 18 February 1954.
The ministers agreed to call a wider international conference to discuss a settlement to the recent Korean War and the ongoing First Indochina War between France and the Viet Minh, but it failed to reach agreement on issues of European security and the international status of Germany and Austria, then under four-power occupation after World War II.
Some effects of the Berlin Conference were that the leaders were unable to reach an agreement. There was a "fear of freedom" between the East and the West on matters such as free elections in Germany and Austria. The Soviet Union  was not willing to place any trust in either country. Eight weeks from the end of the conference, they planned the Geneva Conference.
 The Burma Star Association is a British veterans' association for ex-servicemen and women of all services who served in the Burma Campaign of World War II. The criterion for membership is the award of the Burma Star for service in Burma during World War II for the necessary qualifying period or the Pacific Star with Burma Clasp.
The Association was first formed on 26 February 1951 to promote comradeship and the welfare of its members. The arduous nature of the Burma Campaign has been recognised and permission granted to the members to wear a replica of the Burma Star in a lapel badge and cap badge.
The Association's Patron is Prince Philip, the Duke of Edinburgh and its President is John Slim, 2nd Viscount Slim, the son of Bill Slim, who commanded the 14th Army in Burma.
This article about an organisation in the United Kingdom is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Sir Walter Clarence Huggard QC (d.  21 June 1957) was a British barrister, acting High Commissioner for the Bechuanaland Protectorate and Swaziland and Chief Justice of the Straits Settlements.
Sir Walter was educated at Methodist College Belfast and Dublin University where he was First Honourman and Senior Moderator in Legal and Political Science. He received an LLD and was called to the Bar at King's Inn in 1907.
Sir Walter was later Judge of the High Courts of Basutoland, the Bechuanaland Protectorate and Swaziland and was legal advisor to the High Commissioner from 1937. In 1938, 1940, 1942, 1945 and 1946 he fulfilled the role of acting High Commissioner for the Bechuanaland Protectorate and Swaziland
The wilderness wraps around the mountain from west to northeast, and borders Timberline Lodge and Mount Hood Meadows ski lifts on some of the south and east slopes of the mountain.
Journeys to the summit are popular. There are opportunities for experienced and novice mountaineers to traverse glaciers, snowfields and steep volcanic soil, and to deal with rapidly changing and difficult to predict weather.  More than 10,000 climbers annually make the attempt, making Mount Hood's summit the most visited snowclad peak in America.
Numerous trails circle the mountain, from Lolo Pass on the northwest (which the Pacific Crest Trail crosses) to Cloud Cap on the northeast to the ski areas on the south. There are several historic structures (predating the wilderness designation), one of which is the remains of a stone lodge near Cairn Basin on the northwest side. Numerous pristine areas are easily accessible, such as Elk Cove on the north side of the mountain near the tree line.
Wilderness permits are required, but free, to enter the area and can be filled out at ranger stations or at kiosks along trails where they enter the wilderness. Climbers ascending to or near the summit are required to register (and sign out at return) in Timberline's day lodge, or at other wilderness permit registration kiosks. Mountain Locator Units can be rented in Government Camp and at some area recreation businesses.
U.S. Wilderness Areas do not allow vehicles, including bicycles. Although camping and fishing are allowed with proper permit, no roads or buildings are constructed and there is also no logging or mining, in compliance with the 1964 Wilderness Act. Wilderness areas within National Forests and Bureau of Land Management areas do allow hunting in season.
In 1993, Crain was awarded the Magazine Publishers of America's Henry Johnson Fisher Award, the magazine industry's highest honor. She died in Cape Cod and was inducted  into the Advertising Hall of Fame that year.
This biographical article related to a football defender from Switzerland is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
A New Day... ended on 15 December 2007, after a 5-year run of more than 700 shows and 3 million spectators. It reached one of the highest concert grosses in music history, $400,000,000.
The 2 disc home video contains more than 5 hours of never-before seen footage, including the concert and 3 exclusive documentaries: Because You Loved Me (A Tribute to the Fans), A New Day: All Access and A New Day: the Secrets. It contains subtitles in 9 languages. The inside booklet includes richly detailed photographs and generous liner notes.
The show was first filmed as a CBS special in celebration of the opening night performance entitled Celine in Las Vegas, Opening Night Live which aired on 25 March 2003. The special only featured 8 performances of songs from the original setlist plus a Behind the Scenes / Backstage featurette hosted by Justin Timberlake.
The originally scheduled DVD release date (autumn 2004) was postponed because of changes and improvements made to the show since the initial filming. The show was recorded in autumn 2003 (26, 27, 28, 29 and 30 November 2003) and included:
"Nature Boy," "At Last," "Fever," "Et je t'aime encore," and "What a Wonderful World" were included on the A New Day... Live in Las Vegas CD, released in June 2004.
"The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face" was filmed during Celine in Las Vegas, Opening Night Live although it does not appear on any official release.
Other songs that have not been included neither on cd nor on DVD include:   "Have You Ever Been in Love", "God Bless America", "Happy Xmas (War Is Over)", "In Some Small Way", "Can't Help Falling In Love", "Taking Chances" and "The Christmas Song".
In addition, two instrumentals: "A New Love" and "Aria Di Lucia De Lammermoor" have been omitted as well.
There is no video performance of "Nature Boy" and "At Last".  There is no video nor audio performance of "God Bless America" and "Happy Xmas (War Is Over)".
"The Power of Love," "I Drove All Night," "I Surrender," and "I Wish" from the DVD were first released on the deluxe edition of Dion's album Taking Chances from November 2007. An exclusive sneak preview from the show was also included.
A New Day... was shown on television in selected countries, including the Netherlands (first part on 18 November and second one on 25 November 2007 on SBS 6), Spain (29 November 2007 on TVE2), South Africa (first part on 2 December and second one on 8 December 2007 on SABC 3), Italy (25 December 2007 on Italia 1), and Quebec (bonus features on 20 January 2008 and the show on 27 January 2008 on TVA).
A New Day... was also broadcast to movie theatres in some countries, including Poland (Multikino on 5 December 2007) and the United States (various theatres on 17 December 2007).
Outside Canada, the DVD was also very successful and peaked at number 1 in the United States, United Kingdom, France, Japan, Switzerland, Netherlands, Belgium, Denmark, New Zealand and Estonia. It reached number 2 in Portugal and Sweden, number 3 in Argentina, Australia, Ireland and Greece, number 4 in Austria, number 6 in Italy and number 7 in Czech Republic. Live in Las Vegas - A New Day... also debuted in the top 10 in Finland and Germany.
The Right Stuff conducted business via paper and United States postal service beginning in 1993.  It advertised in magazines such as The New Yorker, Boston, New York, Chicago, and Philadelphia magazines, similar publications in Washington D.C., and California, and university alumni magazines for the target universities.  The Right Stuff went to the web in 1997.
Originally, membership was limited to affiliates of Ivy League, the Seven Sisters, MIT, Duke, Northwestern, Stanford,  Berkeley, Chicago, and Johns Hopkins.  Over time, the list of eligible universities has expanded to about 70 top-tier schools, and any medical school.
Competing niche sites targeting high intelligence or graduates of elite universities have either closed entirely, no longer work with current browsers, or are otherwise essentially moribund.  These include docdates.com, fastcupid.com, intellectconnect.com, ivydate.com, mymitra.com, and sweetongeeks.com.
As of July 2015, a six-month membership costs $75.00. The membership is discounted for full-time students, recent graduates, and residents of certain states. The Right Stuff requires its members to provide proof of student, graduate, or faculty relationship to one of the listed universities or medical schools.
The New South Wales Aborigines Protection Association, also known as NSW Aborigines Protection Association, Association for the Protection of Aborigines, Aborigines Protection Association and Aboriginal Protection Association, was a private body which supported Aboriginal Australians in New South Wales, Australia. Specifically, it administered Maloga Mission until the residents moved to Cumeroogunga (which it then administered), and the mission stations at Warangesda and Brewarrina.
The organisation grew out of the Committee to Aid the Maloga Mission, which was created by founding missionary Daniel Matthews on Maloga Mission in 1878. The New South Wales Aborigines Protection Association was established in 1880 "for the purpose of ameliorating the present deplorable condition of the remnants of the Aborigine tribes of this colony".
After the Board for the Protection of Aborigines was created by the New South Wales Government on 26 February 1883, it started subsidising the three stations, which however continued to be administered by the Association. In  1892, Association income dwindled and the management of the stations was handed over to the Board. The Association continued until at least 1895, by which time they also had some oversight of La Perouse Mission.
Founded in 1997 their primary goal is to promote high-level English-language publications from Cyprus, Greece, and the Eastern Mediterranean region in general. Their focus on Eastern Mediterranean enables them to carry titles from authors worldwide who have the region at the core of their work.
Armida was the first publishing company in Cyprus to establish an active e-books program, and in sense of volume produced and sold, the company is currently the market leader in Cyprus in production, distribution, and sales of ebooks in English.
In addition, the company is also the leading exporter of literary rights of Greek Cypriot literature to foreign publishers, with an extensive network of collaborating partner publishers throughout Europe, and the world.
Armida is also an active member of the Independent Publishers Guild (UK) and the Independent Book Publishers Association (USA). Armida is a founding member of the Cyprus Association of Book Publishers, itself a part of the Federation of European Publishers (FEP). Armida worked in collaboration with the Cyprus PEN Centre, and published the quarterly magazine 'In Focus'.
Was predominantly Greek books distributed in Cyprus and Greece. In that period they co-published books with Aiora Press for the Greek market and also acquired rights to German titles. This early period is also noteworthy as they focused on acquiring translation rights compared to the present where they are a net exporter of the aforesaid rights.
Armida is spearheading the effort to promote and popularize Cypriot fiction outside the narrow confines of the island. Subsequently, the company has become the premier rights-exporter for Cypriot fiction. Its extended network of collaborations includes multiple titles in multiple languages including Albanian, Arabic, Bulgarian, Croatian, Czech, English, German, Macedonian, Romanian, Turkish, Serbian, Spanish, Lithuanian, etc.
Armida publishes a range of books in both English and Greek. The following is a list of there most notable titles, in both English and in Greek
East Victoria Park is a suburb of Perth, Western Australia, located within the Town of Victoria Park.
In parliament, Colboc serves on the Committee on Cultural Affairs and Education. In addition to her committee assignments, she is part of the French-Portuguese Parliamentary Friendship Group.
Lawrence Douglas "Larry" Wilder Jr. (born February 17, 1962) is a former member of the Virginia House of Delegates from Richmond. He is the son of former Virginia governor L. Douglas Wilder.
This article about a member of the Virginia House of Delegates is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
FabricLive.23 is a DJ mix compilation album by Death in Vegas, as part of the FabricLive Mix Series.
FabricLive.23 was well-received by Allmusic writer David Jeffries, who gave it three and a half stars out of five, calling it "a satisfying mix that's more headphones than dancefloor...step two in Death in Vegas' thrilling rebirth as a heady mavericks". Andrew McLachlan, reviewing the album for PopMatters, also viewed it positively, calling it "a great record...a record for Death in Vegas fans but also for electronica fans".
Assistant directors to the film were Ajayan and G. S. Vijayan and art direction by Krishnan Kutty. The film was a Superhit at the box office.[citation needed]
Two good friends, Nandan and Sunny, are singers in their senior year of college. Nandan is a hard working introvert while Sunny is well rounded, sporty, and loved among his friends. Nandan and Sunny have girlfriends Devi and Thara, respectively, who match them exactly in personality. Sunny also has another very loyal pal named Vinod who tends to get a bit annoying sometimes, but Sunny appreciates him nevertheless.
On one of Nandan's tours to his hometown, he stays in a hotel and discovers that the receptionist is Devi. He calls her later, telling her, "Sukhamo Devi?" (Are you doing alright, Devi?), the title of the movie. He eventually meets her husband, Dr. Venugopal, who tells Nandan to move on with life, and that the arranged marriage wasn't his choice either.
Sukhamo Devi marks the directorial debut of Venu Nagavally. The film is based on his own life experience.
The soundtrack was composed by music Raveendran to the lyrics penned by O. N. V. Kurup. The soundtrack was well received and includes in the evergreen melodies of all time in Malayalam film music. K. J. Yesudas and K. S. Chithra have lent their voice for the soundtracks of the film.
The Peace and Development Party was established on 25 October 2014. Its founder and current party leader is Garik Grigoryan. The party currently has no parliamentary representation within the National Assembly and acts as an extra-parliamentary force.
The party did participate in the 2015 Nagorno-Karabakh parliamentary elections, winning just 0.86% of the popular vote and failing to win any seats in the National Assembly. Following the election, the party released a statement criticizing the lack of democracy in the country. The party opted not to participate in the 2020 Artsakhian general election.
The party advocates for peace in the Caucasus region, the right for Artsakh citizens to determine their own future, fighting corruption and authoritarianism, and supporting the economic development of Artsakh.
In 1946, Nadia began work on pests at the Slough laboratory and received a Ph.D and Sc.D from Imperial College. She was known for her exceptional teaching ability and she also conducted research on the diapause of flour moths, the ecology and population dynamics of various insects. Some of her significant research included studies on the dispersal and flight of Hemiptera including leafhoppers.
Waloff retired in 1978, but in 1990, she was still publishing as a member of the Department of Pure and Applied Biology, Imperial College.
Valorie Burton is a life coach, author, motivational speaker and entrepreneur. She is the founder of the Coaching and Positive Psychology Institute (CaPP).
Burton has been featured on the TODAY Show and the Dr. Oz Show and has made regular appearances on CNN and HLN. She has written for Oprah Magazine, Essence Magazine and many others. She was a columnist for BlackAmericaWeb.com and is a frequent guest on CNN's Reclaim Your Career segment.
Burton is a former Miss Black Texas USA, Miss Black USA "top 10" finalist, and a runner-up to Miss Texas. Ms. Burton is a credentialed member of the International Coach Federation and a member of the National Speakers Association.
Burton graduated from the University of Pennsylvania with a master's degree in applied positive psychology. She is also a graduate of Florida State University and has a master's degree in journalism from Florida A&M University.
Burton is author of several books including Successful Women Think Differently,  What's Really Holding You Back, and Happy Women Live Better, Rich Minds Rich Rewards, How Did I Get So Busy, Listen to Your Life, Why Not You? 28 Days to Authentic Confidence, Start Here Start Now, Get Unstuck, Be Unstoppable, and Where Will You Go From Here?,  and Successful Women Speak Differently.
In Rich Minds, Rich Rewards (2001), she describes ways to focus "on what's truly important in life." In What's Really Holding You Back? (2005), Burton tackles fear, uncertainty and anxiety and how people can free themselves of fear. Library Journal calls How Did I Get So Busy? (2007) more than a "quick fix."  Her book Why Not You? (2008), contains practical tips and a questionnaire for readers to "identify which four confidence levels they embody."
In 2020, Burton released her most recent book, "Life Coaching for Successful Women" and advice on New Year's resolution to loudly tell your goals and start with baby steps. Burton also gave decision-making advice, "Without understanding God deep in our hearts, there is no success".
This is a list of the current and past directors of the National Intelligence Service of South Korea and its predecessor organisations, the Korean Central Intelligence Agency and the Agency for National Security Planning.
A splanch is a type of single-family home that was popular in the New York metropolitan area from the 1950s through the 1970s. The name is a fusion of split level home and ranch, two architectural styles that influenced the design.
The splanch's popularity diminished in the 1980s, and few examples exist that were built in that decade, and by the 1990s, they were gone from the drawing board altogether. Presently, many are updated and renovated to suit the needs of their current owners.
Damon Jones  (born 17 March 1993) is a British professional boxer who has challenged once for the British middleweight title.
 The Wilderness or Desert of Paran is said to be the place where Hagar (the Egyptian servant girl of Abraham's wife Sarah/Sarai and, by Sarah's suggestion, was made his wife and bore him a son Ishmael) was sent into exile from Abraham's dwelling in Beersheba (Genesis 16:1). Hagar "departed, and strayed in the wilderness of Beer-sheba" (Genesis 21):
Paran is later mentioned in the Book of Numbers as a place where the Israelites temporarily settled during the Exodus:
Then the Israelites set out from the Desert of Sinai and traveled from place to place until the cloud came to rest in the Desert of Paran. (Numbers 10:12)
These are the words Moses spoke to all Israel in the desert beyond the Jordan--that is, in the Arabah--opposite Suph, between Paran and Tophel, Laban, Hazeroth and Dizahab.  (Deuteronomy 1:1)
He said: "The LORD came from Sinai and dawned over them from Seir; he shone forth from Mount Paran. He came with myriads of holy ones, from his right hand went a fiery law for them."  (Deuteronomy 33:2)
1 Kings 11:17-18 states that when Hadad the Edomite fled from Edom to Egypt, he passed through Midian and Paran on the way to Egypt.
It is not certain precisely where the wilderness of Paran is to be located. It is often associated with Mount Sinai in Egypt, and there is some evidence that it may originally have referred to the southern portion of the Sinai Peninsula. However the Deuteronomy 1:1 text suggests it could be east of the Jordan River.
The minor prophet Habakkuk references that "God is coming from Teman, the Holy One from Mount Paran" in Habakkuk 3:3.
Eusebius' mention of Chodollagomor refers to a possible earlier mention of Paran in Genesis 14:6, which states that as he and the other kings allied with him were campaigning in the region of Sodom and Gomorrah, they smote "the Horites in their mount Seir, unto El-paran, which is by the wilderness". (KJV)
Sebeos, the Armenian Bishop and historian, describing the Arab conquest of his time, wrote that the Arabs "assembled and came out from Paran".
in 1989, Professor Haseeb Shehada, in his translation of the Samaritan Torah, suggested an identification of the wilderness of Paran with the desert of Western Arabia, which is known today as the Hijaz.
The Arab geographer Al-Muqaddasi mentioned in his book that the Red Sea branches into two "at the extremity of al-Hijaz at a place called Faran".
According to Wahb ibn Munabbih, there was a Tal Faran ("Hill of Faran") on the outskirts of Mecca, mentioned in his book Kitab al-Tijan, a Pre-Islamic Arabic folklore compilation. Ibn Munabbih further suggested an identification for Tal Faran as the 'mound of the Two runaways', a place where the Jurhum tribe found Hagar and Ishmael and thought of them as two runaways.
the link between Paran and the Arabs (actually the Arabic language), who are also called Ishmaelites after Ishmael (among other names), is very early although somewhat vague.
The Purified National Party (Afrikaans: Gesuiwerde Nasionale Party) was a break away from Hertzog's National Party which lasted from 1935 to 1948.
In 1935 the main portion of the National Party, led by J. B. M. Hertzog, merged with the South African Party of Jan Smuts to form the United Party. A hardline faction of Afrikaner nationalists, led by D. F. Malan, strongly opposed the merger. Malan and 19 other MPs defected to form the Purified National Party, which he led for the next fourteen years in opposition.
In 1939 the question of South African participation in World War II caused a split in the United Party. Hertzog's Nationalist wing broke away and merged with the Purified National Party to form the Reunited (Herenigde) National Party. This party went on to defeat the United Party in the election of 1948.
This article about a South African political party is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Clistoceratidae is one of six families of the Somoholitoidea superfamily. They are an extinct group of ammonoid, which are shelled cephalopods related to squids, belemnites, octopuses, and cuttlefish, and more distantly to the nautiloids.
Tokkei Security Hiratsuka General Gymnasium is an arena in Hiratsuka, Kanagawa, Japan.This is an anime spot based on Slam Dunk (manga). 
Sakshi Malik is an Indian actress, fitness influencer and model, known for her role in the film Sonu Ke Titu Ki Sweety and its associated song, "Bom Diggy Diggy".
Sakshi was born in Kanpur, Uttar Pradesh. She completed her Bachelor of Technology at the Jaypee Institute of Information Technology, Delhi. During college, she started to appear in fashion shows.
After graduation, Malik moved to Mumbai and started modelling for television commercials of brands, including Nykaa and PC Jeweller. In 2018, she made her debut in Bollywood by acting in the film Sonu Ke Titu Ki Sweety. Her song from the film, "Bom Diggy Diggy", became popular on the Internet in India. She was also in the music video for Armaan Malik's single "Veham".
Her photo was used as a commercial sex worker in the 2020 Telugu movie V, for which she approached the Bombay High Court. In March 2021, the High Court ordered Amazon Prime to take down the movie because use of her photo "without consent is prima facie impermissible, unlawful and entirely illegal"; the movie was promptly removed from the platform. The producers and the actor settled their disputes after a month.
The physiology of plant memory is documented in many studies and is understood to have four main physiological mechanisms that work together in synchrony to provide the plant with basic memory functions, and are thought to be precursors to advanced memory functions found in animals. These four mechanisms are the storing and recalling, habituation, gene priming or epigenetics, and the biological clock.
Duane Raymond Hall, II (born February 6, 1967) is an American attorney and politician. Elected to the North Carolina House of Representatives 11th district in 2012, Representative Hall was chosen by his colleagues to serve as Freshman Leader. Re-elected in 2014, Rep. Hall was ranked as one of the most effective Democratic members of the North Carolina General Assembly's 2015-2017 session. 
In 2018 North Carolina Governor Roy Cooper appointed Representative Hall to serve as Chairman of the North Carolina Courts Commission. In his final term, ending in 2019, Representative Hall was the primary sponsor of more successful legislation than any other Democratic member of the House, including the landmark Raise the Age bill, which raised the age of juvenile jurisdiction. 
In 2013, Hall sponsored a successful bill that encouraged mediation between landlords and homeowners associations. He has been a major critic of a 2013 North Carolina voter I.D. law that was passed following Shelby County v. Holder.
Hall is currently in private law practice in Raleigh , North Carolina, specializing in Real Estate law, eminent domain and personal injury.
He made a single first-class appearance for the team, during the 1829 season, against England. Faulkner scored 1 not out in the first innings, and 9 in the second innings.
DSN1, MIND kinetochore complex component, homolog (S. cerevisiae), also known as DSN1 or MIS13, is a protein which in humans encoded by the DSN1 gene.
DSN1 along with MIS12, DC8, PMF1, CBX5, ZWINT is a component of the kinetochore-associated multiprotein complex which is required for correct chromosome alignment during the metaphase of cell mitosis.
  Admiral George Losack (died 19 September 1829) was an officer of the British Royal Navy who saw service in the American Revolutionary War the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars. 
After the Peace of Amiens Jupiter returned to Britain and was paid off. On the commencement of the Napoleonic Wars Losack returned to service as captain of the 98-gun ship of the line HMS Prince George. He was subsequently promoted to rear-admiral in 1808, vice-admiral in 1813 and full admiral in 1825 without returning to active service. he died in Milan in September 1829.
This biographical article related to the Royal Navy is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Joel Clifford Dreessen (born July 26, 1982) is a former American football tight end. He was drafted by the New York Jets in the sixth round of the 2005 NFL Draft. He played college football at Colorado State.
Dreessen was born in Ida Grove, Iowa, and graduated from Fort Morgan High School in 2000. In 1999, Fort Morgan was the Colorado 3A State champions. Dreessen was also a member of the all-state team in Colorado that year.
On October 28, 2007, Joel Dreessen caught his first NFL touchdown pass, a 28-yard reception in the fourth quarter from quarterback Sage Rosenfels against the San Diego Chargers at San Diego's Qualcomm Stadium. It was Houston's only touchdown in a 35-10 loss, and Dreessen was named Houston's top offensive player despite only one reception.  Dreessen re-signed with the Texans in 2009 for a reported three-year, $3.6 million deal.[citation needed]
Near the end of the 2009 season, Dreessen had become the starter at tight end due to the injury of Owen Daniels. Dreessen caught the first touchdown pass in the Texans' last game against the New England Patriots from Matt Schaub.
Dreessen signed with the Denver Broncos on March 23, 2012 for three years and $8.5 million. In 2012, he caught 41 receptions as well as 5 touchdowns while playing in 16 games with 15 starts. Dreesen played in 13 games in the 2013 season, recording seven catches and one touchdown.
A native of San Pedro, California, Lovitto was a competent outfielder with blazing speed who batted over .300 in his minor league career, but never fulfilled expectations at the Major League level. One of his former managers, Billy Martin, wrote, in his autobiography, that Lovitto could have had a great career if not for injuries.
In a four-season career, Lovitto was a .216 hitter (165-for-763) with four home runs, 53 RBI, and 22 stolen bases in 306 games.
The Expulsion (German: Die Austreibung) is a 1923 silent German drama film directed by F. W. Murnau. The film is now considered to be lost. The film's sets were designed by the art directors Erich Czerwonski and Rochus Gliese. Location shooting took place in the Riesengebirge.
Ludmilla asks her new husband to sell the farm and move to the village, as she cannot stand being isolated in the mountains. The son agrees, hoping it will make Ludmilla love him. They go to the village to sign a deed of sale. The son drinks heavily, decides to marry Aenne to Lauer, and then has second thoughts about selling the farm. 
Unable to find her husband, who has gone to the notary to cancel the sale, Ludmilla asks Lauer to take her home. A blizzard has begun, and they are unable to make it back up the mountain. They take refuge in Lauer's cabin instead, where they begin to make love. The son, however, follows their tracks in the snow. He finds them in the cabin, and brutally assaults Lauer.
The next morning, the son and Ludmilla return to the farm, their marriage in ruins. They discover that the mother and father have decided to leave their beloved home, now that it has been sold, and have already packed all their things.
Assetz Capital is a British peer-to-peer or "marketplace" lender which allows private and institutional investors to lend money directly to small businesses (SMEs) and property developers.
Assetz Capital was the first secured P2P lender in the United Kingdom.  The company, founded by Stuart Law, was launched in March 2013.
In May 2013, Assetz Capital became the first peer-to-peer lending company to launch peer-to-peer backed buy-to-let mortgages. In September 2013, Yahoo! Finance credited Assetz Capital as the fastest-growing peer-to-peer lending company in the UK.
In January 2020, Assetz Capital filed its first set of audited statutory accounts (audited by Kay Johnson Gee LLP, a local Manchester based firm), for the year ended 31 March 2019. Prior to this point, the company was filing unaudited small company accounts.
Assetz Capital's headquarters is in Manchester, and it has offices in London and Edinburgh. Assetz Capital has a nationwide network of Relationship Directors who help guide borrowers through the lending process.
In December 2012, HM Treasury announced the start of a consultation period to regulate the peer-to-peer industry and in April 2013 Assetz Capital and the other leading peer-to-peer lenders obtained interim permissions from the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA). Assetz Capital received full FCA authorisation in September 2017.
Advertised returns in 2017 were 3.75% to 15% gross but will vary from lender to lender. These returns are subject to taxation and losses arising from defaults.
Assetz Capital has a number of investment accounts. Target rates of interest vary based on the types of loans they invest in, security types, diversification of the investment, ease of access to funds in normal market conditions, and any additional cover such as a provision fund.
This biographical article relating to an American baseball pitcher born in the 1870s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The episode begins with Wolverine in the Danger Room training against robots that look like Cyclops, clad in a tuxedo. Meanwhile, Jean Grey and Cyclops are getting married. Jean throws the bouquet for the girls (Jubilee attempts to restrain Rogue from flying and cheating), but the flowers fall on top of a box that Beast was carrying.
After the wedding is over, the reverend transforms back into Morph. He is still deeply disturbed at the fact that he was left behind to die (this happened in the Night of the Sentinels (Part 2) episode after he was shot and the X-Men thought he was dead). Still clad in her wedding gown, Jean goes to the Danger Room and apologizes to Wolverine.
The president pardons Beast of all the charges against him and he is released from prison. Graydon Creed, who is the leader of Friends of Humanity, sends in one of his men dressed up as a mutant to terrorize everyone. Soon the Friends of Humanity start anti-mutant riots.
Morph is appalled by this and does not really desire revenge on his former allies, but he has developed a split personality with his evil personality being dominant. He poses as Magneto and sends a fake distress call to Professor X, saying he needs his help and is in some kind of trouble in Antarctica. So, Xavier goes after him alone and tells the X-Men it's a personal matter.
Gambit, Beast and Wolverine go to a bar to play pool, where the Friends of Humanity attack them. Clayton Creed records the attack on video and uses the footage to slander Beast, as he appeared to be involved in a riot and terrorizing civilians. Wolverine gets mad at hearing this and goes out for a drive.
Morph transforms into Wolverine and gets inside the X-Mansion. He then transforms into Rogue and tells Gambit that she is able to touch other people. Gambit unwittingly later goes up to the real Rogue, kisses her, and falls unconscious.
Meanwhile, Morph transforms into Storm and tells Jubilee to go to a place to protect some mutants. It was a trap, as Morph had sent her to the headquarters of Friends of Humanity, where she was recognized and caught.
After hearing of another riot, Storm and Rogue go to stop them. Storm was badly injured when Morph transforms into the police chief and orders everyone to shoot her. Storm is taken away in an ambulance. Mister Sinister is revealed to be monitoring the whole process and then the episode ends in a cliffhanger.
The episode starts off with Cyclops and Jean Grey on a sailboat headed for an island.  Meanwhile, Beast is getting attacked by the Danger Room, but is eventually able to stop it.  Morph, outside of the X-Mansion, feels as if he belongs there.  Mister Sinister approaches him, and convinces him to turn back to his evil side.  He then states that Cyclops and Jean Grey will be his.
Later, Wolverine and Jubilee find Morph trying to escape in the X-Jet carrier. Wolverine tries to reason with Morph and he explains why he got left behind and that Wolverine went back to look for him. Morph remains unmoved and he shapeshifts into Wolverine, attacking him. Jubilee is unsure which Wolverine is real and she accidentally blasts the real one, allowing Morph to escape in the jet.
Jubilee visits Storm at the hospital and tells her of Morph's return. Meanwhile, Morph lands on the island and returns to Mister Sinister.  Cyclops is shocked to see him alive, but Morph reveals he is back for revenge and was the minister that married him and Jean Grey. He continues to blame Cyclops for leaving him behind and prepares to shoot him, but is stopped by Mister Sinister. As he explains how he found Morph, the X-Men enter.
Cyclops and Jean Grey vow to get properly married again one day.  Morph escapes, while Wolverine vows to find him - remembering Morph as the only person that could make him laugh.
During the flashback scene images of Cyclops' past, a shot of him wearing a classic yellow & blue style X-Men uniform, and fighting the Super-Adaptoid (a green robot with the powers of the original "Marvel Comics' The Avengers") is a scene based out of Uncanny X-Men issue #29. As Morph changes back into true form outside the X-Men Mansion, he makes reference to a 1990s Saturday Night Live skit as he says, "Making copies."
Following Morph's death in the pilot episode after being struck by a Sentinel, the character became extremely popular and re-appeared in the second season under demand from fans. However, this was not initially planned and it was originally intended that Morph's character continued to be presumed dead by the X-Men throughout the series.
Toon Zone published a review covering both chapters, describing the episode mostly positively, its only critical point being the episodes' conclusion. Both chapters of the episode have an entry on Rotten Tomatoes.
The 1973 Limerick Senior Hurling Championship was the 79th staging of the Limerick Senior Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Limerick County Board.
On 25 November 1973, Kilmallock won the championship after a 2-12 to 2-04 defeat of Killeedy in the final. It was their third championship title overall and their first championship title since 1967.
Chlorobutanol is formed by the reaction of chloroform and acetone in the presence of potassium or sodium hydroxide. It may be purified by sublimation or recrystallisation.
Chlorobutanol has proven effective at stimulating parthenogenesis in sea urchin eggs up to the pluteus stage, possibly by increasing irritability to cause stimulation. For the eggs of the fish Oryzias latipes, however, chlorobutanol only acted as an anesthetic.
The touch hole in the rear (breech) of the cannon was primed with finer gunpowder (priming powder) or from a quill (from a porcupine or the skin-end of a feather) pre-filled with priming powder, then ignited.
The linstock slow match or the spark from the flintlock ignited the priming powder, which in turn set off the main charge, which propelled the shot out of the barrel. When the gun discharged, the recoil sent it backwards until it was stopped by the breech rope, a sturdy rope made fast to ring bolts let into the bulwarks, with a turn taken about the gun's cascabel (the knob at the end of the gun barrel).
A complete and accurate listing of the types of naval guns requires analysis both by nation and by time period. The types used by different nations at the same time often were very different, even if they were labelled similarly. The types used by a given nation would shift greatly over time, as technology, tactics, and current weapon fashions changed.
French ships used similarly standardized guns of 36-pound, 24-pound, 18-pound, 12-pound, and 8-pound calibers, augmented by carronades and smaller pieces. In general, larger ships carrying more guns carried larger ones as well.
The carronade was another compromise design. It fired an extremely heavy shot but, to keep down the weight of the gun, it had a very short barrel, giving it shorter range and lesser accuracy. However, at the short range of many naval engagements, these "smashers" were very effective. Their lighter weight and smaller crew requirement allowed them to be used on smaller ships than would otherwise be needed to fire such heavy projectiles. It was used from the 1770s to the 1850s.
The number of clerics in the Parliament has declined significantly since 1980. According to Yasmin Alem, it is difficult to explain this decline, however, some factors may have played a role in this trend: Popularity of clerics has waved since the new generation of voters has less emotional ties to the revolution, and political factions and coalitions adapted stratagems leading to de-clericalization.
Imber tropicus is a moth of the family Sphingidae and only member of the genus Imber. It was described by Maxwell Sydney Moulds in 1983. It is found in the tropical north of Australia, including the Northern Territory, Queensland and Western Australia.
Siphocampylus loxensis is a species of plant in the family Campanulaceae. It is endemic to Ecuador.  Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
Some of the ranges' main attractions are: the four popular surf beaches, Piha, Muriwai, Te Henga (Bethells Beach), Karekare; an extensive network of bush walks and tracks; and panoramic views of the east and west coasts and the city. A road, aptly named Scenic Drive, runs a good portion of the length of the ranges from Titirangi to Swanson. Auckland City Council operates an information centre on Scenic Drive, called Arataki Visitor Centre.
The beaches are typical of west coast beaches north of Taranaki in that they are all black sand beaches. They have a reputation of being dangerous for swimmers due to rips and large swells. Surf Life Saving Clubs patrol designated areas of the four most popular beaches during the summer months. Piha Surf Life Saving Club is the oldest of these, being founded in 1934.
The Ark in the Park conservation initiative, a partnership between Forest and Bird and the Auckland Council, is working to reintroduce some of the species made extinct in the Cascades Kauri Park section of the ranges. The project was started in 2003 and now covers 2,300 hectares (5,700 acres).
Although some people objected to giving their religion, 69.6% had no religion, 19.5% were Christian, and 4.9% had other religions.
Of those at least 15 years old, 552 (28.6%) people had a bachelor or higher degree, and 216 (11.2%) people had no formal qualifications. The employment status of those at least 15 was that 1,038 (53.8%) people were employed full-time, 354 (18.4%) were part-time, and 57 (3.0%) were unemployed.
Ted Genoways (born April 13, 1972) is an American journalist and author.  He is a contributing writer at Mother Jones and The New Republic, and an editor-at-large at Pacific Standard.  His books include This Blessed Earth and The Chain: Farm, Factory, and the Fate of Our Food.
In 2003, while he was still a doctoral student at the University of Iowa and working at the Iowa Review, Genoways was hired by the University of Virginia to edit the Virginia Quarterly Review. He served as editor for the next nine years, during which time the magazine received six National Magazine Awards, two Utne Independent Press Awards, and an Overseas Press Club Award. In 2012, Genoways announced that he was stepping down as editor of VQR to pursue his writing career.
Genoways has since become a contributing writer at Mother Jones and The New Republic, as well as an editor-at-large at Pacific Standard. His essays and poetry have appeared in The Atlantic, Bloomberg Businessweek, Harper's, The New Republic, The New York Times Magazine, Outside, Poetry, and the Washington Post Book World. He has received a James Beard Foundation Award for Investigative Reporting, a MOTHER, and the James Aronson Award for Social Justice Journalism.
In October 2014, Genoways published the book The Chain: Farm, Factory, and the Fate of Our Food, which Eric Schlosser in the New York Times Book Review called an "important book, well worth reading, full of compelling stories, genuine outrage and the careful exposure of corporate lies."
According to Publishers Weekly, his next book Tequila Wars: The Bloody Struggle for the Spirit of Mexico is scheduled to be edited by John Glusman at Norton. "Tequila Wars examines agave farming in Mexico and aims to 'tell the story of the modern tequila industry.'"
Of the eight candidates who fought the presidential election, four were affiliated with the FDR alliance:
In the July 2007 parliamentary election, the FDR won a total of 15 out of 147 seats: 11 for the RPM and four for PARENA.
After being released, he was at the Uppsala Synod in 1593 as one of the twelve assessors. And in 1595 he was ordained Bishop of Skara.
He was considered a fine and hardworking person who dedicated much time and care to the University in Uppsala and the Church. In his old age, he was weakened by age and sickness and the archdiocese was said to have been neglected.
Many poems in his style, or borrowing his themes, have been attributed to Walter on insufficient evidence. For example, he was not the author of the satirical Apocalypse of Golias once attributed to him. In addition to his poems, Walter wrote a dialogue refuting Jewish thought and biblical interpretation and a treatise on the Trinity, and he was possibly the author of Moralium dogma philosophorum. He died of bubonic plague early in the 13th century.
In the 1993 campaign he was elected deputy in the State Duma of the Russian Federation for the first time, and since then has been re-elected as an independent deputy three times, serving until the 2007 elections when the single constituency seats were abolished.
He served as an adviser on film, TV and radio to Vladimir Yakovlev during the latter's tenure as the Governor (mayor) of St Petersburg.
In 1999 Nevzorov collaborated with the ORT TV channel and often appeared as a political commentator on Sergey Dorenko's Saturday night news show.
Later he abandoned political journalism and devoted himself to horse-riding. He founded a horsemanship school, Nevzorov Haute Ecole, and wrote the book The Horse: Crucified and Risen. He continues to make occasional excursions in politics. He directed two documentaries, produced several journal articles and publications, and maintains a blog where he expresses his views of fervent atheism and bitter criticism towards the Russian government.
Marshall Purnell (born June 8, 1950) is a prominent African-American architect and 2008 president of the American Institute of Architects.
Marshall E. Purnell, FAIA is a very accomplished architect in America today. In 2006, Marshall was elected as the first African American architect to serve as the national president on the American Institute of Architects in 150 years; an organisation that did not allow membership of African Americans until 1923.  His inauguration marked a significant step to diversifying the fields of Architecture and Design.
Purnell has quite a reputable background as he was also the president of the National Organisation of Minority Architects in 1985 and 1986.  In addition, he is a former national President of The American Institute of Architects (2008) and the National Organization of Minority Architects (1985, 1986). As the Design Principal of Devrouax & Purnell Architects Planners, some firm projects include:
The firm has won AIA Design Awards at the local, regional and national level.  Additionally, at the same time, Mr Purnell was a Principal of the graphics design firm Design Communications for over ten years.
National Organization of Minority Architects, NOMAC, (President 1985 & 1986) National Organization of Minority Architects Counsel
University of Michigan Taubman College of Architecture & Planning Distinguished Service Award (2007)
Chen Kuen Lee moved to Germany in 1931 and in the same year started to study architecture at the Technische Hochschule Berlin, from which he graduated in 1937. Simultaneously he worked in the studio of Hans Poelzig. He finished his diploma in 1939.
By providing interior spaces with different ambient qualities for the users open floor plans with interleaving rooms were created. For many of his buildings Lee himself took care of the interior design. Numerous designs for furniture, lighting, and other fitments were created.
Lee finished 63 buildings; in addition, there are around 40 draft designs that have not been realized. Besides his residential buildings he designed several industrial plants as well as the interior of Chinese restaurants in Berlin, Karlsruhe, Stuttgart, and Munich.
Chen Kuen Lee is the author of several essays and two books published in Taiwan on the Neues Bauen movement, the principles of which are explained by taking various buildings designed by him as examples.
Sato began his professional career signing with the Philadelphia Phillies organization in 2000  before making his on field debut for the Batavia Muckdogs of Minor League Baseball in 2001 hitting .261 with 4 home runs and 21 RBI's. In 2002 he played again in Batavia as well as the Gulf Coast League. He was promoted to the Lakewood BlueClaws for the 2003 season and hit .247 with 6 home runs and 42 RBI's.
Sato was selected in the seventh round by the Saitama Seibu Lions in 2003 draft upon returning to Japan, where he would play from 2004 until 2011.
Sato briefly played in Fortitudo Baseball Bologna in the Italian Baseball League in 2012 as well as Chiba Lotte Marines in 2013.
This biographical article relating to a Japanese baseball outfielder is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
For the first time an NLA season is run with a 3-point system. A team gets now 3 points for a win after 60 minutes, instead of 2.
A tied game after 60 minutes results in an overtime of 5 minutes, which is played 4 vs. 4 (this is not a rule change). But now, if a team scores a goal it gets two points while the other team also gets a point.
If the game still remains tied after the overtime, there will be a penalty shootout with 3 shots per team. The winner team will get two points and the other team one point.
After the conclusion of the regular season, the bottom 4 teams will compete in a 4-team elimination playoff, with the losing team advancing to determine which team will face the champions of the National League B. The winner of the best-of-7 series will play in the National League A next season, while the losing team will play in the National League B.
In early 2018, before the building was finished, an episode of PBS' Impossible Builds featured the building, which they referred to as the "scorpion tower", and described it as "one of the most complex skyscrapers ever to make it off the drawing board."
A notable feature of the building is the curving exoskeleton, allowing the interior space to have fewer columns. The exoskeleton is composed of 5,000 pieces of glass fiber reinforced concrete. These pieces were shipped from Dubai early in the construction process. The exoskeleton is located in front of a glass facade.
The building contains 84 residences, consisting of a two-story duplex penthouse, 4 townhouses, 10 full-floor residences, and 70 half-floor units.
A swimming pool is installed at the top of the building, covered by a curving, faceted metal ceiling that reflects the water. The double-height space is occupied by the pool on one side and a seating area on the other. A similar metallic canopy design is used for the bar. A full two-room treatment spa, hair and beauty salon, acai and juice bar fueled by Raw Republic, and a sunbathing area is also installed, alongside a multimedia tower.
This article about a building or structure in Florida is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Golden Butterfly (German: Der goldene Schmetterling)  is a 1926 Austrian-German silent drama film directed by Michael Curtiz and starring Hermann Leffler, Lili Damita and Nils Asther. It was based on the 1915 short story "The Making of Mac's" by British author P. G. Wodehouse. The film was released in the United Kingdom as The Golden Butterfly, in a form shortened to 5 reels, and had a limited release in the US under the title The Road to Happiness.
The film was shot at the Johannisthal Studios in Berlin and on location in London and Cambridge. The film's sets were designed by the art director Paul Leni. It was made as a co-production between the Austrian Sascha Film and the German Phoebus Film. It was released in Britain by the Stoll Pictures company. It was the last film directed by the Hungarian Michael Curtiz in Germany before he emigrated to the United States.
The 1999 Hector Mine earthquake occurred in Southern California, United States, on October 16 at 02:46:50 PDT. This seismic event had a moment magnitude of 7.1 and occurred after around 20 foreshocks. The earthquake caused minimal damage due to the distance of its epicenter from any population centers, and it deformed nearby faults vertically and horizontally. 
This German road or road transport-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
MariJo Moore is a writer of mixed Cherokee, Dutch and Irish ancestry, who frequently draws upon Native American culture in her poetry. She won the title of Writer of the Year (2002) by the Wordcraft Circle of Native Writers and Storytellers, one of the most prestigious awards in the Native American literary world.
 Arumugam was an Indian politician and former Member of the Legislative Assembly. He was elected to the Tamil Nadu legislative assembly as an Indian National Congress candidate from Tirunelveli constituency in 1952 election. He was one of the victors from the constituency, the other being Somayajulu.
This article about an Indian National Congress politician from Tamil Nadu is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Xylastodoris is a genus of true bugs in the family Thaumastocoridae. There are at least two described species in Xylastodoris.
Love in a Wood; Or, St James's Park is a 1671 comedy play by the English writer William Wycherley. His debut play, it was first staged at the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane by the King's Company.
The original cast included Charles Hart as Ranger, Richard Bell as Vincent, Edward Kynaston as Valentine, John Lacy as Alderman Gripe, William Wintershall as Sir Simon Addleplot, Michael Mohun as Dapperwit, Elizabeth Boutell as Christina, Elizabeth Cox as Lydia, Mary Knep as  Lady Flippant, Katherine Corey as  Mrs Joyner and Elizabeth James as Isabel. The published version of the following year was dedicated to the Duchess of Cleveland, mistress of Charles II.
Born in Bologna, at the age of 15, he began training, despite the opposition of his family, under Carlo Antonio Rambaldi. When Rambaldi left for Turin in 1714, he moved to work under  Marcantonio Franceschini and his son Giacomo Franceschini. he stayed in that studio till 1729.
In 1729, he moved for three years to Poland, to paint for the House of Rzewuski in Lviv, where he completed a number of portraits and frescoes on sacred subjects for the Carmelite Church.
After a spell in Mantua, Sabbioneta, and Viadana, between 1726 and 1727, he was commissioned by Antonio Cavazza to paint Joseph retrieves the Silver Cup from Benjamin's Bag (now in Credito Romagnolo, Palazzo Magnani, Bologna).
Pedretti painted lunettes in the nave for the church of Basilica of San Domenico in Bologna. He painted altarpieces in the church of the Immaculate Conception of Crevalcore. One of his pupils was the wax sculptor Anna Morandi Manzolini.
He was named a member of the Accademia Clementina, and elected twice, the "prince" of the academy (1754 and 1770). His son, Vincenzo Pedretti, was also a figure painter in Bologna.
No Place Like Home is a BBC situation comedy series, created, and written by Jon Watkins. It was directed, produced by Robin Nash, starring William Gaunt and Patricia Garwood as Arthur and Beryl Crabtree. Arthur has a brand new life planned with Beryl now that the last of their four children have left home...or so he thinks! 
No Place Like Home was broadcast for five series between 1983 and 1987. Technically, six series were made, but  series 3 (7 episodes), which was intended for broadcast in 1985, was subsequently aired from January 1986, back to back with series 4 (6 episodes). This resulted in both of these series merging to become an extended series 3, with 13 episodes, ending in April 1986.
Later in October 1986, a new series 4 of seven  episodes aired, and a final fifth series of 8 episodes was broadcast in 1987. The sitcom featured the first regular roles on television for Martin Clunes and Marcia Warren.
The eldest Crabtree son, Paul, last appeared during series 4 and the character was not recast due to the death of actor Stephen Watson on his honeymoon during the filming of series 4. 
The first two series of No Place Like Home were released in 2006; the last three series have yet to be released.
Espen Hoff (born 20 November 1981) is a retired Norwegian professional footballer, born in Larvik. He is primarily a winger, but may also play as an attacking midfielder, whilst at Lyn he occasionally featured on the left wing. With 406 top division appearances, Hoff has made the sixth-highest number of appearances in Eliteserien.
Espen Hoff was signed from Odd Grenland before the start of the 2006 season in Norway. As a junior, he played for Larvik Turn, before moving to Skien and Odd Grenland in 1999.
At Odd Grenland, he scored 37 goals in 155 league matches, and additional 20 goals in 30 Norwegian Cup games. He also appeared in 6 European Cup games, without netting. He won the Norwegian Cup with Odd Grenland in 2000.
This biographical article related to a Norwegian association football midfielder is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Simeon and Margarita currently reside in what was Simeon's boyhood home, Vrana Palace, near Sofia.  It was returned to them by the Bulgarian Constitutional Court. The property is operated under an agreement with the Municipality of Sofia,[citation needed] which allows the use of part of the estate as a public park;[citation needed] in return, the remainder and residence have reverted to the ownership of the family.  The legality of this transaction is disputed by Bulgarian politicians.
WGMN is a news/talk broadcast radio station licensed to and serving Roanoke, Virginia. WGMN is owned and operated by Three Daughters Media. The station went on the air in 1946 as WROV-AM and broadcast a Contemporary hit radio format in the 1970s. WROV had a Golden Oldies format from 1989 to 1998, then became an ESPN affiliate and changed call letters to WGMN. The station switched to a news-talk format in June 2019.
Founded on the ruins of a Gallo-Roman villa named "Le Palat", and later a 17th-century leper colony, the estate was sharecropping land that came to the ownership of the Comte de Malet-Roquefort. The word "gaffet" translates to leper.
From 25 hectares the vineyard area extends 22 hectares, with a grape variety of 66% Merlot, and the remainder split between Cabernet Franc and Cabernet Sauvignon.
probably meaning "Birg, beloved of Selbrad", next to a drawing of an ibex or stag scratched into the stone from perhaps the same time, but whose the authenticity is also debated. The inscription was generally considered to be fake shortly after its discovery.
The discovery of a parallel inscription in grave 172 of the "Unterer Stollen" cemetery in Bad Krozingen in 2001, reading
revived discussions regarding the authenticity of the Kleines Schulerloch inscription. Still, in 2003, Looijenga concluded that the inscription is an obvious falsification. In 2012, Findell, accepting the Bad Krozingen inscription as genuine, noted that most scholars still objected to its authenticity and considered the Kleines Schulerloch inscription to be at least "suspect".
Cape Ann is a rocky cape in northeastern Massachusetts, United States on the Atlantic Ocean.  It is about 30 miles northeast of Boston and marks the northern limit of Massachusetts Bay. Cape Ann includes the city of Gloucester and the towns of Essex, Manchester-by-the-Sea and Rockport.
Cape Ann was first mapped by the explorer John Smith. He had given it the name Cape Tragabigzanda, after his mistress in Istanbul.[citation needed] He had been taken as a prisoner of war and enslaved in the Ottoman Empire. His mistress had fallen in love with him, but Smith later escaped in Russia.
When Smith presented his map to Charles I, he suggested that Charles should feel free to change any of the "barbarous names" (meaning the many Native American place names he had adopted) into English ones. The king made many such changes, but only four survive today. One was Cape Ann, which Charles named in honor of his mother Anne of Denmark.
This colony predated Massachusetts Bay charter and colony. For that reason, members of the colony were referred to as "old planters". The first Great House in New England was built on Cape Ann by the planters. This house was dismantled on the orders of John Endecott in 1628 and moved to Salem to serve as his "governor's" house. When Higginson arrived in Salem, he wrote that "we found a faire house newly built for the Governor" which was remarkable for being two stories high.
By 1634 the name of Cape Ann was already established, as it is mentioned and depicted on maps in William Wood's New England's Prospect first published in that year.
On November 18, 1755, Cape Ann was the epicenter of an earthquake, which is extremely rare for Massachusetts.  There were no seismographs at that time; but, based on available data, the tremor was estimated at magnitude 6.5. It caused serious damage in the Boston area, but no casualties.
By the mid-1800s, Cape Ann was known for its specialization in granite production, specifically in creating paving blocks for roads and streets and were used across the United States from New York to San Francisco.
The entirety of Cape Ann lies within Essex County. Anchored by the city of Gloucester, the nexus of the local fishing industry, other towns on Cape Ann include Rockport, at the tip of the cape, and the towns of Essex and Manchester-by-the-Sea, which are located where Cape Ann joins the mainland.
At the end of Cape Ann, and splitting Gloucester into two parts, is the Annisquam River. Many locals who live in Gloucester and Rockport refer to the land east of the Annisquam as "The Island".
Cape Ann is the location of the fictional town of Sea Harbor, the setting of the Seaside Knitters mysteries by author Sally Goldenbaum. Sea Harbor is on the coast, with Gloucester as its nearest neighbor town. Cape Ann is also featured as the setting for the Harry Chapin song "Dogtown," which is also the name for an abandoned town on the Cape.
The fictional "Gloucester Island" in 1966 Cold War comedy film The Russians Are Coming, the Russians Are Coming is located off Cape Ann and was named for the city of Gloucester.[citation needed]
The book Slaughterhouse Five mentions Cape Ann as the honeymoon location for the main character Billy Pilgrim.
The movie The Perfect Storm was filmed in Gloucester in 2000.   Setting out for the one last catch that will make up for a lackluster fishing season, Captain Billy Tyne (George Clooney) pushes his boat, the Andrea Gail, out to the waters of the Flemish Cap off Nova Scotia; based on actual events in 1991.
Cape Ann is the title of the fifth and final section of T. S. Eliot's poem, "Landscapes," which lists the coastal birds of the region. Additionally, the title of his poem The Dry Salvages refers to a cluster of rocks "off the N.E. coast of Cape Ann, Massachusetts."
The fictional town of Paradise, setting of the Jesse Stone novels, is near Cape Ann, which is briefly mentioned in Night and Day.
The Global Energy and Water Exchanges project (abbreviated GEWEX, formerly named the Global Energy and Water Cycle Experiment from 1990 to 2012) is an international research project and a core project of the World Climate Research Programme (WCRP).
In the beginning, the project intended to observe, comprehend and model the Earth's water cycle. The experiment also observes how much energy the Earth receives, studies how much of that energy reaches surfaces of the Earth and how that energy is transformed. Sunlight's energy evaporates water to produce clouds and rain, and dries out land masses after rain. Rain that falls on land becomes the water budget which can be used by people for agricultural and other processes.
GEWEX is organized into several structures. As GEWEX was conceived projects were organized by participating factions, this task is now done by the International GEWEX Project Office (IGPO). IGPO oversees major initiatives and coordinates between national projects in an effort to bring about communication between researchers. IGPO claims to support communication exchange between 2000 scientist and is the instrument for publication of major reports.
Another example is the floods that hit the Midwest U.S. in 1993. The energy that drove moisture into the air occurred in the Gulf, and strong winds and lack of cooling in coastal regions permitted the moisture to travel 1000 miles until conditions were ripe for rain. As the rain fell it cooled the air and dissipated heat, and as new moisture arrived, the process continued. When the sun did come out, it heated wet ground, which created more rain.
Aerosols over the ocean can cause a lack of sufficient heat in the middle of the day to create sufficiently humid air. When the air reaches land, which may be warmer, there may be inadequate convection and other processes to create rains, and this can cause droughts. To better see these events progress, scientists need data and models to see what elements of the data are most useful in determining rainfall.
GEWEX is being implemented in phases. The first phase comprises information gathering, modelling, predictions, and advancement of observation techniques and is complete. The second phase addresses several scientific questions such as prediction capacity, changes in Earth's water cycle, and the impact on water resources.
One of the biggest impacts of the Aerosol analysis has been the demonstration of the fairly large impact of anthropogenic aerosols, smoke patterns, even daily ripples of aerosols can be observed off the coasts of some developing nations and extend hundreds of miles over surrounding oceans. Some have questioned whether this aerosol pollution is partly to blame for long-term drought in places like the African Sahel.
There are three panels in GEWEX: The Coordinated Energy and Water Cycle Observations Project (CEOP), GEWEX Radiation Panel (GRP), and GEWEX Modeling and Prediction Panel (GMPP).
The Coordinated Energy and Water Cycle Observations Project (CEOP) is the largest of the panel projects. There are several regional project areas most of these are now covered by CEOP
GEWEX Radiation panel (GRP) is a collaborative organization with a goal of reviewing theoretical and experimental knowledge of radiative processes within the climate system. Sixty percent of the energy that comes to Earth from the Sun is transformed by the earth. The goals of this collaboration is to determine how energy is transformed as it inevitably is radiated back into space.
At the onset of GEWEX there was inadequate information on how radiation redistributed, both horizontally and vertically.
BSRN is a global system of less than 40 widely spread radiation measuring devices designed to measure changes in radiation at the Earth's surface. The information obtained is stored at the World Radiation Monitoring Center (WRMC) at the ETH (Zurich).
Established by Radiation Sciences Program(NASA) and GEWEX in 1998 to analyze satellite and field data to determine the distribution of aerosols, how they are formed, transformed and transported.
The GEWEX cloud assessment was initiated by the GEWEX Radiation Panel (GRP) in 2005 to evaluate the reliability of available, global, long-term cloud data products, with a special emphasis on ISCCP.  
GEWEX Atmospheric Boundary Layer Study (GABLS) is a more recent addition to GEWEX. The study is tasked with understanding the physical properties of the atmospheric boundary layers for better models which include representation of boundary layers.
Global Land/Atmosphere System Study (GLASS) tries to understand the impact on land surface parameters on the atmosphere. Changes in land as a result of natural and man-made activities results in the ability to alter the local climate and affect wind and cloud formation.
The Poland women's national under-20 volleyball team represents Poland in international women's volleyball competitions and friendly matches under the age 20 and it is ruled by the Polish Volleyball Federation That is an affiliate of Federation of International Volleyball FIVB and also a part of European Volleyball Confederation CEV.
Kirill Knyazev (born June 9, 1983) is a Russian professional ice hockey player, who currently plays for Izhstal Izhevsk in the Supreme Hockey League (VHL). He is a veteran of 331 games in the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL) spanning 7 clubs.
This biographical article relating to a Russian ice hockey winger is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
AudioDamn! is a Soul/Pop/Rock trio from Germany. The band made up of Austrians Oliver "Oli" Wimmer (vocals/guitar) and Ali Grumeth (guitar/bass/vocals) and German Daniel "Mudi" Mudrack was formed in 2011 in Mannheim, Germany. They released their self-titled debut EP AudioDamn! EP on Jan 8, 2016 featuring the singles "Radar" and "Lights Out". The band is signed to the Epic Records label since 2015.
In November 2015, the band was picked as Elvis Duran's Artist of the Month and was featured on NBC's Today show broadcast nationally in the United States where they performed live their single "Radar".  
His first coaching job didn't last very long as Taylor left Harvard after the 1969-70 season to continue his playing career. Two years later he returned to coaching for good, helping the newly appointed Bill Cleary reach the frozen four in both 1974 and 1975. A year later, after recording the two worst records in Yale's history, Paul Lufkin was relieved of his duties and Taylor was tabbed as his successor.
Taylor's health began to decline in later years and he was eventually diagnosed with cancer. He lost his fight against the disease on April 27, 2013, but not before he was able to witness Yale, the team he had coached for almost three decades, win its first national title under former assistant Keith Allain, which it was able to do two weeks before Taylor's death.
Just before World War II she was a champion swimmer holding several Dutch East Indies swim records as well as Asian swimming records.
After the war she became an artist having studied art at school. She also was an artist and interned in the Japanese camps of World War II. She survived as did a number of her colour illustrations reflecting camp life in the women's camp and now at the museum Museon.
Her other work produced after the war is in private hands. She was not prolific due to family responsibilities but with her habit of illustrating her letters to her very large correspondence contacts has ensured that her work is well spread and in many hands.
The shooting of Christopher Penley, a 15-year-old boy, occurred on January 13, 2006, at Milwee Middle School in Longwood, Florida. During class, Penley took out an Airsoft gun that was designed to look realistic. Penley ran from the room and eventually entered a restroom area.  SWAT officers arrived on the scene and tried to negotiate with him. Penley pointed the Airsoft gun at an officer, who responded by shooting Penley.
He was transported to Orlando Regional Medical Center where he remained on life support for two days before dying of his wounds. Several of his organs were removed and used as transplants. Seminole County Sheriff Don Eslinger said the boy was suicidal and would not respond to negotiators who tried to talk him down in the bathroom.
Some students at the school told the media after the incident that they knew he had "something planned". Police have been criticized for initiating action instead of waiting for Penley's father to arrive so that his father might convince him to surrender. The Orlando Sentinel reported that Ralph Penley was not told of events until after his son was shot. The Florida Department of Law Enforcement investigated the shooting and found it entirely justified, as Penley aimed a weapon at the deputy.
Penley's organs were donated by his family. His death gave nine people vital organs. Christopher Penley has also had a game room at the Landmark Church dedicated to him and a Youth center. The youth center the Adolescent Life Coaching Center opened in honor of Christopher Penley's memory and to give a place for the voice of youth to be heard.
Penley's family filed a lawsuit against police; however, a judge dismissed the suit after determining that the shooting was justified.
An England team toured Australia between November 1920 and March 1921.  The tour was organised by the Marylebone Cricket Club and matches outside the Tests were played under the MCC name.  The tour itinerary consisted of 13 first-class matches, including a series of 5 Test matches against Australia in which The Ashes were at stake.
The tour was the first to have Test status after the First World War. It followed tours by the Australian Imperial Forces cricket team which played a number of first-class matches in England, South Africa and Australia immediately after the war. The last Ashes series had been the 1912 Triangular Tournament held in England that year.
Although the tourists were relatively successful in their first-class matches against the Australian state teams, losing only one, the Test series "resulted, as everyone knows, in disaster" and England became the first team ever to lose every match in a five-Test series.
Wisden commented that the chief cause of England's failure was the bowling, because all of the bowlers used were expensive and recorded high averages. Much has been made of Australia's ability to recover from the effects of the war more quickly than England and Wisden commented that "English cricket had not had time to regain its pre-war standard".
When the party was originally selected, Reggie Spooner was invited to be the team captain but he was obliged to stand down for domestic reasons.  Vallance Jupp had been selected too but was unable to travel.  Jupp's withdrawal was shortly before departure and meant that his replacement Bill Hitch had to catch a later boat than the main party.  There was another withdrawal when Jack Hearne was taken ill during the Second Test and could not play again that season.
There was a controversy over Rockley Wilson who sent match reports by cable to the Daily Express.  As a result, MCC resolved at a meeting the following May to bar players from reporting on matches in which they were involved.
Australia used 14 players in the Test series.  Eight players took part in all five matches including the captain Warwick Armstrong.
The English team had a stopover in Colombo en route to Australia and played a one-day single-innings match there against the Ceylon national team, which at that time did not have Test status.
Schreiner took his examen artium at Christiania Cathedral School in 1849, and graduated from the Royal Frederick University with the cand.philol. degree in 1855. He studied in Berlin for one year and also worked as a teacher of the secondary school Nissens Latin- og Realskole.
Schneiner started his own school in 1859, but sold it in 1862 to work for a year as a research fellow at the university. He wrote his only academic paper, Om Forholdet mellom rythmus og metrum, but it was not published until 1866, when Schreiner had returned to the school system. Schreiner worked at Christiania Cathedral School from 1863 to 1872. From 1870, he was acting principal while Frederik Ludvig Vibe was ill. 
In 1872, Schreiner was made the principal at Skien Latinskole a post he held until 1876. He was at Drammen Latinskole from 1877 to 1893 and Kristiania Cathedral School (the school had changed spelling) from 1894 to 1907.
Schreiner was a Commander, Second Class of the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav. Despite having only worked one year at a university, as research fellow, Schreiner was also made a member of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters from 1887. He was also invited to sit on the assessment committee for professor candidates at the university. In December 1875, he was a part of the majority of the committee which appointed Johan Peter Weisse as professor, in preference to Jan Johanssen.
The Sixers had acquired the first overall draft pick from the Boston Celtics on June 19, four days before the 2017 NBA draft began in exchange for their third overall draft pick that year (which became Jayson Tatum) and another first round pick in 2019, their own or the Kings which ever is better (Sixers would get the pick if it was #1 overall). They used the 2017 first overall pick to select Markelle Fultz, who missed most of his rookie season due to injuries.
The compound was first synthesized by Horst Prinzbach and his associates in 1987, by a 14-step sequence starting from isodrin. In the process they also synthesized [2.2.1.1]pagodane C22H24 and several derivatives.
Prinzbach remarked that "the obvious need for [the short name 'pagodane'] can be readily understood in view of the von Baeyer/IUPAC and Chemical Abstracts nomenclature", undecacyclo[9.9.0.01,5.02,12.02,18.03,7.06,10.08,12.011,15.013,17.016,20]icosane.
The scheme depicted here may be shortened to 14 one-pot operations with 24% overall yield. Yet, this variation requires the use of tetrachlorothiophenedioxide instead of tetrachloro-dimethoxycyclopentadiene in two of the early steps. While lesser steps and higher yield look attractive at first sight, this approach had to be given up due to high cost and restricted availability of the dioxide.
Cardiff Bay Barrage (Welsh: Morglawdd Bae Caerdydd) lies across the mouth of Cardiff Bay, Wales between Queen Alexandra Dock and Penarth Head. It was one of the largest civil engineering projects in Europe during construction in the 1990s.
The origin of the scheme dates back to a visit by Nicholas Edwards, the Secretary of State for Wales, to the largely-derelict Cardiff docklands in the early 1980s. An avid opera enthusiast, Edwards envisaged a scheme to revitalise the area incorporating new homes, shops, restaurants and, as a centrepiece, an opera house at the waterside. However the tidal nature of Cardiff Bay, exposing extensive mudflats save for two hours either side of high water, was seen as aesthetically unappealing.
Edwards credited the solution to this perceived problem to a Welsh Office civil servant, Freddie Watson. Watson proposed building a barrage stretching across the mouth of Cardiff Bay from Cardiff Docks to Penarth, which would impound freshwater from the rivers Ely and Taff to create a large freshwater lake, thus providing permanent high water. By making the area more appealing, investment was to be attracted to the docklands.
The development was also inspired by the redevelopment of Baltimore Inner Harbor in the US, where a largely derelict port area was transformed into a thriving commercial district and tourist attraction.
The barrage was consequently seen as central to the regeneration project. In 1987, prior to approval of the construction of the barrage, the Cardiff Bay Development Corporation was established to proceed with redeveloping the docklands, a sixth of the entire area of the city of Cardiff.
In November 1999, the barrage was completed, with the sluice gates closed at high water, to retain the seawater from the Bristol Channel within the 500 acre (200 hectare) bay.
At first major water quality problems ensued which required the bay to be drained dry overnight and refilled each day.[citation needed]
Eventually, oxygenation systems (based on those used at the Swansea Barrage) were installed which improved water quality and allowed the composition of the bay to become entirely freshwater, the only saltwater ingress being that from the three locks providing access to and from the severn estuary for the proliferating number of boats using Cardiff Bay. This salt water sinks to the bottom of the bay which is then sucked back out to sea via a trainage basin connected to a salt water shaft.  
The Cardiff Bay Development Corporation was wound up on 31 March 2000, handing over control of the completed project to Cardiff Council. Soon afterwards the plaque at the Penarth end of the barrage was removed and an entirely new plaque erected midway along the barrage. The new plaque made no mention of Cardiff Bay Development Authority. The bronze figure of the CBDC symbol of the mermaid, however, remained on the roundabout, at the entrance to the Penarth end of the barrage.
The barrage has played an important role in the regeneration of the area. Attractions such as the Wales Millennium Centre, the National Assembly for Wales, shopping and watersports have since moved onto the waterfront. In 2000 the Cardiff Bay Development Corporation was dissolved, and the Welsh Assembly awarded a contract to Cardiff County Council to manage the barrage, as Cardiff Harbour Authority (CHA).
The Cardiff Bay Barrage has won awards as a feat of engineering from the British Construction Industry and achieved the Institution of Civil Engineers Brunel Medal.
The bronze mermaid which stands on the roundabout at the Penarth end of the barrage was designed by Cardiff graphics artist Roger Fickling and comprised the official logo of the Cardiff Bay Development Corporation. It was installed on Vale of Glamorgan land because of tensions between the CBDC and Cardiff Council (see above).
The freshwater lake had problems with blue-green algae initially which made it impossible to swim in the water or participate in water sports. These issues have now largely been resolved though some toxic algae remain in some of the dock areas in the bay.
Desisa quadriplagiata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1938. It is known from India.
Dmitriyevka is located 29 km north of Liski (the district's administrative centre) by road. Pochepskoye is the nearest rural locality.
Directors of the series including several renowned Hong Kong directors such as Ann Hui, Allen Fong and Derek Yee.
Originally, the show was filmed in black and white, and each episode lasted only 15 minutes. It was later expanded to 30 minutes per episode. Starting 1978, each episode lasted 60 minutes. In May 2006, a new season comprising 10 episodes started to air on TVB Jade.
The film was produced and directed by R. Padmanaban. P. Neelakantan wrote the screenplay and dialogues. The film was shot at Modern Theatres.
Lyrics were penned by Palavangkudi Sama, S. G. Chellappa Iyer, Udumalai Narayana Kavi and T. K. Sundara Vathiyar. No music composer was credited. 2 songs sung by Kothamangalam Seenu - Bhoomi Iyarkai Kaana Kaana and Kalai Gnaaname Arulvaai became popular.
This article about a Tamil-language film of the 1940s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Yekar was elected from the Daporijo constituency in the 2014 Arunachal Pradesh Legislative Assembly election, standing as an Indian National Congress candidate.
The militants stopped the two trains about a kilometre from Ludhiana station by pulling their emergency cords, triggering emergency brakes. They proceeded to open fire inside the trains at around 9:35 p.m. (IST), killing at least 80 passengers.
On the second train, the Dhuri-Hisar passenger train, the militants fired indiscriminately. After the attackers fled, the train moved back to Badduwal station, where the rescue team arrived with doctors. Local villagers helped the survivors with food, water, medicine, and mental support.
The attacks came less than five hours after polling closed in a national election already marred by violence and interrupted by the assassination of ex-Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi around a month prior.
Later that year, in December 1991, militants killed 49 more passengers, mostly Hindus, travelling on train from Ludhiana to Ferozepur.
Wire binding is a popular commercial book binding method, and is known by a number of different names including twin loop wire, wire-o, double loop wire, double-o, ring wire and wirebind. With this binding method, users insert their punched pages onto a "C" shaped spine and then use a wire closer to squeeze the spine until it is round. Documents that are bound with wire binding will open completely flat on a desk and allow for 360 degree rotation of bound pages.
There are three common hole patterns used in binding documents with double loop wire.  Each hole pattern has specific sizes and applications where it is best suited.  Here is a quick overview of the different options.
Filippo Guastavillani was born in Bologna on September 28, 1541, the son of Bolognese patricians Angelo Michele Guastavillani and Giacoma Boncompagni. His mother was the sister of Pope Gregory XIII. He was the cousin of Cardinal Filippo Boncompagni.
As a young man, he received the tonsure in Bologna.  There, he was a member of the Council of the Forty from 1571 to 1576.  He was also Bologna's Gonfaloniere of Justice.
He participated in the papal conclave of 1585 that elected Pope Sixtus V. The new pope named him Governor of Montis Castelli Tudertini in 1585.  On January 7, 1587, Cardinal Guastavillani opted for the deaconry of Sant'Eustachio. He was the Camerlengo of the Holy Roman Church from May 14, 1584 until his death.  He was also Governor of Bologna and Ferrara.
He died in Rome on August 17, 1587. He was initially buried in Santi Apostoli.  The next year, his remains were transferred to Bologna and buried in the Church of San Francesco.
Plagiomimicus mimica is a species of moth in the family Noctuidae (the owlet moths). It is found in North America.
This biographical article related to a Brazilian association football forward born in the 1980s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Markham studied at the University of Oxford and taught there for 40 years. He was Fellow and History Tutor at Hertford College, Oxford, from 1931 until 1973.
Markham corresponded with film director Stanley Kubrick over a never-realised project of Kubrick's on Napoleon Bonaparte.
The San Francisco Residence Parks are located in the western neighborhoods of San Francisco. The first of the master-planned residence parks to be built on the West side of the city was Presidio Terrace in 1905. This was followed by St. Francis Wood, Sea Cliff, Lincoln Manor, West Clay Park, Forest Hill, Balboa Terrace, Ingleside Terraces, and Jordan Park.
After the 1906 earthquake and fire in San Francisco, residence parks in San Francisco were promoted to white collar residents as an alternative to new housing developments in the East Bay and South Bay Peninsula.  Sales increased significantly in the 1920s, and by the 1930s most tracts in San Francisco residence parks were already constructed.
Sidi Yaya Keita (born 20 March 1985) is a Malian former professional footballer who played as a defensive midfielder.
Keita's cousin, Seydou Keita, was also a footballer and a midfielder. He too represented Lens and, with great individual and team success, also played for FC Barcelona.
Ebb and Flow (also called ebb flood and flood drain) are two phases of the tide or any similar movement of water. The ebb is the outgoing phase, when the tide drains away from the shore, and the flow is the incoming phase when water rises again.  The terms are also common in figurative use.
Ebb and Flow is a form of hydroponics that is known for its simplicity,  reliability of operation and low initial investment cost.  Pots are filled with an inert medium which does not function like soil or contribute nutrition to the plants but which anchors the roots and functions as a temporary reserve of water and solvent mineral nutrients. The hydroponic solution alternately floods the system and is allowed to ebb away.
E&F utilizes the fact that the solution is not left in constant contact with the roots of plants, to avoid the need for oxygenating or chilling of the solution. Instead it relies on characteristics of root function to provide passive oxygenation at a high level which tends to suppress pathogen growth.
Simplicity is maintained through usage of a single, two-directional path for the solution. Water flows in and out using the same tube. When the pump has raised water into the tray, briefly submerging the roots, the pump is rendered inactive using a switch, typically a timer, and the water flows back down the same tube. This eliminates the need for more than one sealed fitting and reduces overall complexity of the system. 
Aeration of an ebb and flood system is an important aspect of its operation. Automatic displacement eliminates air which has been de-oxygenated by the roots as the water rises to its highest flood stage. When the pump turns off, gravity pulls the water downwards, which re-exposes the space around the roots to the air.
Ebb and flow hydroponic systems are also quiet, while using less power than other hydroponic systems, which means that they can be used in environments where acoustic signature and excessive plumbing is objectionable, such as residential or classroom applications where space is at a premium.
Ebb and flow systems are flexible, with few practical drawbacks. Though typically known for compact cultivation of plants having smaller stature, it has been used for growing large plants, using buckets ranging in size from 1 gallon to 5 gallons, making use of high-volume pumps such as those in large aquariums, decorative fountains and koi ponds. 
A second drawback is that the roots tend to grow together, meaning removal of harvested or damaged plants can be somewhat problematic in plants having well-developed root systems. Commercial crops harvested at one time are somewhat immune to concerns related to that aspect of the system, but in the event of pathogenic invasion the problem can quickly spread, as all the roots share the same flood source.
Sami Ullah Khan is a Pakistani politician who is member-elect of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab.
He was elected to the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab as a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) from Constituency PP-144 (Lahore-I) in 2002 Pakistani general election.
He was re-elected to the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (N) from Constituency PP-144 (Lahore-I) in 2018 Pakistani general election.
This article about a Member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Truman is an unincorporated community located in the town of Kendall, Lafayette County, Wisconsin, United States. Truman is located on Truman Road, County Highway Z, and County Highway O.
This article about a location in Lafayette County, Wisconsin is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Justice David H. Souter delivered the opinion of the Court. The Court considered the interaction between prior sexual harassment cases and the Restatement of Agency, and found that the City is responsible for the employer's actions based on Title VII, subject to an affirmative defense.
Koch was born in Charleston, Illinois, and spent his youth in Indianapolis before attending Northwestern University. He published a book of poetry, I'll Remember Indiana, in 1948, and a book about Indiana basketball, Tournament Trail, in 1950. Later with Mad he published four books under the magazine's imprint. Koch moved to California in 1957, and was married three times.
Koch was also one of the primary writers for radio performers Bob and Ray. It was this association that brought him to the attention of Mad when some of the show's scripts were reproduced in the magazine with caricatures of the star duo drawn by Mort Drucker. Mad eventually published ten Bob & Ray articles in the space of a year and a half, but Koch went on to write more than 300 other pieces for the magazine between 1958 and 1995 on a variety of subjects.
Koch's professional association with the duo lasted 33 years, though contact was infrequent. Bob Elliott recalled that he and Ray Goulding would only learn where their ongoing storyline segments were headed next by ripping open the envelopes mailed in by Koch: "It was great when the Tom Koch package arrived." Following Koch's death, Elliott told the New York Times that he had only met Koch three times, and that Goulding had met him just once.
In 1965, Mad #95 included "43-Man Squamish", written by Koch and illustrated by George Woodbridge. The absurdist article detailed the convoluted rules of an imaginary sport, and made enough of an impression to be mentioned in both men's New York Times obituaries, including the first sentence of Koch's.
In the article, new terminology is introduced with no explanation; much of the humor derives from the reader's half-successful attempts at gleaning a meaning from context. Exactly what everyone on the team is supposed to do, exactly what penalties apply, and exactly when or why the "yellow caution flag" is to be flown remains far from clear, even after repeated readings.
The teams must play a sudden-death overtime to break a tie, unless both Left Overblats are out of the game on personal fouls. If this is the case, the tie is settled by the teams lining up on opposite sides of the flutney (inherently difficult on a pentagonal shape) and shouting dirty limericks at each other until one side breaks up laughing.
When an insufficient number of players precludes a regulation 43-Man Squamish match, a simplified version may be played: 2-Man Squamish. The rules are identical, except in 2-Man Squamish, the object is to lose.
There is a brief reference to 43-Man Squamish as a Trivial Pursuit question in the "Weird Al" Yankovic video "White and Nerdy" (2006).
In Endymion, by Dan Simmons, the narrator describes himself dodging pursuers "like a deep brooder on a forty-three man squamish team herding the goat in for the goal."
For Mad issue #241 (Sept. 1983) Koch followed up with a similarly unplayable board game which he named Three Cornered Pitney. The four pages of rules featured illustrations by Jack Davis.
Warren Easton Charter High School is a secondary school in New Orleans, Louisiana. The Warren Easton Charter Foundation governs the school, which is chartered by New Orleans Public Schools.
The school was founded in 1843 as Boys High School. It was the first high school in the State of Louisiana and as a public school was formed to educate the working-class population of the city of New Orleans. By 1855 the school had expanded to four locations. After the Civil War in 1867, the four Boys High Schools were merged into Consolidated Boys High School.[citation needed]
Prior to 2005, the school was directly under the authority of the Orleans Parish School Board. In 2005, as Hurricane Katrina was about to hit, the New Orleans Regional Transit Authority (RTA) designated Easton as a place where people could receive transportation to the Louisiana Superdome, a shelter of last resort. After Hurricane Katrina hit New Orleans, the school was closed for one year.
In 2006, the school re-opened as a charter school and became Warren Easton Charter High School. n 2007, actress Sandra Bullock adopted the school. Bullock contributed thousands of dollars to the school and also helped to build an on-campus health clinic.
In the 1930s the school hosted German language classes for adults. Chinese and Spanish are offered to students as a foreign language as of 2015.
In May 2011 Little Roy collaborated with Prince Fatty and the Mutant Hi-Fi to record Sliver/Dive cover of Nirvana's early single. An album of Nirvana songs, Battle for Seattle, was released in September 2011 on Ark Recordings.
World University was an accredited university based in Puerto Rico, which was in operation from 1965 to 1989.
World University was a dynamic, innovative unmatched[original research?] institution of higher learning. One of its unique[original research?] courses, Dev. of World Cultures was unparalleled[original research?] introducing the students to a universe of knowledge in the fields of religion, music, philosophy, science, and technology. Dr. Lorraine Casby, Ph.D, Ed.D. was one of its leaders.
This Caribbean-related university, college or other education institution article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Kentucky State Treasurer is elected every four years along with the governor and other statewide officials. The treasurer, who can serve two terms, acts as the state's chief elected fiscal officer. The salary is $110,000 a year. 
The current treasurer, Allison Ball of Prestonsburg, Kentucky, is the first Republican elected to the post since 1944. She succeeded the term-limited Democrat Todd Hollenbach of Louisville, who instead became the 30th District Court judge.
A Manager was any of a set of specialized components of the classic Mac OS operating system, including those that comprised the Macintosh Toolbox. Each of these Managers was responsible for handling system calls from applications running on the Macintosh, and could be built into the ROM or be loaded into RAM by the system.
Many of these Managers and their functions have been ported to or re-implemented in the Carbon application frameworks. Some of the Managers included in various versions of the Mac OS include:
The 1993 Princeton Tigers football team was an American football team that represented Princeton University during the 1993 NCAA Division I-AA football season. Princeton finished third in the Ivy League.
Though unranked in the preseason national rankings, Princeton's seven-game win streak to open the season saw it enter the weekly top 25 in mid-October, reaching as high as No. 16. After its season-ending loss to unranked Dartmouth, Princeton dropped out of the poll and ended the year unranked.
Princeton played its home games at Palmer Stadium on the university campus in Princeton, New Jersey.
In 1974, Mustaqi was selected for the first time as a representative in the People's Assembly as part of the eighth legislative term until  the 12th legislature in 1992. During mid-80's, he was appointed First Deputy Minister of Defence. During the 9th Congress of the Party in November 1986, he succeeded as candidate-member of the Politburo of the Party of Labour of Albania, and eventually rose in July 1990 as member of the Politburo, where he remained until June 1991.
"The Good Ones" is the season premiere of the eighth season of the American television police sitcom series Brooklyn Nine-Nine, and the 144th overall episode of the series. The episode was written by executive producer David Phillips and co-producer Dewayne Perkins and directed by co-executive producer Cortney Carrillo. It aired on August 12, 2021, on NBC, airing back-to-back with the follow-up episode, "The Lake House".
The episode received positive reviews from critics, who praised the show's take on the George Floyd protests, although some were still skeptical about its approach to the themes it raised.
In June 2020, amidst the COVID-19 pandemic, Rosa (Stephanie Beatriz) announces that she is quitting the precinct and her career after the George Floyd protests. Jake's (Andy Samberg) reaction accidentally starts a chain of events in the precinct that culminates with a blackout.
In July 2021, it was announced that the first episode of the season would be titled "The Good Ones" and that David Phillips and Dewayne Perkins would serve as writers, while Cortney Carrillo would direct.
Brian Tallerico of Vulture gave the episode a 4 star rating out of 5 and wrote, "The season premiere of Brooklyn Nine-Nine needed to feel familiar to fans of the show while recognizing how the world has changed since it debuted nearly a decade ago. The writers pulled off that tricky dynamic; now let's see if they can maintain the balancing act for the entire final stretch or if this season will be one of the bad ones."
Born in 1939 in Nassawadox, Virginia, Elmore attended the University of Richmond. He was a retired businessman who was the owner and chief executive officer of Shore Disposal, Inc., of Maryland's Eastern Shore, from 1965 to 1998.
Delegate Elmore had been a member of House of Delegates since January 8, 2003. He served on the House Ways and Means Committee and its revenue subcommittee. He was also the 2005 chair of the Maryland Rural Caucus.
After initially filing to run for reelection, Elmore withdrew from the race in late June 2010 while spending several days in the hospital receiving treatment for a cracked vertebra he suffered the previous winter.
Thorkildsen was born on 19 July 1845 in Christianssand, Norway to parents Gunvald Christian Thorkildsen and Berte Thorkildsen.  He married Johanne Dich, the daughter of the parish priest Sigismund Christian Dich.
Palestine: Peace Not Apartheid is a New York Times Best Seller book written by 39th President of the United States Jimmy Carter. It was published by Simon & Schuster in November 2006.
The ultimate purpose of my book is to present facts about the Middle East that are largely unknown in America, to precipitate discussion and to help restart peace talks (now absent for six years) that can lead to permanent peace for Israel and its neighbors.  Another hope is that Jews and other Americans who share this same goal might be motivated to express their views, even publicly, and perhaps in concert. I would be glad to help with that effort.
 Some Israelis believe they have the right to confiscate and colonize Palestinian land and try to justify the sustained subjugation and persecution of increasingly hopeless and aggravated Palestinians; and
  Some Palestinians react by honoring suicide bombers as martyrs to be rewarded in heaven and consider the killing of Israelis as victories.
To bring an end to what he calls "this continuing tragedy", in Chapter 17 ("Summary"), Carter calls for a revitalization of the peace process based on the following three "key requirements":
a. The security of Israel must be guaranteed ...  b. The internal debate within Israel must be resolved in order to define Israel's permanent legal boundary ...
c. The sovereignty of all Middle East nations and sanctity of international borders must be honored ...
"It's not Israel. The book has nothing to do with what's going on inside Israel which is a wonderful democracy, you know, where everyone has guaranteed equal rights and where, under the law, Arabs and Jews who are Israelis have the same privileges about Israel.  That's been most of the controversy because people assume it's about Israel. It's not.
"I've never alleged that the framework of apartheid existed within Israel at all, and that what does exist in the West Bank is based on trying to take Palestinian land and not on racism. So it was a very clear distinction."
In his op-ed "Reiterating the Keys to Peace", published in The Boston Globe on 20 December 2006, Carter summarizes "[s]ome major points in the book":
Critics claim that Carter crossed the line into anti-Semitism. Abraham Foxman, the national director of the Anti-Defamation League, initially accused Carter of "engaging in anti-Semitism" in the book; Foxman told James Traub later that he would not call the former president himself an "anti-Semite" or a "bigot". Ethan Bronner also asserted that Carter's "overstatement" in the book "hardly adds up to anti-Semitism."
Carter has responded to negative reviews in the mainstream news media in an op-ed published in the Los Angeles Times (which was excerpted in The Guardian and elsewhere):
He also wrote a "Letter to Jewish Citizens of America" explaining "his use of the term 'apartheid' and sympathizing with Israelis who fear terrorism."
On 26 December 2006, WCVB-TV (an ABC-TV affiliate), reported that "[a]bout 100 students, faculty and alumni of Brandeis University have signed an online petition to push the administration to bring former President Carter to campus to discuss his new book on Palestine, without being required to debate it."
The Boston Globe reported that since it initially revealed "that Carter felt unwelcome on the Waltham campus, people have argued over whether he is unwilling to answer for his views, or whether Brandeis, which was founded by the American Jewish community, can't tolerate criticism of Israel. The latter is a view that some professors hope they can dispel by reviving the Carter visit."
The speech, which occurred on 23 January 2007, was "closed to the public and limited to 'members of the university community only'"; nevertheless, Dershowitz said that he still planned to "attend and question Carter": "'I will be the first person to have my hand up to ask him a question,' he said. 'I guarantee that they won't stop me from attending.'"
 On 18 January 2007 news outlets reported Brandeis's announcement that while Dershowitz could not attend Carter's speech, after it ended he would have the stage for a "rebuttal."
As a result of the visit, major donors told Brandeis University that they would no longer give it money in "retaliation", according to Stuart Eizenstat, chief domestic policy adviser and executive director of the White House Domestic Policy Staff during Carter's presidency and a current trustee of Brandeis, as quoted in The Jewish Week in mid-February 2007.
On 22 February 2007 Carter participated in a "conversation" about Palestine Peace Not Apartheid with former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright at the Carter Center, moderated by Conflict Resolution Program Director Matthew Hodes. The event sold out in early January 2007. It was simultaneously webcast in the Carter Center's online "multi-media" section, and the Center's website now includes a direct link to the "archived webcast."
In the 2008 Constituent Assembly election he was elected from the Panchthar-1 constituency, winning 12920 votes.
In 1984, he was accepted as a member of Spanish prestigious national ballet company. He traveled the world with the Spanish National Ballet, performing in important venues such as the Metropolitan Opera House (Lincoln Center) of New York and the Kremlin Palace in Moscow. During his stint with the Spanish National Ballet, he also became a principal solo performer known for his phenomenal stamina and athleticism.
The line was electrified in three stages, with the section between Bern and Wylerfeld being electrified in 1919. The SBB electrification of the line to Thun in 1927 meant that the line to Zollikofen was also electrified. The remainder to Biel was electrified before 1928.
The bar-bellied pitta (Hydrornis elliotii) is a species of bird in the family Pittidae. It is found in Cambodia, Laos, Thailand, and Vietnam.  Its natural habitat is seasonal tropical forest.
Mohamed Ouattara is an Ivorian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Sudanese club Al-Hilal Club.
This biographical article related to football in Ivory Coast is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Born in Utica, New York, Beekman moved to Hawaii as a young man in the early 1930s and lived there the remainder of his life. Severe deafness, which began at the age of 16, and the Great Depression kept him from going to college as a young man. He became fluent in the Japanese language, enabling him to write about the Japanese experience from Japanese language sources not available in English. He also became a scholar in Japanese immigrant history.[citation needed]
He was a reporter for the Honolulu Star-Bulletin and later wrote features and a weekly book review for more than 20 years at Pacific Citizen, a weekly newspaper directed to Americans of Japanese descent. Beekman championed the rights of Japanese Americans with articles and letters to the editor of Honolulu dailies, along with local political commentaries.
Beekman married Take Okawa, a former Japanese-language schoolteacher educated in Tokyo and Hawaii, who collaborated with her husband on several Japanese immigrant stories.
Several of the stories in Hawaiian Tales, published in 1972, dealt with pre-, post-, and wartime experiences of Japanese immigrants.
Anthony Wilson (born 8 October 1947) is a Trinidadian vocalist, bass guitarist and songwriter, best known for his time with soul and funk band Hot Chocolate. He co-wrote the Hot Chocolate hits "Love Is Life", "Emma",  "Brother Louie" and "You Sexy Thing".
Wilson was born in Trinidad, and was involved with music from the age of 16. He was a member of the group Soul Brothers, who released three singles. He was a founding member of Hot Chocolate in 1968, and left the band in 1976. Wilson is credited with persuading Hot Chocolate's lead singer Errol Brown to commit his songwriting ideas to paper. He shared lead vocal duties with Brown on Hot Chocolate's early hits.
AH receptor-interacting protein (AIP) also known as aryl hydrocarbon receptor-interacting protein, immunophilin homolog ARA9, or HBV X-associated protein 2 (XAP-2) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the AIP gene. The protein is a member of the FKBP family.
AIP may play a positive role in aryl hydrocarbon receptor-mediated signalling possibly by influencing its receptivity for ligand and/or its nuclear targeting. AIP is the cellular negative regulator of the hepatitis B virus (HBV) X protein. Further, it's been known to suppress antiviral signaling and the induction of type I interferon by targeting IRF7, a key player in the antiviral signal pathways. AIP consists of an N-terminal FKBP52 like domain and a C-terminal TPR domain. 
AIP mutations may be the cause of a familial form of acromegaly, familial isolated pituitary adenoma (FIPA). Somatotropinomas (i.e. GH-producing pituitary adenomas), sometimes associated with prolactinomas, are present in most AIP mutated patients.
AIP has been shown to interact with the aryl hydrocarbon receptor, peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha and the aryl hydrocarbon receptor nuclear translocator. Further, it has shown that AIP can interact with IRF7 to exert its novel function of negatively regulating antiviral signal pathways.
Ackermann started his career as a rugby union player, appearing for Western Province and Transvaal. He also played in eight test matches for South Africa between 1955 and 1958.
In 1962, Ackermann was one of a number of high profile South African players to switch to rugby league. He was selected by the RLSA to play in a three match series against Great Britain, who were returning from their 1962 tour of Australia and New Zealand. Ackermann played in all three games, scoring a try in the second game.
In 1963, he was part of the team which toured Australia and New Zealand, captaining the side in the two games against Australia. Following the collapse of rugby league in South Africa after the tour, Ackermann was forced to retire due to the ban on rugby league players from participating in rugby union.
F.W. Webb Company, founded in 1866, is a wholesale distributor of residential, commercial, industrial and institutional products with over 80 locations in nine states throughout the northeast.
The company was founded in Boston in 1866 by John Stults as the city's second wholesale dealer in plumbing fixtures. Over the course of the next 140 years the company has shared a rich history of growth and innovation with the region it serves. Purchased in 1933 by Roger Pope, the company is now under the third generation of Pope family ownership.
F.W. Webb Company offer products and services to commercial and residential contractors as well as industrial and institutional professionals.  Core markets include plumbing, heating, HVAC, commercial refrigeration, and PVF (pipe valves fittings). The company also offers building and process controls, propane gas equipment and parts, ductwork, water systems, commercial and industrial pumps, fire protection and fabrication, thermoplastic piping, and high purity (sanitary) process components.
In addition to the wholesale trade, the company serves retail customers, contractors, and interior designers at approximately 40 Frank Webb's Bath Centers throughout the northeastern United States. These showrooms feature a range of products from different manufacturers, and include customer interaction displays configured before purchases are made, to provide immediate feedback to customers regarding design questions.
Irvine Transportation Center (also referred to as Irvine Station) is a passenger rail and bus terminal in the Irvine Spectrum district of southeastern Irvine, California, United States. Located on the southwest end of the decommissioned Marine Corps Air Station El Toro, it is served by Amtrak California's Pacific Surfliner route, two Metrolink commuter rail lines, and multiple Orange County Transportation Authority (OC Bus) bus routes.
The $13 million Irvine Transportation Center opened on June 1, 1990 when Irvine was officially added to the Amtrak timetable as a stop on the route of the San Diegan (later renamed the Pacific Surfliner). On 25 August 2008, a new four-story parking structure was opened to expand available parking at the station by 1,500 spots.
FlyAway Bus coach service to Los Angeles International Airport was formerly provided from the station, but was discontinued due to low ridership.
Nikolaos Savidis started is professional career with Ethnikos Katerini. In 2010, he was transferred to his hometown's club Panserraikos failing to make any appearances in the 2010-2011 season. In 2011, he was transferred to Pontioi Katerinis. After the club's merger with Iraklis Savidis was entered in the merged club's squad and he made his debut for Iraklis in an away draw against Doxa Kranoulas.
The third son of Alexander Trotter of Dreghorn, near Edinburgh, he was born on 19 September 1802. He entered the Royal Naval College at Portsmouth in 1815.
He married, in November 1835, Charlotte, second daughter of Major-General James Pringle of the East India Company's service.
Asymptote Architecture is an American architecture practice, based in Long Island City, New York. Asymptote Architecture is known for multidisciplinary architectural designs that often incorporate digital technologies.
Husband and wife team Hani Rashid and Lise Anne Couture co-founded Asymptote Architecture in 1989. The firm began with building designs in the United States, and subsequently expanded to international projects.
One of their most famous early designs was their 1988 winning entry for the Los Angeles Westcoast Gateway Competition; an international jury of designers chose their submission, "Steel Cloud," out of more than 150, but when the monument received a poor reception from locals, it was not built due to lack of funding. In 1992, Asymptote was invited by The New York Times to design a hypothetical building for Times Square.
The Missoni Baia is a residential development being developed by the OKO Group, located at 777 NE 26TH Terrace in Miami, Florida.
Asymptote's first project built overseas was the 1997 Univers Theatre in Aarhus, Denmark. The project was awarded the Danish building of the year award by the Architects' Association of Denmark.
In the early years of its practice, Asymptote has produced experimental art installations and exhibition design work involving multimedia technologies, such as the Virtual Museum (2000) at the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum in New York City, DOCUMENTA XI in Kassel, Germany, the Schirn Kunsthalle Frankfurt and the Ministry of Public Works in Madrid, Spain.
In 2003, Asymptote held its first extensive solo exhibition, a survey of its work at the Netherlands Architecture Institute (NAI).
Favale was born in Irsina, Italy and was ordained to the priesthood in 1962. He served as bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Vallo della Lucania, Italy, from 1989 to 2011.
This article about an Italian Catholic bishop or archbishop is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Internet Stream Protocol (ST) is a family of experimental protocols first defined in Internet Experiment Note IEN-119 in 1979, and later substantially revised in RFC 1190 (ST-II) and RFC 1819 (ST2+). The protocol uses the version number 5 in the version field of the Internet Protocol header, but was never known as IPv5. The successor to IPv4 was thus named IPv6 to eliminate any possible confusion about the actual protocol in use.
The Internet Stream Protocol family was never introduced for public use, but many of the concepts available in ST are similar to later asynchronous transfer mode protocols and can be found in Multiprotocol Label Switching (MPLS). They also presaged voice over IP.
ST arose as the transport protocol of the Network Voice Protocol, a pioneering computer network protocol for transporting human speech over packetized communications networks, first implemented in December 1973 by Internet researcher Danny Cohen of the Information Sciences Institute (ISI) as part of ARPA's Network Secure Communications (NSC) project.
Its second version, known variously as ST-II or ST2, was drafted by Claudio Topolcic and others in 1987 and specified in 1990. It was implemented in the Terrestrial Wideband Network and its successor, the Defense Simulation Internet, where it was used extensively for distributed simulations and videoconferencing. This version later formed the core technology for transporting voice calls and other realtime streams within Canada's Iris Digital Communications System. 
The final version of ST2, which was also known as ST2+, was drafted by the IETF ST2 Working group and published in 1995 as RFC 1819. ST2 distinguishes its own packets with an Internet Protocol version number 5, although it was never known as IPv5.
ST uses the same IP address structure and the same link layer protocol number (ethertype 0x800) as IP.
Biketown (stylized as BIKETOWN), also known as Biketown PDX, is a bicycle-sharing system in Portland, Oregon, that began operation on July 19, 2016. The system is owned by Portland Bureau of Transportation (PBOT) and operated by Lyft, with Nike, Inc. as the title sponsor. At launch, the system had 100 stations and 1,000 bicycles serving the city's central and eastside neighborhoods, with hopes to expand outward.
Planning for a modern bicycle-sharing system for Portland began in 2009, under the direction of PBOT. Beginning in 1994, a group of Portlanders experimented with a free community bike sharing system called the "Yellow Bike Project"; the program, inspired by a similar scheme in Amsterdam and operated by the Community Cycling Center, was declared a failure three years later after many of the bikes were subject to vandalism, theft and disrepair.
In December 2011, Metro approved the allocation of a $2 million federal grant to PBOT for the development of a bike share system. Alta Bike Share, a national operator of similar systems headquartered in Portland, was contracted in September 2012 to be the system's operator. The $4 million cost of the system and inability to secure a corporate sponsor led to several delays in the planned launch.
In March 2014, selected supplier Bixi declared bankruptcy, forcing another delay in the system's launch to 2015. Planned operator Alta Bike Share would later be sold to Motivate in October.
In September 2015, the Portland City Council approved a new contract with Motivate to move forward on the bikeshare program. Motivate went on to place a $1.5 million order placed with Social Bicycles to manufacture and deliver "smart" bicycles that include on-board computers and other technologies.
In January 2016, Portland-area based Nike signed a $10 million, five-year deal to be the program's sponsor, naming it "Biketown". On June 13, 2016, officials announced various details for the program, including a launch date of July 19. More than 1,000 Portlanders signed up for the first batch of annual memberships by launch day, and almost 2,500 during the first month of the service.
The service launched on July 19, 2016, during a ceremony in which 150 riders took an inaugural ride across the Tilikum Crossing bridge. During the service's first month, almost 59,000 rides were taken. Holders of annual memberships  accounted for 36 percent of rides taken during that period.
The placement of Biketown stations that replaced public street parking sparked some controversy over a "lack of outreach" by PBOT.
Biketown operates with three payment options for riders. A single-ride fare of $2.50 includes 30 minutes of riding. A day pass ($12) includes 180 minutes of riding and the ability to rent up to 4 bicycles at a time (at a cost of $6 each). An annual membership of $12 per month includes unlimited rides within a 90-minute daily limit, as well as the 4-bicycle maximum available to day-pass users.
Riders making extended trips over their allotted time limit are charged 10 cents per additional minute. A fee of $2 is charged for locking a bicycle at a public rack within the system area; a fee of $20 is charged for the doing the same outside of the system area. A $1 account credit is awarded for bringing a bicycle from a public rack to a designated station.
The city's contract with operator Motivate includes provisions to introduce a discount to 500 low-income residents of $35 per year.
In June 2016, PBOT announced plans to add "adaptive bikes", such as handcycles and tricycles, that can be rented for people with disabilities. They will be branded as Biketown but will be organized through local adaptive bike shops, rather than at the standard street kiosks.
The original fleet of Biketown bicycles were retired in September 2020 after their replacement e-bicycles entered service. The remaining 750 bicycles were donated to a bikeshare operator in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.
In front of the rampart is a ditch, about five metres wide and up to one and a half metres deep. The internal height of the rampart is up to two metres. The gateway lies in the northwest, the rampart bends inwards at this point, in a pincer shape, and the northern flank has been pushed out in the shape of a nose or salient.
A moat, roughly 50 metres long, in the interior of the castle is thought to be from an earlier fortification on the same site. This internal ditch is now only about half a metre deep, three metres wide and runs from north to south.
The circular rampart was archaeologically investigated in 1964 and a survey by Eugen Ixmeier of the Bavarian State Office for Protected Monuments followed in 1970. Topographic photographs were published in 1979 (see literature).
In spring 2007, the eastern part of the archaeological site was damaged by a windthrow and the subsequent cleanup operation. This resulted in the loss of part of the exposed wall sections.
The Bavarian State Office for Protected Monuments has designated the site as a ringwork of the Early Middle Ages and allocated it the index monument number D 6-5830-0007.
The sandstones on which the castle stands form the summit area of the hill and are slipping downhill to some extent on the underlying clay and clay marl rocks of the Feuerletten. Extensive redevelopment measures have been carried out to try and prevent further deterioration of the ruins. The rocks have been designated by the Bavarian State Office for the Environment as geotope number 674A010. Because the geotope is part of the Hassberge Castle Trail, information boards have been erected here.
Appias ada, the rare albatross, is a butterfly of the  family Pieridae. It is found on the Moluccas, New Guinea, Indonesia, Australia and the Solomon Islands.
Occurrence records show the habitat of A. ada to range from open woody trees to sparse grasses. Of the various species, only A. a. caria is apparent in Australia, to which it is endemic. The larva rests on the midrib of a leaf, spinning a slik pad on which it sits. Adults often fly rapidly along watercourses, and have been recorded all months excluding March. The mitochondrial genome for A. ada has been sequenced.
In calculus, the extreme value theorem states that if a real-valued function     f   {\displaystyle f}   is continuous on the closed interval     [ a , b ]   {\displaystyle [a,b]}  , then     f   {\displaystyle f}   must attain a maximum and a minimum, each at least once. That is, there exist numbers     c   {\displaystyle c}   and     d   {\displaystyle d}   in     [ a , b ]   {\displaystyle [a,b]}   such that:
The extreme value theorem is more specific than the related  boundedness theorem, which states merely that a continuous function     f   {\displaystyle f}   on the closed interval     [ a , b ]   {\displaystyle [a,b]}   is bounded on that interval; that is, there exist real numbers     m   {\displaystyle m}   and     M   {\displaystyle M}   such that:
This does not say that     M   {\displaystyle M}   and     m   {\displaystyle m}   are necessarily the maximum and minimum values of     f   {\displaystyle f}   on the interval     [ a , b ] ,   {\displaystyle [a,b],}   which is what the extreme value theorem stipulates must also be the case.
The extreme value theorem is used to prove Rolle's theorem.  In a formulation due to Karl Weierstrass, this theorem states that a continuous function from a non-empty compact space to a subset of the real numbers attains a maximum and a minimum.
The following examples show why the function domain must be closed and bounded in order for the theorem to apply.  Each fails to attain a maximum on the given interval.
Defining     f ( 0 ) = 0   {\displaystyle f(0)=0}   in the last two examples shows that both theorems require continuity on     [ a , b ]   {\displaystyle [a,b]}  .
In particular, if     W =  R    {\displaystyle W=\mathbb {R} }  , then this theorem implies that     f ( K )   {\displaystyle f(K)}   is closed and bounded for any compact set     K   {\displaystyle K}  , which in turn implies that     f   {\displaystyle f}   attains its supremum and infimum on any (nonempty) compact set     K   {\displaystyle K}  .  Thus, we have the following generalization of the extreme value theorem:
Slightly more generally, this is also true for an upper semicontinuous function. (see compact space#Functions and compact spaces).
We first prove the boundedness theorem, which is a step in the proof of the extreme value theorem. The basic steps involved in the proof of the extreme value theorem are:
So far, we know that     B   {\displaystyle B}   is an interval of non-zero length, closed at its left end by     a   {\displaystyle a}  .
A real-valued function is upper as well as lower semi-continuous, if and only if it is continuous in the usual sense. Hence these two theorems imply the boundedness theorem and the extreme value theorem.
Samm-Art Williams (born Samuel Arthur Williams; January 20, 1946) is an American playwright and screenwriter, and a stage and film/TV actor and television producer. Much of his work concerns the African-American experience.
He was nominated for a Tony Award and a Drama Desk Award for his play Home (1979), which moved from the Negro Ensemble Company to a Broadway production in 1980. In the mid-1980s, he received two Emmy nominations for his work for TV series.  The Black Rep of St. Louis, Missouri produced the premier of his play The Montford Point Marine (2011).
Samm-Art Williams was born in 1946 in Burgaw, North Carolina, the son of Samuel and Valdosia Williams. His mother was a school teacher, and Williams attended segregated public schools through high school.
As Samm Williams, he entered New York City theater as an actor in 1973, performing in the play Black Jesus. With New York's Negro Ensemble Company (NEC), Williams appeared in such plays as Nowhere to Run, Nowhere to Hide (St. Mark's Playhouse, 1974) and Liberty Calland (St. Mark's Playhouse, 1975), before taking on the name Samm-Art Williams for Argus and Klansman and Waiting for Mongo (St. Mark's Playhouse, 1975).
Williams, a 6' 8" lefty, was once a sparring partner of boxer Muhammad Ali. Samm was recruited to work with Ali, who was afraid of lefties.[citation needed]
He made his screen debut playing "Roger" in the Richard Price novel adaptation The Wanderers (1979), and played a subway police officer in director Brian De Palma's Dressed to Kill (1980). An earlier film, the independent blaxploitation feature The Baron, a.k.a. Baron Wolfgang von Tripps and Black Cue, made circa 1977, was released direct-to-video by Paragon Video in 1996.
As Samm Williams, he wrote the play Welcome to Black River, produced by the Negro Ensemble Company (NEC) at St. Mark's Playhouse in 1975; and as Samm-Art Williams, The Coming and Do Unto Others, both at the Billie Holiday Theatre in Brooklyn in 1976; A Love Play produced by the NEC that same year; The Last Caravan (1977); and Brass Birds Don't Sing, at New York City's Stage 73 in 1978.
Williams participated in the NEC Playwrights Workshop, under the guidance of playwright-in-residence Steve Carter, who strongly influenced his work. About Carter, Williams has said "that no single individual has influenced my writing to the degree that Steve Carter has."
Williams went on to play Matthew Henson in the historical drama TV movie Cook and Peary: The Race to the Pole (CBS, 1983). He starred in the PBS American Playhouse dramas Denmark Vesey (1985; title role) and The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn (as Jim; 1986).  In the mid-1980s he appeared in television series including The New Mike Hammer, 227, and Frank's Place, a CBS dramedy for which he also served as a story editor. His film work during this time included a role in Blood Simple (1984).
Williams wrote the PBS productions Kneeslappers (1980) and Experiment in Freedom (American Playhouse, 1985); episodes for the series Cagney and Lacey, The New Mike Hammer, Miami Vice, and  The Fresh Prince of Bel Air; the "John Henry" episode of the Showtime cable network series Shelley Duvall's Tall Tales and Legends; and the NBC special Motown Returns to the Apollo (1986), among other work.  He wrote a CBS series pilot titled Lenny's Neighborhood.
Williams wrote and directed the comedy The Dance on Widows' Row, produced by the New Federal Theatre at Manhattan's Harry De Jur Playhouse at Henry Street Settlement from June 25 - July 30, 2000.
In 2006, Williams held auditions for his play The Waiting Room, to be performed that spring at the Raleigh Little Theatre's Gaddy-Goodwin Teaching Theatre in Raleigh, North Carolina.
In 2011, The Black Rep of Saint Louis, Missouri produced the world premier of his play The Montford Point Marine, starring J. Samuel Davis.  Montford Point was where the first black Marines trained.
Williams is Artist-in-Residence at North Carolina Central University, where he teaches classes on equity theater and the art of playwriting. His producing for television also includes story-editing and script-writing for the CBS television series Frank's Place in 1987-88, ABC-TV's Hangin' with Mr. Cooper, NBC-TV's The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air, the short-lived UPN sitcom series Good News and the Fox TV sitcom series Martin.
The village is administrated by a Sarpanch, who is an elected representative of the village as per the constitution of India. Current position is held by Gurpreet singh
This article related to a location in Jalandhar district, Punjab, India is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
He was born in Albany, New York, in 1670. He was Sheriff of Ulster County, New York in 1709. He served as a Major in the Ulster County Regiment.
Shares in the patent changed hands frequently, and the terms under which the land was sold or leased were so varied and complex that it impeded settlement of the district and clouded the title to most of its tracts until well after the American Revolution.
KAUJ (100.9 FM, "MyFM 100.9") is a radio station licensed to serve Grafton, North Dakota.  The station is owned by Simmons Broadcasting Inc.
In July 2001, KXPO-FM swapped formats and call letters with KAUJ (106.7 FM in Walhalla, North Dakota, now KYTZ). The station was assigned the KAUJ call letters by the Federal Communications Commission on July 2, 2001. KAUJ aired an Oldies format featuring satellite-fed programming from Scott Shannon's The True Oldies Channel from ABC Radio before flipping to Classic Rock in 2014
Sometime in 2021 KAUJ dropped its "Rock Farm" classic rock format (which moved to KYTZ 106.7 Walhalla) and rebranded as "MyFM 100.9" with an unknown format.
This article about a radio station in North Dakota is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about a historic property or district in Madison County, New York, that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Frishberg was educated at Abingdon School from 1985 until 1990 where he was a keen rugby and tennis player. He then studied at Balliol College, Oxford.
Frishberg was part of the Great Britain team at the 2004 Paralympics in Athens, and at the 2008 Paralympics in Beijing. The team came in fourth place both times just failing to secure a bronze medal on both occasions after losing out to the United States and Canada respectively.
He was appointed Assistant Coach to the British wheelchair rugby team in 2013, a position he held until the start of 2017.
This biographical article relating to a United Kingdom sportsperson is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This biographical article relating to wheelchair rugby is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
During the early 20th century, the south end saw newcomers from eastern Europe aside from German immigrants, resulting in brother neighborhoods such as the Hungarian Village.
The local schools the German immigrants constructed and managed were so superior that English-speaking residents of Columbus chose to attend them, such as one that once stood at Fulton Street east of S. Fourth Street.
Further decline occurred later due to the closing of the local breweries during Prohibition. After the war, the south end was zoned for manufacturing, leading to the erosion of the area's residential feel. In World War II, the streetcar tracks and wrought-iron fences were confiscated for the war effort. By the 1950s, the area had become a slum and the city decided to demolish one-third of the neighborhood.
With the Village nearing complete destruction, Frank Fetch defied the common wisdom and purchased a house on S. Wall Street, determined to rebuild the neighborhood. Fetch would create the German Village Society. In June 1960, the society hosted the first Haus und Garten Tour, which attracted visitors and the local media to eight restored homes and two gardens. Today, the tour is one of the city's most popular events. Frank Fetch Park was named after him.
The area is mostly a residential neighborhood of sturdy, red-brick homes with wrought iron fences along tree-lined, brick-paved streets.
The German Village Guest House has been recognized as one of the best in the Midwest by the New York Post, The Plain Dealer, and the St. Louis Post Dispatch, and positively reviewed by the Washington Post and The Tennessean. It was rated as the "Best Columbus Hotel 2010" by City Search.
Although German Village is an eclectic community, the area is known as a Columbus "gayborhood." While there are no gay establishments within German Village, the neighboring Brewery District and Merion Village have several.
German Village is bound by Pearl Street on the west; East Livingston Avenue on the north; Lathrop Street, Brust Street, Grant Avenue, Jaeger Street, and Blackberry Alley on the east; and Nursery Lane on the south (Columbus City Planning Commission, Annual Report 1964).
German Village was the home of the first restaurant in the Max & Erma's chain. In 1972, the restaurant was opened by Barry Zacks. The name was adopted from the original tavern, started in 1958 by Max and Erma Visocnik, which the new owners converted into the popular theme restaurant. The location closed in 2017 due to financial difficulties.
The neighborhood is home to one of the world's largest producers of stained glass, the Franklin Art Glass Studios Inc., as well as several art galleries including the Archive Gallery, Hawk Galleries, Keny Gallery, and Kight Studio 551. Shops catering to European-imported retail include Caterina Ltd.
A prosperous industry for the German immigrants was the brewing industry. Today, the Brewery District, part of the greater German Village neighborhood, still partially resembles its notable past. During the 19th century, the area was found largely along both sides of S. Front Street from Livingston Avenue to Sycamore Street.
Dr. Hoster became a charter member of the Hodgkin's Disease Research Foundation in New York City, serving as the original President between 1947 and 1951. The first headquarters of the foundation was established at St. Vincent's Hospital and included as board members Dr. Robert Chambers of New York University, Dr. Antonio Rottino, vice president of St. Vincent's Hospital, Dr. Harry Rolnick of Philadelphia, and John Finn, vice president of Fordham University.
In 2006, local media personality Andrea Cambern, in collaboration with the German Village Society and WBNS, narrated a 10-minute documentary short on the neighborhood, which won an Ohio Historic Preservation Office Award.
In 1890, the Ohio State Buckeyes football team played their first-ever home game in the south end, at a location just west of present-day Schiller Park between Jaeger, Ebner, and Whittier (then called Schiller) Streets.
Jaya Seal Ghosh  the renowned actress and dancer started learning Bharatanatyam from a very early age under Guru Indira P. P. Bora for five years. Simultaneously she was also acting in Assamese television and did plays with noted Assamese theatre personalities from NSD like Dulal Roy and Baharul Islam who inspired her. To pursue this interest she went to the National School of Drama in New Delhi where she subsequently completed her three-year course in 1997.
She received the Best Actress Award at the Assam Prag Cine Awards for the Assamese film Shrinkhol 2014.
Throughout this phase, she also continued her primary passion - dance. While in Mumbai she trained under Guru Vaibhav Arekar and Guru Rajeshri Shirke at Lasya academy. Later she trained under Guru Naresh Pillai also in Mumbai.
Inman Park is an intown neighborhood on the east side of Atlanta, Georgia, and its first planned suburb. It was named for Samuel M. Inman.
Like new developments throughout the United States at the time, but in stark contrast to the attitudes prevalent in the neighborhood today, Inman Park was conceived of and promoted as a segregated community.
Moreland Park was by contrast developed as a more traditional, incremental building of sub-divisions as opposed to the grand plan for Inman Park proper.
The arrival of the automobile allowed upper class Atlantans to live in suburbs farther north from downtown workplaces, such as Morningside and what is now considered Buckhead. Inman Park became less fashionable and the exuberant Victorian architecture came to seem dated. The mansions came to be subdivided into apartments.
Similar to other intown neighborhoods such as Virginia Highland, Inman Park fell to blight during the white middle and upper class exodus to the northern suburbs in the 1950s and 1960s, and was:
an economically depressed neighborhood of mostly blue-collar white folks, elderly couples who could not afford to move out and families on disability and welfare. They lived in rented bungalows or big houses chopped up into tiny roach-infested apartments.
During this same period, there was an intense fight against the I-485 freeway which was to be built through the neighborhood, although many properties in Inman Park, as well as the entire neighboring neighborhood of Copenhill, were torn down in preparation for freeway construction.
Little Five Points district is located where Inman Park and Candler Park meet at Moreland Avenue and Euclid/McClendon.
Inman Park contains Atlanta's best collection of residential architecture from the late 19th and early 20th centuries. Styles include Queen Anne, high-style Italianate and Romanesque mansion as well as smaller bungalows, shotguns, and foursquares. Inman Park was Atlanta's first example of a garden suburb, with great attention paid to street layout, parks and other public space, and would inspire other Atlanta garden suburbs such as the Frederick Law Olmsted-designed Druid Hills.
There are two historic districts within the Inman Park neighborhoods: the Inman Park historic district, and the Inman Park-Moreland Historic District, originally the separate suburb of Moreland Park.
Parks in Inman Park include Springvale Park, a pet project of Joel Hurt and designed by the Olmsted Brothers. Part of Freedom Park lies in the neighborhood, which the BeltLine trail also borders. There are also smaller parks: Delta Park, Inman Park, the park in Inman Park Village, and the Bass Recreation Center.
MARTA runs bus service and rail service. The Inman Park / Reynoldstown MARTA station is located at the south end of the neighborhood.
The building was initially constructed in 1582 by Queen Anna I of Poland as one of the gates in the city walls of Warsaw. Unlike other gates, it was built to prevent fire from spreading from the densely built-up Old Town to the newly built wooden bridge that crossed the river. The gate gained the name Brama Mostowa (Bridge Gate). Although the bridge was destroyed by a flood in 1603, and subsequent bridges were built to the south, the name stuck.
Following the November Uprising and the Russian decision to erect the Warsaw Citadel, in 1833 the prison had been liquidated and the building was refurbished to become a private house. After the World War II parts of the building were rebuilt in their 18th century form.
David Lawrence Westin is anchor of Bloomberg: Balance of Power and Bloomberg Big Decisions on Bloomberg Television. Previously, he was an anchor on Bloomberg Daybreak Americas and Bloomberg GO which Daybreak replaced. He has anchored for Bloomberg since 2015. From 2014 to 2015, he was principal of Witherbee Holdings, LLC, advising and investing in media companies. He was the president and CEO of NewsRight from 2011 to 2012. 
Westin has written the book Exit Interview, about his experiences as president of ABC News. It was released in May 2012.
The younger daughter of Francis "Frank" Marion Dee and his wife, the former Henriette Putnam, Frances Marion Dee was born in Los Angeles, California, where her father was working as a civil-service examiner.
When Dee was seven years old, her family moved to Chicago, Illinois. She attended Shakespeare Grammar School and Hyde Park High School, where she went by the nickname of Frankie Dee.
After graduating from Hyde Park High in 1927, of which she was vice president of her senior class, as well as voted Belle of the Year, she spent two years at the University of Chicago, where she participated in dramatic activities, then returned to California.
Following her sophomore year in 1929, she went on summer vacation with her mother and older sister to visit family in the Los Angeles area. She began working as a movie extra as a lark. Her big break came when, still an extra, she was offered the lead opposite Maurice Chevalier in Playboy of Paris.
The audience appeal established in two films opposite Paramount stars Charles "Buddy" Rogers and Richard Arlen led to the co-starring role as Sondra Finchley, opposite Phillips Holmes and Sylvia Sidney, in Paramount Pictures's prestigious and controversial production of An American Tragedy, directed by Josef von Sternberg.
Dee's additional screen credits included June Moon, Little Women, Of Human Bondage, Becky Sharp, and Payment on Demand. She co-starred with her husband Joel McCrea in the Western Four Faces West (1948).
Dee was honored at the 1998 Memphis Film Festival in Mississippi. In 2004, Frances Dee McCrea died in Norwalk, Connecticut due to complications from a stroke at the age of 94.
The bike was returned to the factory from the Isle of Man where it was used as a runabout and test bed.  Its original hand gear change was replaced with a foot change not long after, and this is still fitted to the bike.  Spring-heeled  Jack remained a regular at the factory as it was apparently owned by Charles Udall of the Velocette Development Department until it was purchased and used for daily transport, despite still not having a kick start, by Fred Teague.
After this brief return to racing, involving a couple of unplanned excursions that left the bike with a few scratches, 'Spring Heeled Jack' was retired from the track and refurbished. Returned to how it had been when it was bought and used by Mr. Teague. 
Around 1030, he married the important Gascon lady Adalais (sister of the future duke of Gascony and the viscount of Lomagne), with whom he had three children:
There are also bodyshirts, like the counterpart to the bodysuit, they are loose-fitting garments that cover the whole torso, with sleeves in short to long lengths and crotch snaps. The difference is that they look like a shirt on the top portion of the garment, and may have a different stretch fabric in the waist to the crotch area to make them fit better.
The bodysuit was a progression from the leotard. It was presented in the United States after 1950 by fashion designer Claire McCardell. It was worn as a blouse or T-shirt. The first recognized bodysuit was worn by Bettie Page in the 1950s, and was a trademark attire of the Playboy Bunnies from the 1960s, as well as Wonder Woman in the animated series Super Friends and Lynda Carter's television series.
Azzedine Alaia and Donna Karan helped make the bodysuit a fashion item for both men and women in the 1980s. After a slowdown, it was resurrected as shaping underwear or lingerie, and in the 2010s it reappeared as a blouse bodysuit and classic turtleneck bodysuit, as well as a part of evening wear.
Orchids are easily distinguished from other plants, as they share some very evident derived characteristics or synapomorphies. Among these are: bilateral symmetry of the flower (zygomorphism), many resupinate flowers, a nearly always highly modified petal (labellum), fused stamens and carpels, and extremely small seeds.
All orchids are perennial herbs that lack any permanent woody structure. They can grow according to two patterns:
Terrestrial orchids may be rhizomatous or form corms or tubers. The root caps of terrestrial orchids are smooth and white.
Some sympodial terrestrial orchids, such as Orchis and Ophrys, have two subterranean tuberous roots. One is used as a food reserve for wintry periods, and provides for the development of the other one, from which visible growth develops.
Epiphytic orchids, those that grow upon a support, have modified aerial roots that can sometimes be a few meters long. In the older parts of the roots, a modified spongy epidermis, called a velamen, has the function of absorbing humidity. It is made of dead cells and can have a silvery-grey, white or brown appearance. In some orchids, the velamen includes spongy and fibrous bodies near the passage cells, called tilosomes.
The cells of the root epidermis grow at a right angle to the axis of the root to allow them to get a firm grasp on their support. Nutrients for epiphytic orchids mainly come from mineral dust, organic detritus, animal droppings and other substances collecting among on their supporting surfaces.
The base of the stem of sympodial epiphytes, or in some species essentially the entire stem, may be thickened to form a pseudobulb that contains nutrients and water for drier periods.
With ageing the pseudobulb sheds its leaves and becomes dormant. At this stage it is often called a backbulb. Backbulbs still hold nutrition for the plant, but then a pseudobulb usually takes over, exploiting the last reserves accumulated in the backbulb, which eventually dies off, too. A pseudobulb typically lives for about five years. Orchids without noticeable pseudobulbs are also said to have growths, an individual component of a sympodial plant.
The structure of the leaves corresponds to the specific habitat of the plant. Species that typically bask in sunlight, or grow on sites which can be occasionally very dry, have thick, leathery leaves and the laminae are covered by a waxy cuticle to retain their necessary water supply. Shade-loving species, on the other hand, have long, thin leaves.
The leaves of most orchids are perennial, that is, they live for several years, while others, especially those with plicate leaves as in Catasetum, shed them annually and develop new leaves together with new pseudobulbs.
Some orchids, such as Dendrophylax lindenii (ghost orchid), Aphyllorchis and Taeniophyllum depend on their green roots for photosynthesis and lack normally developed leaves, as do all of the heterotrophic species.
Orchids of the genus Corallorhiza (coralroot orchids) lack leaves altogether and instead wrap their roots around the roots of mature trees and use specialized fungi to harvest sugars.
Some orchids have single flowers, but most have a racemose inflorescence, sometimes with a large number of flowers. The flowering stem can be basal, that is, produced from the base of the tuber, like in Cymbidium, apical, meaning it grows from the apex of the main stem, like in Cattleya, or axillary, from the leaf axil, as in Vanda.
As an apomorphy of the clade, orchid flowers are primitively zygomorphic (bilaterally symmetrical), although in some genera, such as Mormodes, Ludisia, and Macodes, this kind of symmetry may be difficult to notice.
The orchid flower, like most flowers of monocots, has two whorls of sterile elements. The outer whorl has three sepals and the inner whorl has three petals. The sepals are usually very similar to the petals (thus called tepals, 1), but may be completely distinct.
The normal form of the sepals can be found in Cattleya, where they form a triangle. In Paphiopedilum (Venus slippers), the lower two sepals are fused into a synsepal, while the lip has taken the form of a slipper. In Masdevallia, all the sepals are fused.
Orchid flowers with abnormal numbers of petals or lips are called peloric. Peloria is a genetic trait, but its expression is environmentally influenced and may appear random.
Pollen is released as single grains, like in most other plants, in the Apostasioideae, Cypripedioideae, and Vanilloideae. In the other subfamilies, which comprise the great majority of orchids, the anther (3) carries two pollinia.
A pollinium is a waxy mass of pollen grains held together by the glue-like alkaloid viscin, containing both cellulosic strands and mucopolysaccharides. Each pollinium is connected to a filament which can take the form of a caudicle, as in Dactylorhiza or Habenaria, or a stipe, as in Vanda. Caudicles or stipes hold the pollinia to the viscidium, a sticky pad which sticks the pollinia to the body of pollinators.
At the upper edge of the stigma of single-anthered orchids, in front of the anther cap, is the rostellum (5), a slender extension involved in the complex pollination mechanism.
As mentioned, the ovary is always inferior (located behind the flower). It is three-carpelate and one or, more rarely, three-partitioned, with parietal placentation (axile in the Apostasioideae).
Some orchids mainly or totally rely on self-pollination, especially in colder regions where pollinators are particularly rare. The caudicles may dry up if the flower has not been visited by any pollinator, and the pollinia then fall directly on the stigma. Otherwise, the anther may rotate and then enter the stigma cavity of the flower (as in Holcoglossum amesianum).
The slipper orchid Paphiopedilum parishii reproduces by self-fertilization. This occurs when the anther changes from a solid to a liquid state and directly contacts the stigma surface without the aid of any pollinating agent or floral assembly.
The labellum of the Cypripedioideae is poke bonnet-shaped, and has the function of trapping visiting insects. The only exit leads to the anthers that deposit pollen on the visitor.
In some extremely specialized orchids, such as the Eurasian genus Ophrys, the labellum is adapted to have a colour, shape, and odour which attracts male insects via mimicry of a receptive female. Pollination happens as the insect attempts to mate with flowers.
A rare achlorophyllous saprophytic orchid growing entirely underground in Australia, Rhizanthella slateri, is never exposed to light, and depends on ants and other terrestrial insects to pollinate it.
Catasetum, a genus discussed briefly by Darwin, actually launches its viscid pollinia with explosive force when an insect touches a seta, knocking the pollinator off the flower.
After pollination, the sepals and petals fade and wilt, but they usually remain attached to the ovary.
Some species, such as in the genera Phalaenopsis, Dendrobium, and Vanda, produce offshoots or plantlets formed from one of the nodes along the stem, through the accumulation of growth hormones at that point. These shoots are known as keiki.
The ovary typically develops into a capsule that is dehiscent by three or six longitudinal slits, while remaining closed at both ends.
As the chance for a seed to meet a suitable fungus is very small, only a minute fraction of all the seeds released grow into adult plants. In cultivation, germination typically takes weeks.
The taxonomy of this family is in constant flux, as new studies continue to clarify the relationships between species and groups of species, allowing more taxa at several ranks to be recognized. The Orchidaceae is currently placed in the order Asparagales by the APG III system of 2009.
Five subfamilies are recognised. The cladogram below was made according to the APG system of 1998. It represents the view that most botanists had held up to that time. It was supported by morphological studies, but never received strong support in molecular phylogenetic studies.
Cypripedioideae: 5 genera and 130 species, from the temperate regions of the world, as well as tropical America and tropical Asia
Vanilloideae: 15 genera and 180 species, humid tropical and subtropical regions, eastern North America
In 2015, a phylogenetic study showed strong statistical support for the following topology of the orchid tree, using 9 kb of plastid and nuclear DNA from 7 genes, a topology that was confirmed by a phylogenomic study in the same year.
There are around 800 genera of orchids. The following are amongst the most notable genera of the orchid family:[citation needed]
In Middle English, the name bollockwort was used for some orchids, based on "bollock" meaning testicle and "wort" meaning plant.
Cultivated hybrids in the orchid family are also special in that they are named by using grex nomenclature, rather than nothospecies.  For instance, hybrids between Brassavola nodosa and Brassavola acaulis are placed in the grex Brassavola Guiseppi. The name of the grex ("Guiseppi" in this example) is written in a non-italic font without quotes.
A majority of orchids are perennial epiphytes, which grow anchored to trees or shrubs in the tropics and subtropics. Species such as Angraecum sororium are lithophytes, growing on rocks or very rocky soil. Other orchids (including the majority of temperate Orchidaceae) are terrestrial and can be found in habitat areas such as grasslands or forest.
The scent of orchids is frequently analysed by perfumers (using headspace technology and gas-liquid chromatography/mass spectrometry) to identify potential fragrance chemicals.
The other important use of orchids is their cultivation for the enjoyment of the flowers. Most cultivated orchids are tropical or subtropical, but quite a few that grow in colder climates can be found on the market. Temperate species available at nurseries include Ophrys apifera (bee orchid), Gymnadenia conopsea (fragrant orchid), Anacamptis pyramidalis (pyramidal orchid) and Dactylorhiza fuchsii (common spotted orchid).
Orchids of all types have also often been sought by collectors of both species and hybrids. Many hundreds of societies and clubs worldwide have been established. These can be small, local clubs, or larger, national organisations such as the American Orchid Society. Both serve to encourage cultivation and collection of orchids, but some go further by concentrating on conservation or research.
New orchids are registered with the International Orchid Register, maintained by the Royal Horticultural Society.
The dried seed pods of one orchid genus, Vanilla (especially Vanilla planifolia), are commercially important as a flavouring in baking, for perfume manufacture and aromatherapy.
Orchids native to the Mediterranean are depicted on the Ara Pacis in Rome, until now the only known instance of orchids in ancient art, and the earliest in European art.[Note 2]
Tommy Wilcox (born July 30, 1959) is an American television personality and former college football player. He played defensive back for the University of Alabama Crimson Tide from 1979 through 1982 and was a member of the 1979 national championship team and was a consensus selection to the 1981 College Football All-America Team. Presently Wilcox serves as the host of a hunting and fishing show entitled "Tommy Wilcox Outdoors."
After his playing career, Wilcox became a teacher and football coach at Hillcrest High School in Tuscaloosa, Alabama and later was a pharmaceutical sales representative. In the mid-1990s, Wilcox began to film his hunting and fishing show entitled "Tommy Wilcox Outdoors" and in the time since has filmed hundreds of episodes that also include famous sports personalities.
The Virginia Beach Mariners were an American soccer club, who formerly played in the USL First Division of the United Soccer Leagues, the second division in the US Soccer hierarchy behind Major League Soccer. On March 30, 2007 the team folded due to lack of ownership.
The Mariners played at the Virginia Beach Sportsplex in Virginia Beach, Virginia, from 1999 up to their demise in 2007.
The team was founded in 1994 as the Hampton Roads Hurricanes, but they changed their name to Mariners after the first year.  For the 2003 season, the team changed their name from Hampton Roads Mariners to the more widely recognizable Virginia Beach Mariners. The team went on a one- year hiatus in 1997, after which they joined the A-League.
In 2006, the Mariners added a USL Premier Development League club, the Virginia Beach Submariners. Shortly after the termination of the Mariners, the Submariners were taken over by the Hampton Roads Piranhas, a women's W-League soccer club, who renamed the team the Hampton Roads Piranhas to reflect the change of ownership.
Peacetime structure comprises two mechanized brigades, an airborne regiment and specialized regiments of artillery, logistics, engineers, CBRN defence, reconnaissance and electronic warfare. Mechanized brigades are equipped with various types of combat vehicles to ensure the execution of different combat operations.
Small arms of the Czech Land Forces are mainly supplied by CZUB, e.g. CZ 805 BREN and BREN 2 assault rifles, CZ 75 pistols and CZ Scorpion Evo 3 submachine guns. The Czech Armed Forces are equipped with about 3,000 T810 and T815 vehicles of various modifications produced by Tatra.
Principal weapons systems of the Czech Land Forces include T-72 tanks (T-72M1 produced in Czechoslovakia and T-72M4CZ modernized in Czech Republic), BVP-2 infantry fighting vehicles (Czechoslovak-produced version of BMP-2), Pandur II and Iveco LMV wheeled combat vehicles and 152mm vz. 77 DANA self-propelled howitzers.
The command structure is hierarchical, with brigades and regiments controlling groups of units. Major units are battalion-sized, and minor units are company or platoon-sized units. Airborne Regiment has a unique structure comprising several commandos and centres.
Czech Land Forces are composed of both Regular (full-time) and Active Reserve (part-time) units. Active Reserve platoons, companies and specialized units are affiliated to respective regular units. Moreover, there are 14 Regional Military Headquarters of the Territorial Command, and each one has an Active Reserve infantry company.
Transformation of the 600-strong 43rd Airborne Battalion to 43rd Airborne Regiment with more than 1,200 soldiers scheduled for October 2020 is based upon the 2014 Wales summit declaration regarding the NATO Response Force and Very High Readiness Joint Task Force (VJTF).
It had a small 6V (six volt) battery fitted and an ignition switch to provide easy starting and for constant and even power to the lights and horn.  
In the early 1970s Suzuki started to import the FR50, followed by the introduction of the FR 50K an improved version in 1974, then it was discontinued in August 1975.  Production didn't resume until February 1981 in the form of an even further improved version, the FR50 X. 
Witt went to the State Art Academy in Dusseldorf to study an art teacher. Afterwards, he moved to the College of Design in Dusseldorf in 1976 and earned his degree as a designer.
From 1993 to 1995 he appeared regularly on the radio and  has performed over two hundred times on television. From 1994 to 1997 he had his own television series: "Tele-spell with Wittus Witt" in which he performed interactive magic tricks every second week live with a spectator.
Witt is one of the founding members of the association of full-time magicians "The Professionals", which met for the first time in autumn 1989.
Since 1977 Witt has published the well-known magic directory "International Magic Yellow Pages" which appear in a 3-years cycle.  The publication contains currently more than 1,300 names from all over the world.  Since 2006 it is also available as an E-book version.
In 2000 he took over Germany's magic magazine Magische Welt, in which he previously published articles and a column. He has also developed the German language version of Magicpedia.
In 2011 Witt founded the annual Hamburg magic nights, in which several magicians show their full evening shows during one weekend.
Margaret Mary Quirk (born 26 June 1957) is an Australian politician who has been a Labor Party member of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia since 2001. She served as a minister in the governments of Geoff Gallop and Alan Carpenter between 2005 and 2008.
As the result of the studies and to kick-off the establishment of Quezon City's Local University, the Quezon City Polytechnic was created on March 1, 1994 by the virtue of the City Council Ordinance No. SP-0171 for the training and development of skilled and technical workers.
To support the K-12 initiative of the national government, the University started temporarily offering Senior High School program (ABM, STEM and TechVoc Strands) through the enactment of City Ordinance SP-2308 in 2014. The QCPU Senior High School started accepting students from Academic Year 2016-2017 until Academic Year 2020-2021.
The QCU Main Campus is located along Quirino Highway in Barangay San Bartolome, Novaliches.  Its 4-hectare campus serves as the home of the Korea-Philippines Information Technology Training Center (KorPhil), whose advanced IT training facilities have also been made available to the University. The University also operates an Enterprise Development Center, from its main campus, designed to connect its Entrepreneurship program with the needs of small and medium-scale businesses in the city.
In June 2019, The Quezon City Government inaugurated a new 7-storey-building in QCU that has a 500-seater auditorium and 33 laboratories.
In 2006, the University opened its first satellite campus located inside the grounds of San Francisco High School in Barangay Sto. Cristo near SM City North EDSA. The Campus is connected to the Philippines' first interactive science center, the Quezon City Science Interactive Center.
QCU opened its second satellite campus on 2009 in Quezon City's Batasan Civic Center.  The four-storey edifice is along IBP Road, Barangay Batasan Hills, beside Batasan Hills National High School.
Quezon City University has 8,693 students enrolled across all programs for the Academic Year 2019-20. At present, the University offers four to five-year Bachelor's Degree programs under the following colleges:
J. P. Shaw is Regional Director (East) for India Tourism-Kolkata under the Ministry of Tourism, a branch of the Government of India.
Zekeriya Alp (born 1 January 1948) is a Turkish former international association football player and, current businessman and sports executive. He represented Turkey at senior level in 22 international encounters. Alp formerly took role of "Head of Central Referee Commission" at TFF.
This biographical article related to a Turkish association football defender is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Note: Finish = Rank in league at end of regular season; GP = Games played, W = Wins (2 points), OTL = Overtime losses (1 point), L = Losses, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against, Pts = Points, Top scorer: Points (Goals+Assists)
The following were players selected by the Barracudas in the 2010 CWHL Draft. Because the league contracted from six to five teams, it was possible for some teams to reacquire players.
Abraham "Bram" Cornelis Willem Leenards (born 14 June 1940) is a retired Dutch water polo player. He was part of the Dutch teams that placed eighth at the 1960 and 1964 Summer Olympics.
This biographical article relating to a Dutch water polo figure is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This biographical article relating to sport shooting in Russia is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Cryptolechia mellispersa is a moth in the family Depressariidae. It was described by Alexey Diakonoff in 1952. It is found in Burma.
This article on a moth of the subfamily Cryptolechiinae is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Born in Princess Anne, Maryland, Long was the son of Zadock and Leah Whittington Long; attended the common schools and graduated from Yale College in 1828.  He studied law, was admitted to the bar in 1830, and commenced practice in Princess Anne.  He also engaged in agricultural pursuits. He married Amelia Roach and they had five children.
Long was a member of the Maryland House of Delegates from 1833 to 1835, 1839, 1844, and 1861.  He served in the Maryland State Senate in 1860.
Elected from the sixth district of Maryland as a Whig to the Twenty-ninth Congress, Long served from March 4, 1845, to March 3, 1847.  He was not a candidate for renomination in 1846, and resumed the practice of his profession and also engaged in agricultural pursuits on his family farm, "Catalpa".  He was an unsuccessful candidate for election to the United States Senate in 1860.
Long died in Princess Anne, Maryland, on October 16, 1865. He is interred at the Catalpa Family Farm, Princess Anne, Somerset County, Maryland.
The minor district (king amphoe) Kapho was formed on 15 March 1982 by splitting off three southern tambons from Sai Buri District. On 4 November 1993 it was upgraded to a full district.
Neighboring districts are (from the northwest clockwise): Thung Yang Daeng and Sai Buri of Pattani Province; Bacho of Narathiwat Province; and Raman of Yala Province.
The district is divided into three sub-districts (tambons), which are further subdivided into 22 villages (mubans). There are no municipal (thesaban) areas. There are three tambon administrative organizations (TAO).
Robert Paul McGill (born April 27, 1962) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player. McGill played in the National Hockey League (NHL) from 1981 until 1994.
In 2005, McGill has transitioned into a career as an analyst with Leafs Nation Network, a popular media outlet in the Greater Toronto Area following the Toronto Maple Leafs and their AHL affiliate the Toronto Marlies.  McGill also serves as the colour analyst for the Marlies radio broadcasts on AM 640 Toronto.
This biographical article relating to a Canadian ice hockey defenceman born in the 1960s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
In the early years, settlers occasionally encountered groups of Aborigines hunting possums. Although artifacts such as grinding stones and stone choppers have been found in the district, no signs of permanent occupation were found by early settlers other than the mia-mias built by "Europeanised" Aboriginal shepherds from Narrogin in the employ of Michael Brown.
Brown, a businessman from Narrogin, took up large pastoral leases in the Kulin/Kondinin area in 1905. These and other leases in the area were terminated in 1909/1910 to allow the government to distribute the land for agricultural purposes.
 The town of Kondinin began life as a railway station on the railway line from Yilliminning (near Narrogin) to Kondinin, built from 1911 to 1915. The district around Kondinin was already settled when the government chose to construct a railway line here in 1911.
The surrounding areas produce wheat and other cereal crops. The town is a receival site for Cooperative Bulk Handling.
After the War he served as Air Officer Commanding No. 47 Group, Air Officer Commanding No. 4 Group and then Air Officer Commanding No. 22 Group before being appointed Commander of British Forces Aden in 1948. He went on to be Air Officer Commanding RAF East Africa before becoming Senior Air Staff Officer at Headquarters RAF Coastal Command in 1950 and then Air Officer Commanding-in-Chief at RAF Coastal Command in 1951 and retiring in 1953.
After the French defeated the Holy Roman Empire  in the Siege of Metz in 1552, the city became a French protectorate as the 'Messine Republic' with a French garrison. To house it, an artillery-proof citadel was begun in 1556, only four years after the siege. Although the protectorate was still technically and legally part of the Empire, the city was now a 'de facto' French possession.
The Governor's Palace was built by the Germans at the start of the 20th century on the site of a bastion of the dismantled citadel. Several Roman monuments and ramparts were brought to light on the site as well as the medieval Tour d'Enfer tower in the subsoil of the gardens.
Songs of Ireland is an album by the Brobdingnagian Bards released on Saint Patrick's Day in 2002.  Unlike the band's previous albums which featured songs of various Celtic origins, this album is a compilation of almost entirely Irish songs.
"The Unicorn Song" is a version of the poem by Shel Silverstein, recorded by The Irish Rovers in 1968.  The Bards, however, added a final verse to the song, providing an alternate, happy ending to the tale of the extinction of unicorns.
This article about a Republican Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly born in the 1860s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Prior to his appointment as chair of the Central Election Commission, Chang had practiced law for 37 years. He served as legal counsel for dissidents arrested during the Kaohsiung Incident of 1979. Chang has also served on the board of China Aviation Development Foundation.
The Society was founded in Steyl in the Netherlands in 1875 by Arnold Janssen,  a diocesan priest, and drawn mostly from German priests and religious exiles in the Netherlands during the church-state conflict called the Kulturkampf, which had resulted in many religious groups being expelled and seminaries being closed in Germany.
The SVD has two sister congregations, also founded by Saint Arnold Janssen. They are the Missionary Sisters Servants of the Holy Spirit (SSpS), otherwise known as the "Blue Sisters" and a contemplative branch called the Sister Servants of the Holy Spirit of Perpetual Adoration (SSpSAP) or better known as the "Pink Sisters"; the nicknames allude to the colour of the respective religious habits.
 The core formula of the solemn Vows of the Divine Word Missionaries, as cited in their constitutions, is as follow:
 Those whose vocation is to the brotherhood pursue studies which are suited to developing their talents and interests. The Society is conscious that some regard brothers as being lower than priests and, in response, it states:
Vows are renewed annually; after three years a member may request final vows. According to Canon law, temporary vows may be renewed for a longer period but not exceeding nine years.
 The members of the province also work with those affected by HIV and AIDS, orphaned children, refugees, health education, catechetics, Scripture study, environmental issues and unemployed young people. They have an outreach mission in Zimbabwe. Their preferred partners in dialogue are:
 "We, members of the Society of the Divine Word (SVD), an international religious-missionary congregation of brothers and priests, founded by Saint Arnold Janssen and named after the Divine Word, envision a world where dialogue is possible because people, inspired by the Word of God and empowered by the Spirit, respect the uniqueness of each person and accept all nations and peoples."
In 1905 the Divine Word Missionaries began work in African American parishes in Mississippi, and St Augustine Seminary, the first school specifically for the training of African American men for the Catholic priesthood, was opened in Bay St. Louis, Mississippi shortly thereafter.  
Divine Word Missionary priests have long worked in African American communities in Louisiana, Arkansas, and Mississippi, in Chicago, Indianapolis, Los Angeles, and elsewhere.  Numerous African Americans have joined the Society of the Divine Word as priests and brothers and have served as foreign missionaries throughout the world.
If We Put Our Heads Together is the third and final collaborative studio album by American country music artists Ernest Tubb and Loretta Lynn. It was released on June 9, 1969, by Decca Records.
The review published in the June 21, 1969 issue of Billboard said, "This is must merchandise for the dealer. Devotees of country music will find it very difficult to lay this package down inasmuch as the combined sales power of Ernest Tubb and Loretta Lynn is tremendous. They do some great duets, including the hit single, "Who's Gonna Take the Garbage Out" and "Let's Wait a Little Longer", "That Odd Couple" and others."
Cashbox published a review in the June 28 issue which said, "The dynamic duo of Ernest Tubb and Loretta Lynn return for their third LP which spotlights the twosome performing their latest chart rising single in addition to other fine ballad and up tempo delights. Included, besides the title track, are "Who's Gonna Take the Garbage Out?", "Holding on to Nothing", "Chased You Till You Caught Me", "Let the World Keep on a Turnin'", "That Odd Couple" and five more. Fine set."
The first single from the album, "Who's Gonna Take the Garbage Out?", was released in May 1969 and peaked at No. 18 on the US Billboard Hot Country Singles chart. The second single, "If We Put Our Heads Together (Our Hearts Will Tell Us What to Do)", was released in September 1969 and did not chart.
Recording of the album took place over three sessions at Bradley's Barn in Mount Juliet, Tennessee, beginning on February 18, 1969. Two additional sessions followed on March 11 and April 1.
The river is followed for its entire length through Glyn Tarell (the Tarell valley) by the A470 road, passing by the hamlets of Libanus and Tai'r Bull and entering the Usk at Llanfaes on the southern edge of Brecon.
The most significant tributary of the river is Nant Cwm Llwch, which enters the Tarell on its right bank between Tai'r Bull and Llanfaes. This secondary river emerges from the glacial lake of Llyn Cwm Llwch beneath Pen y Fan.
The name may have its origins in the old Welsh language words tarddu, "to bubble out", and tarddell, "a spring or source".
The Afon Tarell, in common with the Usk and its other tributaries, is designated as a special area of conservation for its three species of lamprey, twaite shad, European bullhead, Atlantic salmon and otter.
There have been a total of 17 recognized champions who have had a combined 33 official reigns. The current champion is Yamato who is in his fifth reign.
USS Nabigwon (YTB-521/YTM-521) was a Hisada-class harbor tug in the service of the United States Navy.  The name "Nabigwon" is taken from a Native American language, meaning "ship".
Nabigwon was assigned advanced base duty in the Pacific.  In addition to towing and berthing services, she provided harbor fire protection and was utilized as an inner harbor patrol craft. Redesignated YTM in February 1962, Nabigwon remained active as a medium harbor tug at Pearl Harbor into the 1970s.
Nabigwon was sold by the Defense Reutilization and Marketing Service (DRMS) for scrapping on 28 July 1987.
This article about a specific ship or boat of the United States Armed Forces is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Mantidactylus tornieri is a species of frog in the family Mantellidae. It is endemic to Madagascar. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, freshwater marshes, intermittent freshwater marshes, and heavily degraded former forest. It is threatened by habitat loss.
In 1977, the Health Director for the City of Chester became aware of the site and inspected it along with the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection (PADEP).  The owner and operators of the site were ordered to cease operations and clean-up the site.  During the legal appeals to this order the site was inoperative and virtually abandoned.
In February 1978, an intense fire at the site destroyed one building and damaged two others where drums of waste were stored.  The burning chemicals produced multi-colored smoke and noxious fumes.  The Chester Fire Department mounted an aggressive attack but were driven back by exploding 55-gallon drums and disabling smoke.  The fire was extinguished after 20 hours but rekindled twice in the ensuing days. The Commodore Barry Bridge was closed for the duration of the fire.
In 1980, Melvin Wade was convicted of risking a catastrophe, failing to prevent a catastrophe and violating the Clean Water Act by polluting the Delaware River.  He was sentenced to one to two years in prison and fined $30,000.
In late 1981 and early 1982, the EPA conducted two emergency cleanups in which workers removed an estimated 5,000 gallons of PCB-contaminated waste, 10,000 gallons of other hazardous wastes for incineration and 155 tons of contaminated solids.
In 2004, with EPA and state approval, the site was given drainpipes to clear stormwater and paved with asphalt to create a parking lot for the city's Barry Bridge Park.
In 2008, the Barry Bridge Park site adjacent to Wade Dump was selected as the site of Subaru Park, home of the Philadelphia Union Major League Soccer franchise.
In 2018, a five-year review of the site concluded that the site continues to be protective of human health and the environment.  The EPA approved a request from the PADEP to discontinue groundwater monitoring at the site after nearly three decades of sampling data showed that groundwater beneath the site had reached acceptable levels of contamination.  The remaining wells on the site were decommissioned.  Periodic inspections are ongoing to ensure proper maintenance of the site.
After the family returned to France, he entered the French army in 1810, during the Napoleonic Wars, becoming an officer of carabiniers, two years later, during the campaign against Russia. He was nominated senator, and elected Councillor-General of the Meurthe in 1854.
This biographical article related to the French military is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Born to W. H. Helm of Dumfries, Alexander Knox Helm was educated at Dumfries Academy and King's College, Cambridge.
In 1912, he passed the examination for what was then called second division clerkships and was appointed to the Foreign Office. He served as a member of the East Registry. A keen volunteer when World War I broke out, he was allowed by the Foreign Office to join his field artillery unit, being promoted second lieutenant in 1917 and serving in that capacity in Palestine. As a clerk, he performed only routine duties but distinguished himself through his diligence and retentive memory. 
In 1937 he was sent as Consul to Addis Ababa, and at the outbreak of World War II was moved to the British Embassy at Washington, D.C., where he handled the various complicated problems connected with the supply of petroleum to the United Kingdom. In 1942 he went back to Ankara (at that moment a key post) as Counsellor.
He retained to the end the accent and intonation of the Dumfriesshire farming stock from which he came and his love for and understanding of the things of the soil often stood him in good stead in posts where agricultural problems bulked large in the economy of the country.
His first wife, Grace Little, died in 1925. His second, Isabel Marsh, whom he married in 1931, survived him after he died at sea in 1964.
Beauty Nazmun Nahar (born January 1, 1984) is a track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for Bangladesh.
Nazmun Nahar represented Bangladesh at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. She competed at the 100 metres sprint and placed eighth in her heat without advancing to the second round. She ran the distance in a time of 12.52 seconds.
This biographical article relating to Bangladeshi athletics is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Simon Kun Puoch is a South Sudanese military figure and politician. He had served as governor of Upper Nile (state) from 25 May 2010 till his removal by the President in August 2015. A Lieutenant General, he has also done work with the Southern Sudan Relief and Recovery Commission.
This biographical article about a South Sudanese politician is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Ptochiomera nodosa is a species of dirt-colored seed bug in the family Rhyparochromidae. It is found in Central America and North America.
The Arkansas Southern Railroad (reporting mark ARS) is a short-line railroad which started service in October 2005.  ARS operates two disconnected lines consisting of Heavener, Oklahoma to Waldron, Arkansas (32 miles), and Ashdown to Nashville, Arkansas (29 miles), plus a switch track at Ashdown, for a total of 63 miles. The lines are leased from Kansas City Southern Railway (KCS) to ARS's owner, the Watco Companies (Watco).
The tonnage today is primarily corn and soy, carbon dioxide, and chemicals such as bauxite and acid.  The line also offers car storage.
On the Northern Branch, the railroad interchanges with the KCS at Heavener.  On the Southern Branch, it interchanges with the KCS at Ashdown, and the Union Pacific Railroad at Nashville.
The Frankfurt Documents were an important step towards the founding of the Federal Republic of Germany.
The Frankfurt Documents prompted the prime minister to hold the Rittersturz Conference in Koblenz on the resolutions that had been passed.
Professor Rhema Vaithianathan is a New Zealand academic who specialises in the field of health economics, and big data. She is a Professor in the School of Economics at Auckland University of Technology and is a co-director of the Centre for Social Data Analytics within that school.
Vaithianathan gained a Bachelor of Commerce in Economics in 1989, followed by Masters of Commerce (First-class Honours) in Economics in 1995, and a PhD in Economics in 2000, all from the University of Auckland.
During her PhD studies Vaithianathan won the McKinsey Prize for Best Paper at the Australian PhD Conference in Business and Economics in 1997, and the Jan Whitwell Prize for Best Student Paper in 1998. She also won the prize for the Best Doctoral Dissertation in the Faculty of Business and Economics at the University of Auckland in 2000.
Between 1988 and 1999, Vaithianathan worked as: A Policy Analyst for the New Zealand Treasury, a Health Economist for the Northern Regional Health Authority, an Economic Consultant for the New Zealand Health Funding Authority, and a Health Economist at the Waitemata District Health Board.
Vaithianathan commenced her academic career as a research fellow at Australian National University in 2000, returning to the University of Auckland as a lecturer in the School of Economics in 2002.
In 2013, Vaithianathan joined the Department of Economics (now School of the Economics) at Auckland University of Technology as a full professor.
Vaithianathan is a member of Data Futures, a government-academia collaboration on data-use, her work with big data has received press attention.
Since 2014, Vaithianathan's research has had a strong focus on predictive-risk modelling. Current projects include:
He has appeared in the films Face/Off, The Wraith, Life, Class of 1999 II: The Substitute, Backstreet Dreams and The Astronaut's Wife, among others. He has directed several films, including John Q, Alpha Dog, She's So Lovely, Unhook the Stars, The Notebook, and My Sister's Keeper.  He also adapted the screenplay for Blow and wrote the dialogue for the Justin Timberlake music video "What Goes Around... Comes Around".
Cassavetes finished in fifth place in the World Poker Tour (WPT) Invitational Season 5, attempting a bluff. He also appeared on season 5 of The Game Show Network's (GSN) High Stakes Poker.
He also has played himself in the season 7 opener of Entourage on HBO and Tattoo Joe as a cameo in The Hangover: Part II, replacing Liam Neeson from the cast due to scheduling conflicts.
In 1985, Cassavetes married Isabelle Rafalovich. They had two daughters together before divorcing. Sasha was born with a heart defect and underwent substantial surgery; Cassavetes' film John Q. was dedicated to Sasha, and his later adaptation of My Sister's Keeper was based in part on Sasha's medical experience.
Cassavetes later married Heather "Queenie" Wahlquist, and they have a daughter together. Wahlquist has appeared in several of his films, including a small role in The Notebook as Sara, a secondary character and best friend to the female lead Allie Hamilton, portrayed by Rachel McAdams. Cassavetes' own mother, Gena Rowlands, appears as the older, married Allie (Hamilton) Calhoun.
This biographical article relating to an American baseball shortstop is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Soling was a sailing event on the Sailing at the 1972 Summer Olympics program in Kiel-Schilksee.  Seven races were scheduled. Only six races were sailed due to weather conditions. 80 sailors, on 26 boats, from 26 nation competed.
Because of insufficient wind the scheduled race in the Soling was postponed on 5 September 1972. Due to the interruption of the Games on 6 September 1972, the race was postponed till 7 September. Then the race conditions were unsuitable. Heavy fog and poor wind conditions made it not possible to race until 8 September. Finally for the Soling only six regattas took place. Also the medal ceremony was also postponed until 8 September.
White Noise is an upcoming American drama film written and directed by Noah Baumbach, based on the 1985 novel of the same name by Don DeLillo.
Jack Gladney, professor of Hitler studies at The-College-on-the-Hill, husband to Babette, and father to four children/stepchildren, is torn asunder by "the Airborne Toxic Event", a cataclysmic train accident that casts chemical waste over his town.
On July 28, 2004, Barry Sonnenfeld was set to direct the film adaptation of White Noise from a script by Stephen Schiff. In 2016, Uri Singer acquired the rights to the book and pushed the project into development. On October 17, 2016, Michael Almereyda was set to write and direct the film adaptation. On January 13, 2021, it was revealed that Noah Baumbach would be adapting the film for Netflix with Baumbach producing with David Heyman and Uri Singer.
Principal photography began in June 2021, under the working title Wheat Germ. Filming took place in Ohio, including Cleveland Heights, Wellington, Oberlin, Dorset and Perry Township.
Filming took place in downtown Cleveland on November 4, 2021 with scenes shot on the Hope Memorial Bridge.
Leucine responsive protein, or Lrp, is a global regulator protein, meaning that it regulates the biosynthesis of leucine, as well as the other branched-chain amino acids, valine and isoleucine. In bacteria, it is encoded by the lrp gene.
MCID (initialism for "My Crew Is Dope") is the third studio album by American rock band Highly Suspect, released on November 1, 2019. Loudwire named it one of the 50 best rock albums of 2019.
On August 16, 2019, Highly Suspect announced their third album, along with the release of two singles, "16" and "Upperdrugs"; the former track reached No. 1 on Billboard's Mainstream Rock chart.
The Council is currently chaired by Bhushan Patwardhan. Current members include Deena Bandhu Pandey, P. Kanagasabapathi, Sanjay Kumar, H.S. Bedi, Harish Chandra Singh Rathore, Panchanan Mohanty, Amita Singh, Kshamadevi Shankarrao Khobragade, T. Subramanyam Naidu, Rakesh Sinha, Aswini Mohapatra, P.V. Krishna Bhatta, Santishree Dhulipudi Pandit, J.K. Bajaj, M.P. Bezbaruah, D.D. Pattanaik, and Madhu Purnima Kishwar.
The Tweed GT-1 is an American high-wing, FAI Open Class single seat glider that was designed by George Tweed Jr.
The GT-1 was built in concert with the Whigham GW-1 as both builders shared ideas and tools. The GT-1 first flew in 1960.
Only one GT-1 was built and the aircraft was registered in the Experimental - Amateur-Built category.
The GT-1 was entered in the 1960 US Nationals, but, as the designer termed it, the aircraft "proved to be a victim of technical obsolescence" and it did not place well. Both the designer and Jack Green did however complete their gold badges in the glider.
By 2011 the aircraft had had its Federal Aviation Administration registry revoked and the aircraft likely no longer exists.
Kelly was born in Drudgeon, County Tyrone on 6 August 1812 He was educated at St Patrick's College, Maynooth and ordained  on 13 June 1840. After curacies in Strabane and Culdaff he was parish priest at Upper Fahan. He served as Coadjutor Bishop of Derry from 1849 until 1864, and then Diocesan Bishop of Derry until his death on 1 September 1889.
This article about an Irish Catholic bishop or archbishop is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Lionel James "L-Train" Simmons (born November 14, 1968) is an American former professional basketball player.
Simmons led South Philadelphia High School to a Philadelphia Public League boys' championship in 1986, getting an MVP award in the process. He was inducted into the Philadelphia Sports Hall of Fame in 2008.
Simmons was selected by the Sacramento Kings with the seventh pick of the 1990 NBA draft. On March 23, 1991, Simmons scored a career-high 42 points in a 95-100 loss to the Phoenix Suns. He was the runner-up to Derrick Coleman for the 1991 NBA Rookie of the Year Award. Simmons was NBA Player of the Week the week after the All-Star break during his rookie season.
He played seven seasons for the Kings, scoring 5,833 career points until prematurely retiring in 1997 due to chronic injuries. He managed to earn more than $21 million in an NBA career that lasted seven seasons.
Little Chicago is an unincorporated community in Spartanburg County, in the U.S. state of South Carolina.
The community had once had a reputation for illicit liquor manufacturing and sales, earning it the moniker Little Chicago.
Schizocypris altidorsalis, common name gorgak, is a species of cyprinid in the genera Schizocypris. It inhabits Sistan, Iran. It is classified as "least concern" by the IUCN Red List.
Domestic Transformer (A 32 sq.m apartment), ALESSI Kung Fu Tea Set, ACTS Rednaxela Serviced Apartment,
Chang was born in 1962 and raised in Hong Kong. He studied at the Queen's College and later graduated from the University of Hong Kong in 1987 with an Architecture degree.
After graduation from the University of Hong Kong, Chang worked at P&T Group, an Architectural firm in Hong Kong.
In 1994, Chang founded his first company, EDGE. The company was renamed EDGE Design Institute Ltd in 2003. The company works on projects for houses, retails, hotels, restaurants, and offices, and also creates products such as furniture, houseware, etc.
The Domestic Transformer is the fourth design created by Chang for this apartment. It can transform into twenty-four different rooms through the use of sliding walls and panels. This project is comparable to a puzzle, where pieces are continuously being unfolded, while others are folded/fitted back together to create new rooms and spaces.
Chang has also designed the Kung Fu Tea Set for Italian houseware brand ALESSI; A "Workstation" for Ogilvy & Mather Asia Pacific; The Kitagata Housing Product in Gifu; The Hong Kong Pavilion at the 50th Anniversary of the PRC, Beijing in 1999.   He also designed interiors at the Treasure Palace development in Hong Kong.
Chang has won multiple awards, including the ar+d Awards in 2002 and 2003 in Copenhagen and London for Light Hotel and Suitcase House. Gary Chang was also included in "40 Architects Under 40" by Taschen in 2000.  The Domestic Transformer won the Design for Asia Award 2009 Grand Award and Bronze Award.  Chang has won many other awards in Asia and throughout the world for his reconfigurable living spaces and product designs.
Taylor was born in Stateville, North Carolina where he lived until he was 10. He then resided in Craddock, North Carolina. He dropped out of high school at age 17 and began writing for a living.
During World War II Taylor served in the United States Merchant Marines. He served in the United States Navy during World War II.
Taylor worked as a press agent connected with the American film industry and wrote on the side. Early in his career he wrote fiction and non-fiction works aimed at adults. It was not until the Kay he stated writing works aimed at youths.
In 1993, Taylor wrote and published the follow-up to The Cay, which he titled Timothy of the Cay. It describes the life of Timothy before his encounter with Phillip Enright, the narrator of The Cay, and what happened to Phillip after he was rescued, by which time Timothy had been dead for almost two months.
This biographical article relating to Romanian athletics is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Himesh Ke Dil Se is the fifth studio album by Himesh Reshammiya, produced by Reshammiya under the banner Himesh Reshammiya Melodies. It is the third album to be released by Reshammiya in 2021 following Surroor 2021 and Moods with Melodies. This album features emerging singers of India, particularly contestants from Indian Idol 12.
The songs were sung by participants of the Indian Idol 12, including the winner Pawandeep Rajan, the first runner-up Arunita Kanjilal, Sawai Bhatt, Mohammad Danish, Nihal Tauro, Ashish Kulkarni, and Sayli Kamble. Other singers including Palak Muchhal, Meer Jasu, Stebin Ben, and Salman Ali have lent their voices for the album
All songs were composed by Himesh Reshammiya, while lyrics were penned by Reshammiya, Sameer and Shabbir Ahmed.
All songs were released in studio version and were shot at the HR Musik Studio and the singers themselves featured in the music videos.
Shams, an ethnic Pashtun, was born in Nurgal in the Kunar province of Afghanistan. In 1984, the founder of Afghan Social Democratic Party, Ghulam Mohammad Farhad, died. Three years later in 1987, Shams was elected as the new head of the party.
The party then began to split into 3 factions, one led by Shams-ul-Huda Shams, another by Qudratullah Hadad and the third by Mohammad Amin Wakman. Wakman's faction is now led by Afghan Finance Minister Anwar Ul Haq Ahady.
Shams was in favor of the establishment of a modern democratic government in the country which could retain its National Islamic character. After the removal of Mohammad Najibullah's Soviet-backed government and Mujahideen take over of Afghanistan, shams continued his opposition with the incumbent regime of religious parties, which he argued, was not representing the majority of Afghan nation. Shams was especially against the Taliban government that was backed by Pakistan.[citation needed]
While in Peshawar, Shams continued to publish his party's newspaper Afghan Mellat which published articles that produced nationalistic sentiments and called for democratic development in the war-ravaged Afghanistan. Besides writing in his party's journal, Shams also contributed scholarly articles and essays to other newspapers and journals. A unique feature in his writings was that he described facts regardless of its outcome.
Shams kept a close friendly relationship with Pakhtun Nationalist Parties and Pashto literary organizations of Pakistan, especially Pakhtunkhwa Qawmi Party of Afzal Khan Lala. Shams's death was widely mourned by Afghans all over the world. After the death of Shamsul Huda Shams, the party congress held an emergency meeting and elected Ajmal Shams as the new president of the Afghan Mellat Party.
This biographical article related to a Mexican association football defender is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Bruce Hunter (born 1961) is a Canadian actor and comedian from Calgary, Alberta. He has appeared in television shows such as Puppets Who Kill and The Red Green Show. Hunter received a Canadian Comedy Awards nomination in 2002 for his work on the television series After Hours. He voices the king of Happily-Ever-Afterville on the PBS show Cyberchase.
He is a member of the internationally renowned comedy troupe Illustrated Men along with David Huband and Adrian Truss.
"Saints & Angels" is a song written by Victoria Banks and recorded by American country music artist Sara Evans. It was released in September 2001 as the third single from her 2000 album Born to Fly. The song peaked at number 16 on the US Billboard Hot Country Songs chart. Evans has stated that this was her favorite song from her Born to Fly album.
"Saints & Angels" is a mid-tempo piano ballad that describes a couple who is troubled by their love and pressured by their imperfections. However, in the end, they overcome their differences and essentially become "saints & angels."
The accompanying music video for the song features Evans on a sidewalk with many people passing in front of her. These scenes are intercut with scenes of couples fighting and making up. Evans is also shown wearing a green T-shirt with a cross and in a blue sweater.
"Saints & Angels" debuted at number 48 on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the week of September 15, 2001
 Bourra is a commune in the Cercle of Ansongo in the Gao Region of south-eastern Mali. The commune extends along the left (east) bank of the River Niger. It covers an area of approximately 2,323 square kilometers and includes 14 villages. In the 2009 census the commune had a population of 19,163. The main village (chef-lieu) is Tassiga.
Okiwi is a small settlement and rural community at the head of the Whangapoua Estuary, in Whangapoua Bay, on Great Barrier Island in New Zealand's Hauraki Gulf.
The Okiwi Basin area is a basin of farmland that can be seen from Palmer's Track, a walking track that runs from Windy Canyon to Mount Hobson. The fertile area is used for organic and small-scale growing, including the Okiwi Passion market garden and shop.
Between 2015 and 2019, the Aotea / Great Barrier Island Local Board investigated establishing a cemetery at Okiwi or Claris, opting to establish it in Claris.
This Blagoevgrad Province, Bulgaria location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about the Municipality of Loski Potok in Slovenia is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Furata has a broad range that goes from playing serious salary men, to bushi in period drama roles, and even women.
He works with the theatrical troupe called Otona Keikaku and often with the troupe Gekidan Shinkansen. Furuta also stars in the 2007 horror film Apartment 1303.
USS Newcastle Victory (AK-233) was a  Boulder Victory-class cargo ship acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War II.  She served in the Pacific Ocean theatre of operations through the end of the war, and then returned to the United States of America for disposal.
Newcastle Victory, built by Permanente Metals Corporation, Richmond, California, was laid down 21 August 1944; launched 17 October; and named 29 October. One of many Victory ships ordered by the U.S. Maritime Commission, she was one of ten taken over by the Navy to carry ammunition; and commissioned 23 November.
After shakedown off the California coast, she put in at San Francisco, California, 12 December and took on a cargo of ammunition. Upon completion of loading at Port Chicago, California, and at San Pablo, California, she steamed for Pearl Harbor 28 December.
She departed 7 March for San Francisco via Eniwetok and Pearl Harbor. At Pearl Harbor she received a three-week availability, which brought new ordnance and radar equipment and habitability improvements. She departed Pearl Harbor 17 April, arrived San Francisco 23 April, and then took on a new cargo of ammunition at Port Chicago, California.
She steamed towards Leyte 15 May, via Pearl Harbor, Saipan, and Ulithi. During June she serviced ships in San Pedro Bay, Leyte, in the Philippine Islands; during July she returned to Ulithi and there assumed duties as station issues ship.
Newcastle Victory was directed to proceed to Seattle, Washington, in November 1945, where she was laid up in a reduced manning status until May 1946, when she was directed to report to the 3d Naval District for disposal. She steamed in early May via the Panama Canal and Vieques Island, Puerto Rico, where she offloaded her ammunition.
She reported to Commander, 3d Naval District, New York, 30 May and decommissioned 21 June. She was stricken from the Navy List 3 July 1946. Returned to the U.S. Maritime Commission, she was laid up in the Hudson River, New York. She was reactivated in 1955 and leased to the United Fruit Lines under a general agency agreement.
Traffic Sports USA, based in Miami, is a soccer event management company in the North American, Central American and Caribbean region.
Traffic Sports of Brazil were awarded the commercial partnership rights to the 2013 CONCACAF Gold Cup and the 2013, 2014 and 2015 CONCACAF Champions League tournaments.
Traffic Sports was identified in the 2015 FIFA corruption case for allegations related to bribery in the awarding of commercial and marketing rights going back to 1991. Aaron Davidson, President of Traffic Sports USA, was indicted on May 27, 2015 on multiple counts including bribery and money laundering. Traffic Sports USA has pleaded guilty in this case.
This biographical article relating to Slovenian association football is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Udea subplanalis is a moth in the family Crambidae. It was described by Aristide Caradja in 1937. It is found in Yunnan, China.
Spreckels Lake is the only San Francisco lake that currently allows any model boating without special permits from the San Francisco Recreation and Parks Department (SF Rec. & Parks) under their interpretation of the law. Anyone may sail most types of model boats on Spreckels Lake with few restrictions.
Since its construction, Spreckels Lake has been home to the San Francisco Model Yacht Club (SFMYC), whose application to the Park Commissioners in 1902 for a dedicated model boating site other than the crowded Stow Lake resulted in the creation of Spreckels Lake. The SFMYC has sailed various kinds of model watercraft on it continuously since before the day it opened.
 The lake also serves as a gravity-fed source of non-potable, fire-fighting water for the local neighborhood should San Francisco's main and backup fire-fighting water supply systems ever fail, the lake water can be tapped through three green and blue, color-coded hydrants located on Fulton Street on the south side of the intersections of 30th, 34th and 36th Avenues.
In normal circumstances, the water exits the lake via an overflow-style drain in the extreme western end of the lake near the Concrete Turtle in the area known to the model yacht club members as "Turtle Cove."
When the lake is being drained, a pair of grated, submerged drains in Turtle Cove and a single open drain about 15 feet out from the lake's north shore lead to the Fulton St. hydrants mentioned previously. This gravity-fed system will empty about half the lake's water over about a five-day period before the level drops enough to expose the drains. If work requires the lake to be lowered further still, SF Rec and Parks will bring in gasoline powered pumps.
SF Rec. and Parks has endeavored when possible to leave enough water in the deeper areas of the east end of the lake so even with evaporation, the larger fish and turtles that populate the lake will survive the experience.
The structure's red-tiled roof and concrete building with wooden, high-ceilinged interior reflects the WPA-era fusion of Mission Revival and Craftsman-style architectures that matches other buildings in the area including the Police and Public Stables across JFK Drive to the south.
The current clubhouse replaced an earlier building salvaged by SFMYC members and the City of San Francisco from the remnants of the 'little' St. Francis Hotel after its removal from Union Square. It was rebuilt near the proposed but never built Polo Fields Stadium site with a budget of $16,000 in 1909 and served the Club until they moved to their current building in 1938.
The clubhouse is open to the public on a request basis or if accompanied by a key-holding member of the model yacht club.
Model yachting, in a more organized sense, seems to have reached the San Francisco Bay Area sometime during or after the early to mid-1870s. Early traditions tell of open-water model sailing competitions on San Francisco Bay held between the boardwalk of Miegg's Pier and Goat Island (Yerba Buena Island) as well as on Lake Merritt in Oakland, CA and Marin County's Richardson Bay where the competition was sometimes between the crews of the many cargo ships anchored there.
The San Francisco Model Yacht Club for whom the lake was built regards Spreckels Lake its home waters and the history of the lake and model yacht club become inseparable as neither would exist without the other.
The "Spreckles Irregulars" are a loosely affiliated but very active informal group of model boating hobbyists and friends who are regulars at the southern lakeside.  They mainly operate many types of model power boats, both liquid fueled and electric, as well as a few sailboats but are not affiliated with the SFMYC for any number of reasons.
 The "Irregulars" are unstructured in that they do not hold events or races at the lake, but are content to meet in the late mornings on nearly every weekend day and sometimes during the week to run their models and enjoy the convivial company of fellow enthusiasts.  Most have been model boaters for many decades.
Spreckels Lake is usually open to everyone to enjoy year round as long as the overall park itself is open. Anyone interested can walk, run, loaf, watch or sail any boats as they wish. From time to time, the San Francisco Model Yacht Club may cordon off certain areas for special events or regattas but there is almost always plenty of room for other modelers to set-up and run in other areas of the walkway and lake.
The exceptions are that during marathons and festivals such as the San Francisco Marathon, the Outside Lands Music and Arts Festival or the Hardly Strictly Bluegrass Festival vehicle access to the lake is closed and the lake itself maybe fenced off by event organizers.
Powered boats are forbidden to run on the northern side of the lake to keep from creating noise issues with the neighborhood bordering on Fulton Street.
Current rules for model boats at Spreckels Lake. The Recreation and Parks Department added two new rules in May 2015. The first change was that ALL boats were now required to observe the 15 MPH speed limit. The second was that model aviation was now prohibited at the lake.
The ecology of Spreckels Lake is entirely artificial yet is home to a number species of birds, a temporary resting place for some species of migratory waterfowl and game-birds, as well as some aquatic species, and various species of fish and turtles.  The surrounding trees are good habitat for squirrels and other foragers as well as hunting territory for predatory species such as heron and coyote.
Note: Pets must be kept on a leash at Spreckels. Not only because of park rules, but because to coyotes, large dogs are competitors in their hunting grounds or interlopers in their cubbing territory, and small pets may be eaten.
Birds known to habituate to the lake in addition to feral pigeons and seagulls include common ducks and mallards, coots, grebes, swallows, cormorants, herons and egrets and, occasionally, domestic geese. Seasonal waterfowl seen to use the lake as a resting stop-over during migration include migratory ducks and Canada geese.
Aquatically, the lake's algae-laden water hosts minnows, sticklebacks and carp. Wild carp up to around 24 inches in size also inhabit the lake, though some appear to be discarded goldfish or koi that have managed to survive. There is a 'tradition' of dumping goldfish in many of Golden Gate Park's lakes, sometimes by the bucketfuls, for good luck as well as a means of 'freeing' unwanted pets.
There seem to be some freshwater clams, probably dropped by seagulls and, at least historically, crawfish. Many older local residents remember catching crawfish in traps in the lake as young children during the 1930s and 1940s.
The herons in turn find the many pocket gophers that burrow in the grass surrounding the lake quite tasty.
This problem is likely to grow worse as the weather and lake waters become warmer due to Climate Change.
Deliberate harassment of the wildlife, with a model or other means is forbidden under SFMYC club rules, illegal under SF Rec and Park rules, the San Francisco Municipal Code, and state and federal statutes as well.
While SF Park and Recreation Department is the controlling authority for public use of Spreckels Lake including model boaters not associated with the SFMYC, the Rec & Parks Department routinely follows the lead of the SFMYC in making usage rules for the lake as they regard the SFMYC the primary users of the Lake and the "experts" in mandating and controlling its use.
Charles Richard D'Amato (born September 28, 1942) is an attorney, politician and retired United States Navy Reserve captain best known for facilitating funding for military parapsychology research and conducting an investigation of unidentified flying objects as a senior staff counsel under the aegis of the influential Robert C. Byrd in the United States Senate.
He received a B.A. (cum laude) in political science from Cornell University in 1964; two M.A. degrees from the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University in 1967; and a J.D. from Georgetown University Law Center in 1980. He was subsequently admitted to the Maryland and Washington, D.C. bars.
A member of the Democratic Party, D'Amato was the chief (1988-1995) and minority (1995-1998) counsel for the Senate Appropriations Committee. Working under Byrd (the Committee's longtime chairman and ranking member), he coordinated and managed the annual appropriations bills and other legislation on policy and funding of U.S. international operations and programs, including trade, defense and the full range of foreign activities of the U.S. government.
D'Amato also served as senior foreign policy counsel for Byrd. In this capacity, he drafted the resolution that set Senate standards for international global climate change treaty negotiations. He worked on a wide array of issues affecting U.S. international economic and political interests, such as World Trade Organization review legislation and burden-sharing agreements during the Gulf War.
Between 1980 and 1987, D'Amato was Byrd's director of political, economic, and national security policy during his tenure as Senate majority leader. He joined the congressional staff as legislative director for then-Representative Jim Jeffords (1975-1978) before serving as legislative assistant and then chief of staff to Senator Abraham Ribicoff (1978-1980).
After leaving the Senate staff, he held elected office as a member of the Maryland House of Delegates from 1999 to 2003, representing an Annapolis, Maryland-based district. He served on the House's Appropriations Committee.
He was reappointed to the United States-China Economic and Security Review Commission by Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid on October 5, 2005, for a two-year term expiring December 31, 2007. He served as the chairman and vice chairman of the Commission from April 2001 to December 20, 2005.
The Persian language has between six and eight vowel phonemes and twenty-six consonant phonemes.  It features contrastive stress and syllable-final consonant clusters.
The inherited eight-vowel inventory is retained without major upheaval in Dari, which also preserves quantitative distinctions.
Persian syllable structure consists of an optional syllable onset, consisting of one consonant; an obligatory syllable nucleus, consisting of a vowel optionally preceded by and/or followed by a semivowel; and an optional syllable coda, consisting of one or two consonants.  The following restrictions apply:
The Persian word-accent has been described as a stress accent by some, and as a pitch accent by others. In fact the accented syllables in Persian are generally pronounced with a raised pitch as well as stress; but in certain contexts words may become deaccented and lose their high pitch.
When spoken formally, Iranian Persian is pronounced as written. But colloquial pronunciation as used by all classes makes a number of very common substitutions.  Note that Iranians can interchange colloquial and formal sociolects in conversational speech. They include:
The 13th Lancers is an armoured regiment of Pakistan Army. It was formed in 1923 as 13th Duke of Connaught's Own Lancers by the amalgamation of 31st Duke of Connaught's Own Lancers and 32nd Lancers. On Partition of India in 1947, the regiment was allotted to Pakistan.
The two parent regiments of 13th Lancers had a common origin in the old Bombay Squadron of Cavalry, raised for service in the Second Anglo-Maratha War. The squadron was split to form the 1st and 2nd Regiments of Bombay Light Cavalry in 1817. More than a hundred years later, they were reunited to form the 13th Duke of Connaught's Own Bombay Lancers in 1923.
 The 2nd Bombay Light Cavalry were stationed at Neemuch in 1857 and took part in the pacification of Central India. One of its officers, Captain James Blair, won the Victoria Cross during these operations. Under Kitchener's Reforms, the 2nd Bombay Lancers was redesignated as the 32nd Lancers.
 During the Great War, the 32nd went to Mesopotamia late in 1916 and were the first British troops to enter Baghdad. In April 1917, at the Battle of Istabulat, a detachment led by the commanding officer, charged an entrenched Turkish position resulting in all the officers and most of the men becoming casualties.
Rattan Mohan Sharma (born 14 June 1971) is an Indian classical vocalist, belonging to the Mewati gharana. He performs classical music forms such as khyal and tarana as well as light classical forms such as Haveli Sangeet, Tappa and Bhajan as well as Rajasthani Folk. He is considered an "A" grade artist on All India Radio[citation needed].
Sharma was born in Rajasthan to Padma and Mohan Lal Sharma. He is the nephew and a disciple of classical vocalist, PanditJasraj. His affinity for percussion instruments in his youth led Sharma to practice tabla up to the age of 15. Over the years, he has trained under Motiram, Maniram and Jasraj.
He belongs to the Mewati Gharana and belongs to the family of vocalists such as Motiram, Maniram, Pratap Narayan, and Jasraj. He has performed in many concerts and festivals in India and abroad. As a playback singer he has performed in the mythological film Dashavatar (2009).
He performs regularly at the classical music festival Pandit Motiram Pandit Maniram Sangeet Samaroh organized by Jasraj.
The coat of arms of Dewsbury was the official symbol of the county borough of Dewsbury in the West Riding of Yorkshire. The county borough was abolished in 1974 under the provisions of the Local Government Act 1972 and replaced by Kirklees Metropolitan Council and West Yorkshire Metropolitan County Council.
The elements of the arms and the crest refer to various local families: the chequy field refers to the Earls de Warenne; the crosses are from the Copley arms and the owls, as also in the coat of arms of Leeds, from the arms of Savile.
Chequy or and azure, on a chief engrailed sable a cross patonce of the first between two owls argent. Crest: On a Wreath of the colours in front of a cross patonce fitchy azure an owl as in the arms. Motto: 'DEUS NOSTER REFUGIUM ET VIRTUS'.
The Ministry of Information and Communication is a governmental ministry of the Republic of Sierra Leone.
After graduating in 1984 Carlisle was selected 70th overall by the Boston Celtics in the 1984 NBA draft, where he played alongside Larry Bird. Under Celtics' coach K. C. Jones he won the NBA championship in 1986 and lost in the finals in 1985 and 1987.
In a limited reserve role from 1984 to 1987 Carlisle averaged 2.2 points, 1.0 assists and 0.8 rebounds per game. He then played for the Albany Patroons of the Continental Basketball Association (CBA) under Bill Musselman. He then signed as a free agent with the New York Knicks, where he played under coach Rick Pitino alongside emerging star Patrick Ewing. In 1989, Carlisle played in five games with the New Jersey Nets under Bill Fitch.
Later in 1989, he accepted an assistant coaching position with the Nets, where he spent five seasons under Bill Fitch and Chuck Daly. In 1994, Carlisle joined the assistant coaching staff with the Portland Trail Blazers under coach P. J. Carlesimo, where he spent three seasons.
The Pacers slipped to a .500 record in 2005-06 and barely made the playoffs, losing in the first round. Despite this, Bird and Pacers CEO Donnie Walsh did not hold Carlisle responsible for the Pacers' lackluster performances in the past two seasons, and showed it in October 2006 when they signed Carlisle to a multiyear contract extension. The Pacers also gave him the additional title of executive vice president of basketball operations.
After leaving Indiana, Carlisle worked as a studio analyst for ESPN before signing with the Dallas Mavericks as the team's new head coach.
On January 30, 2015, he recorded his 600th win in a game against the Heat. He signed a new five-year deal on November 5, 2015. Four days earlier, Carlisle recorded his 340th win as Mavericks coach, passing Don Nelson as the winningest coach in franchise history.
On June 17, 2021, Carlisle stepped down as the Mavericks head coach with two years remaining on his contract.
Carlisle and his wife have one daughter. Carlisle is an avid pianist and private pilot, who as of September 2015 has logged nearly 200 hours flying his Cirrus SR22T single-engine light aircraft.
The name was taken from The Proms, a classical music festival running since 1895, and borrowed a few traditions from its counterpart such as the final night culminating in an interpretation of "Land of Hope and Glory". The musical performances at the festival typically involved indie rock bands incorporating instruments outside of their usual arrangement, most commonly in the form of collaborations with the BBC Concert Orchestra.
Primarily the festival's headline acts played at The Roundhouse in Camden but events, which included a programme of film, were not limited to this venue. For example, acoustic events took place at Cecil Sharp House. In 2008 in acknowledgement of its status as European Capital of Culture, events were staged in both Liverpool and London.
In Australia, this program started airing on ABC2 from 1 May 2009 with episodes in a scattered order.
The 2010 event (now rebranded as the BBC Radio 2 Electric Proms) took place solely in The Roundhouse and ran from Thursday 28 October to Saturday 30 October. The entire event catered to the Radio 2 audience, whereas previously the Electric Proms events featured the involvement of all four of the BBC's national popular music stations.
The 2009 event took place solely in The Roundhouse and ran from Tuesday 20 October to Saturday 24 October.
London: Burt Bacharach with the BBC Concert Orchestra; XX Teens; Wild Beasts; Africa Express; Goldfrapp
London: Saturday Night Fever curated by Robin Gibb, with special guests Ronan Keating, Stephen Gately, Sam Sparro, Sharleen Spiteri, Gabriella Cilmi and Bryn Christopher; Justice, Coldcut via The Radiophonic Workshop; Red Light Company; Fox Cubs; Micachu
Paul McCartney; Soil & "Pimp" Sessions with Jamie Cullum; Hadouken!; The Enemy; The Chemical Brothers; Justice; Tribute to Lal Waterson
Kaiser Chiefs via David Arnold; Reverend and The Makers; New Cassettes; Cold War Kids; The Metros; Daler Mehndi and The Wolfmen; Bishi; Basquiat Strings with Seb Rochford, Ellery Eskelin and Simon H Fell
Paul Weller with Amy Winehouse and others; Guillemots; Kasabian; The Magic Numbers; Jamiroquai; The Young Knives; Klaxons; The Good, the Bad & the Queen; James Brown with the Sugababes, Max Beesley and the London Community Gospel Choir; Jamie T; The Raconteurs; The Horrors; The View; The Zutons; Jet; The Who; Spencer McGarry Season; Friends of the Bride; Genod Droog. Vashti Bunyan. Donovan both on the same set.
The important stimulus for closer economic and cultural cooperation, and also for the development of tourism, is the visa-free regime which has been in force between Belarus and Serbia since 2000.
Deep mutual understanding and close cooperation in the field of culture have confirmed successfully carried Days of culture of Belarus in Serbia in 2005. Days of culture of Serbia were held in Belarus in 2007. Serbian artists regularly take part in Slavianski Bazaar in Vitebsk and have won three Grand Prix awards in 1997, 1999 and 2002. Days of the Serbian cinema were held in Minsk in 2006 with record attendance.[citation needed]
The contract-legal basis of cooperation of Belarus and Serbia includes 20 signed agreements which cover almost all areas of bilateral interests.
I know Serbia wonderfully. I was there more than once. I know the history and sentiments of the people of Serbia. After all, Serbia originated in Kosovo. In Kosovo, there are Serbian sacred sites.
Following the 2020 Belarusian presidential election, Serbia has signed the Declaration initiated by the European Union rejecting election results and criticizing crackdown against those protestings.
In 2006, Belarusian exports to Serbia were tractors, potash fertilizers, salt, ferrous metal twisted wires and cotton fabric. Serbian exports to Belarus were pipes, rubber hoses and sleeves, synthetic polymer paints and varnishes, rough-grinding machine tools, honing machines, modular machines for metal processing. Belarus and Serbia signed a free trade agreement in 2009.
This is a list of unmade and unreleased projects by Image Comics. Some of these productions were, or still are, in development hell. Projects that have not provided significant production announcements within at least a year, would be considered in development limbo until further announcements are released. The following include films, television shows, and video games, whether as live-action or animated productions.
In 1995, TriStar Pictures acquired the film rights to Prophet. A live-action film was planned with Rob Liefeld as a producer, but the project did not proceed beyond pre-production. In 2018, Studio 8 acquired the film rights to Prophet.
The Crow: 2037 was a planned sequel to The Crow written and scheduled to be directed by Rob Zombie in the late 1990s; however, it was never made.
In 2001, Sony Pictures had optioned the comic series for a film production, commissioning a writers room. After development seemed to have stalled, Sony shifted focus in creating a TV show based on the comic instead.
A sequel, tentatively titled Spawn 2, has been in development hell since 1998. Producer Don Murphy maintained that he was part of the project in 2001. McFarlane stated that the film would have centered primarily on the detective characters Sam and Twitch, with Spawn only as a background character.
In March 2003, Twentieth Century Fox has optioned feature rights to the fantasy comicbook series with Gil Netter attached to produce.
There have been two attempts to adapt Scud: The Disposable Assassin into a film and TV show. A live-action feature film was optioned by producer Oliver Stone, but the option lapsed in the early 2000s.
In 2004, The Legend of Isis was optioned for a major motion picture by Paramount Studios and Grammnet Productions, with screenwriter Ali Russell.
In 2004, Charlize Theron signed on to produce and star in a film adapted from Jinx for Universal Pictures.
In December 2004, Dimension Films paid an undisclosed six-figure sum to develop a movie based on the comic, with a planned release for 2008. The film rights were later sold to the Pang brothers in December 2005. At Comic-Con 2009, Top Cow president Matt Hawkins revealed that a live-action The Darkness film was in development, with Scott Stuber Productions attached as the producer for the project. In 2012, Len Wiseman signed on to produce the movie.
The comic book series Lions, Tigers and Bears was optioned for film in the fall of 2005 by Union Entertainment for six months, however the company closed their doors before a movie could be undertaken. In 2009, Paramount optioned the comic series, with a screenplay by Joey Aucoin and Lorenzo di Bonaventura set to produce. The film would be live action, with "heavy doses" of CGI animation.
The possibility of Hack/Slash being made into a live-action film by Rogue was discussed by director Todd Lincoln, writer Martin Schenk, series creator Tim Seeley, and others at the 2006 San Diego Comic Convention, to be released in 2008. In 2012, Marcus Nispel, who directed Conan the Barbarian remake, was revealed to have agreed to helm the film for Relativity and Rogue.
In 2007, McFarlane Funding announced development of a new feature film adaptation of the character, titled Spawn, scheduled for release in 2008.  During an interview on the Scott Ferrall show on Sirius radio, McFarlane said: "It's coming out no matter what. Even if I have to produce, direct and finance it myself, it's going to come out."
A feature film adaptation of Witchblade was announced in 2008 and scheduled for a 2009 release, but was never produced. The film was to have been produced by Platinum Studios, Top Cow Productions, and Arclight Media, with Top Cow's Matt Hawkins & Marc Silvestri, Platinum's Rich Marincic, and Greenberg Group's Randy Greenberg serving as executive producers. Production was planned for September 2008, with filming to be done in Australia.
In September 2008, it was announced that War Heroes had been optioned by Columbia Pictures, with Michael DeLuca as producer and Millar taking an executive producer role.
In February 2009, Collider reported that Reliance Entertainment acquired the feature film rights to Youngblood, reportedly for a mid-six figures, with Brett Ratner attached to direct.
In March 2009, Rick Remender and Kieron Dwyer were working on a XXXombies screenplay for a proposed film.
In June 2009, it was announced that Deadworld was to be turned into a film. Jeffrey D. Erb and Framelight Productions along with Dark Hero Studios partners David Hayter and Benedict Carver have teamed up with Bill Mechanic to turn the comicbook into a zombie feature franchise.
On October 12, 2009, Amanda Conner and Jimmy Palmiotti proposed a live-action adaptation of The Pro. They have said that they would like to have either Sarah Silverman or Ellen Muth as the lead. In March 2017, Paramount Pictures picked up the film rights to The Pro and hired Zoe McCarthy to write the screenplay.
A film based on Alibi from the 2008 Pilot Season one-shots was announced in 2009.  The production was associated with Mandeville Films and Summit Entertainment, and John Hlavin was attached to write the adaptation. The story follows John and Rick Stephens.  John is a wealthy socialite whose life provides a cover for Rick, who is a top-secret government assassin.
After the 2010 San Diego Comic-Con, Mandeville Films announced they would develop a film adaptation of Crosshair from the 2010 Pilot Season with producers David Hoberman and Todd Lieberman.  Morgan Foehl was attached to write the adaptation in 2011, and Summit Entertainment came on board as well.
In August 2010, a film version of Mage had been in development at Spyglass Entertainment with Zack Snyder set to direct, but the rights were subsequently picked up by Watchmen and Hellboy producer Lloyd Levin.
At WonderCon in 2010 it was announced by Comicraft/Active Images the option of Elephantmen by Zucker Productions for development into a film. Richard Starkings was working on the draft treatment, and is enthusiastic: "Jerry Zucker and I can't wait to bring the stories of Hip, Horn and Sahara to life on screen in a way that will simply take your breath away."
Warner Bros. are developing a film version of The Red Star. Josh Trank, director of Chronicle, was attached to develop the project in 2012.
In March 2012, Content House started developing a feature film based on the comic book series Epic Kill by Raffaele Ienco about an 18-year old assassin trying to avenge her parents deaths, with the President of the United States sending mercenaries to stop her.
In March 2012, production companies Content House and Mosaic Media Group announced development of a Devoid of Life film based on the graphic novel by Raffaele Ienco.  Melinda Hsu Taylor was set to write the screenplay of a sci-fi tale about horrible deaths after the discover of a hidden planet and a threat to human life.
In July 2012, Content House announced development of a feature adaptation of the graphic novel Manifestations by Raffaele Ienco.
On December 2, 2012, Mark Wahlberg announced he will be producing a film adaptation of The Amory Wars.
In 2013, Lakeshore Entertainment were making the film version of The Sword with David Hayter writing the film's script.
Interest has been expressed in adapting Saga for film or TV. In an August 2013 interview, Brian K. Vaughan and Fiona Staples stated that the point of Saga as they conceived it was "to do absolutely everything we couldn't do in a movie or a TV show. We're really happy with it just being a comic." Vaughan has stated that they are open to the possibility, though it is not a priority for them.
In December 2013, The Hollywood Reporter revealed that 20th Century Fox would produce the Starlight film with Gary Whitta penning the script. In May 2015, Mark Millar announced to JoBlo.com that the film is his next project.
In April 2014, 20th Century Fox has optioned the movie rights to the comic series Who Is Jake Ellis? with David Yates attached to directing and Peter Chernin producing. Seth Lochhead would write the script for the film. In August 2016, Josh Mond would direct the movie.
In 2015, Mark Millar's comic series Chrononauts was optioned for a feature film. In April 2017, Philip Gawthorne was hired to write the screenplay for the film, with Chris Morgan, Mark Millar, and Sean Murphy attached as producers.
In 2015, Ed Brubaker received calls from interested parties in Hollywood about adapting The Fade Out very early in its publication. However, he did not want to sell the rights until the series was finished. He had done so with a previous work, and it affected the way he wrote it because he was imagining it in the other medium.
The Tracking Board reported on May 26, 2015, that 20th Century Fox and Davis Entertainment had agreed to develop a League of Extraordinary Gentemen reboot with hopes of launching a franchise. The report stated that a search was underway for a director who could help "continue to develop the reboot". John Davis told Collider in an interview that the reboot will be a female-centric film.
In 2016, MGM optioned Rising Stars, with J. Michael Straczynski slated to write the script and Alex Gartner and Richard Suckle to produce for Atlas Entertainment.
In January 2017, series creator Rob Liefeld worked with Akiva Goldsman and Graham King to adapt the property into a film franchise. In March 2018, Netflix bought the series.
On April 4, 2017, it was announced that Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg would write, direct and co-produce a film adaptation of the comic for Universal Pictures. It was to be produced by Point Grey Pictures and Skybound Entertainment. Series creator Robert Kirkman was also set to produce the movie, alongside David Alpert and Bryan and Sean Furst.
In July 2017, Rick Famuyiwa was attached to direct Son of Shaolin, based on the comic of the same name by Jay Longino.
In December 2017, a film adaptation of Kill or Be Killed was announced. It will be written by Dan Casey and directed by Chad Stahelski.
On May 22, 2018, it was announced that Chad Stahelski will direct and co-produce a film adaptation of Analog, with Ryan Condal, based on the Gerry Duggan comic.
In August 2009, Halo-8 Entertainment has optioned the rights to make an "illustrated film" of Loaded Bible to be directed by Matt Pizzolo, who had previously done Godkiller.
The second attempt was to adapt Scud into a TV series for MTV. It got as far as casting before being halted in 2004.
In 2007, Jonathan and Joshua Luna spoke to director Stephen Hopkins about moving forward with an adaptation again, but it became stuck in development hell. The Lunas were still in talks for an Ultra television project in 2011.
In July 2010 it was announced that production company Circle of Confusion, the same company that produces the Walking Dead television series, was planning to adapt Chew. It was revealed in March 2011, that Showtime was developing it into a half-hour comedy series, based on a script by Terri Hughes Burton and Ron Milbauer.
A&E Network announced that they were working on an OCT TV show in March 2012, with Jorge Zamacona as the script writer. He is also a producer along with the comic's creators Dawson, Atchison, Gilmore and Shasteen, and The Walking Dead producer Gale Anne Hurd.
In October 2012, Seeley and Norton said major networks had approached them about developing a Revival television series, and later mentioned NBC specifically.
In 2013, it was reported that Fox was ordering a pilot for the television version of LoEG with Michael Green serving as writer and executive producer. Should the project go to series, showrunner Erwin Stoff would also executive produce. Neither Moore nor O'Neill would be producers on the series. It had also been reported that the pilot episode would still be broadcast, even if Fox opted not to green-light the series.
On April 30, 2014, Syfy announced they would be adapting Pax Romana into a miniseries. Matthew Federman and Stephen Scaia (Warehouse 13) were writing the show, with Scaia and David Alpert (The Walking Dead) executive producing. Jonathan Hickman would serve as a co-executive producer.
In 2014, Pukeko Pictures and Heavy Metal magazine announced their intent to adapt Rat Queens as a 30-minute animated television series.
In October 2014, American television channel SyFy announced that a series based on Five Ghosts was under development. The pilot would be produced by Universal Cable Productions, Black Mask Studios and BenderSpink.
In October 2015, Relativity Television announced that the series would be adapted into a television series and would be written by Skip Woods, who would serve as executive producer alongside Adrian Askarieh, who first optioned it in 2005. Since then, there have been no updates on the prospective series, causing outlets such as [/Film /Film] to assume that the series is in development hell.
In September 2017, Deadline Hollywood reported the adaptation was being developed as a potential series for Amazon Studios, who made a "significant production investment" in it. In the letter column of Lazarus X+66 #4 (November 2017), Rucka said this announcement included some inaccuracies, and emphasized the show is still a long way from being released. He said the casting process had not yet begun.
In 2015, Arrow executive producer Greg Berlanti was attached to direct and produce a television series based on Gerry Duggan's The Infinite Horizon comic. The script was written by Ryan Condal.
In 2016, Tom Hardy and NBCUniversal announced a television series based on Warren Ellis' and Jason Howard's comic series Trees is in early development.
A live action television adaptation of Postal from Matt Tolmach and Legendary Entertainment was in development in early 2016. The Walking Dead executive producer Seth Hoffman is writing the pilot script. After tough competition for the rights, it was picked up by Hulu in September 2016.
In 2017, it was announced that rights have been acquired by United Kingdom company Manga Entertainment in order to develop a Japanese animated or live action series based on Wayward.
In 2017, Entertainment One ordered a pilot based on Gail Simone's comic series Crosswind, with Vanessa Piazza as showrunner and executive producer.
In November 2017, Constantin Film acquired the rights to develop Danger Girl as a potential TV series, in partnership with Askarieh's Prime Universe Films and Jeremy Bolt's Bolt Pictures.
On April 19, 2018, it was announced that Amazon Studios, Skybound Entertainment, and Jonathan Hickman would be developing an hour long series based on East of West and Transhuman.
In 2018, Warren Ellis' comic series Injection has been optioned for television by Universal Cable Productions.
In 2018, Orphan Black series writer Will Pascoe was set as the showrunner for an adaptation of Michael Moreci's comic series Roche Limit.
A Youngblood video game, an isometric action game similar to Crusader: No Remorse, was in development by Realtime Associates for the PlayStation and PC in 1997, with GT Interactive as the publisher.
After marrying, Sothern retired from the stage and never acted again. After living in England several years, where her children were born, they returned to the United States. Living in Los Angeles, California, she devoted herself to her family and the movie career of her daughter. Sothern died at age 99 in Palm Springs, California. She is interred in Westwood Village Memorial Park, Los Angeles.
Gerald L. Curtis (born September 18, 1940) is an American academic, a political scientist interested in comparative politics, Japanese politics and U.S.-Japan relations.
Curtis was the Burgess Professor of Political Science at Columbia University from 1998 until he retired in December 2015.  He is now Burgess Professor Emeritus of Political Science at Columbia.  Between 1974 and 1990, Curtis was head of the Weatherhead East Asian Institute (WEAI) at Columbia.
In a statistical overview derived from writings by and about Gerald Curtis, OCLC/WorldCat encompasses roughly 40+ works in 80+ publications in 5 languages and 5,000+ library holdings. 
Professor Curtis became a special advisor to Newsweek when the magazine's Japanese language edition was initiated in 1986.  When the political events or changes became the news of the day, the editorial staff incorporated Curtis' analysis.  The New York Times also incorporates the analysis.
Hockingport is a census-designated place in southeastern Troy Township, Athens County, Ohio, United States. As of the 2010 census it had a population of 212. It has a post office with the ZIP code 45739.  It is located at the intersection of State Routes 124 and 144.
A post office called Hockingport has been in operation since 1838. The community was a shipping point on the Hocking River, hence the name.
Eleanora Girlani was born in 1460 to a noble family of Trino, then in the Duchy of Savoy. Having been educated by the Benedictines, she had planned to become a Benedictine nun. However, on her way to the abbey, her horse refused to take her there. Interpreting this a sign, she instead became a Carmelite nun in Parma, and was given the religious name of Archangela. She was professed in 1478.
Girlani was later elected the prioress of her monastery, and went on to  found a new Carmelite monastery in Mantua. She is remembered as a mystic who had a special devotion to the Most Holy Trinity, and was reported to have the gifts of ecstasies, and miracles, including levitation.
Widespread devotion and reports of healing arose after her death in 1494. Her cultus was confirmed on 1 October 1864 by Pope Pius IX.  Her feast day is celebrated on 13 February.
It is a small village located 12KM North from Tiruchirapalli District head quarters, 9KM from Manachanellur & 347KM from the Chennai State capital.
On 19 March 2010 the Navy issued Request for Information (RFI) N00019-UCLASS-RFI-A for planning purposes, as part of a market survey led by the Navy Program Executive Office for Unmanned Aviation and Strike Weapons [PEO (U&W)].
The greater lizardfish (Saurida tumbil) is a species of lizardfish that lives in the Indo-Pacific. They are a minor fishery.
They live in the Indo-West Pacific. More specifically, their geographic range spans from Red Sea and east coast of Africa (except Kenya), including Madagascar to the Persian Gulf, Arabian Sea, and further east to southeast Asia and Australia but they do not appear to occur in the central or eastern Pacific.
This species is found on muddy bottoms and trawling grounds. It feeds on fishes, crustaceans, and cephalopods.
Solikha Khusniddinova (Uzbek: Soliha Husniddinova; born 22 January 1998) is an Uzbekistani footballer who plays as a defender for Women's Championship club Sevinch and the Uzbekistan women's national team.
Khusniddinova capped for Uzbekistan at senior level during the 2020 AFC Women's Olympic Qualifying Tournament.
This biographical article related to women's association football in Uzbekistan is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This biographical article related to a Uzbekistani association football defender is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Male leather culture has existed since the late 1940s, when it likely grew out of post-WWII biker culture. Pioneering motorcycle clubs included the Satyrs Motorcycle Club, established in Los Angeles in 1954; Oedipus Motorcycle Club, also established in Los Angeles in 1958, and the New York Motorbike Club. Early San Francisco clubs included the Warlocks and the California Motor Club, while early clubs in Sydney included the South Pacific Motor Club (SPMC).
Aspects of leather culture beyond the sartorial can be seen in the 1970 murder mystery novel Cruising, by Jay Green. The novel was the basis for the 1980 movie Cruising,  which depicted aspects of the men's leather subculture for a wider audience.
Drummer is an American magazine targeted at gay men, originally published from 1975 to 1999; during the late 20th century, it was the most successful of the American leather magazines, and sold overseas. The publication had a major impact of spreading gay leather as a lifestyle and masculinity as a gay ideal. The magazine was originally focused on quality writings about leather but gradually changed into more of a photo magazine.
In 1979 the newly formed San Francisco lesbian motorcycle club, Dykes on Bikes, led what was then called the San Francisco Gay Freedom Day Parade for the first time and has done so ever since (since 1994, the event has been called the San Francisco Pride Parade).
Leather and Lace, a woman's leather/BDSM support and social group, was founded in Los Angeles in 1980. The women of Leather and Lace learned the "old guard" traditions from the men of Avatar. Leather and Lace had a code of conduct and a uniform that could only be worn once a member earned the right.
In a review of 48 cases of clinical fetishism in 1983, fetishes included clothing (58.3%), rubber and rubber items (22.9%), footwear (14.6%), body parts (14.6%), leather (10.4%), and soft materials or fabrics (6.3%).
By the mid-1980s, lesbian motorcycle enthusiasts in other cities besides San Francisco began to form motorcycle clubs.
In 1984, the Folsom Street Fair in San Francisco was held for the first time; it is and was the world's largest leather event and showcase for BDSM products and culture.
The leather pride flag was designed by Tony DeBlase. He first presented the design at the International Mister Leather event in Chicago, Illinois, U.S. on 28 May 1989. Initial reaction to the flag was mixed. According to DeBlase's article A Leather Pride Flag,
"Some, particularly on the east coast, reacted positively to the concept, but were quite concerned, some even offended, that I had not involved the community in helping to create the design."
In June 1989 the flag was used by the leather contingent in a Portland, Oregon pride parade, which was its first appearance at a pride parade.
In the 1980s and early 1990s, lesbian leatherwomen were often involved in helping to care for gay leathermen who had been stricken with AIDS.
In 1997 the (American) National Coalition for Sexual Freedom was founded; the NCSF's mission as described on its web page is:
The NCSF is committed to creating a political, legal and social environment in the US that advances equal rights for consenting adults who engage in alternative sexual and relationship expressions. The NCSF aims to advance the rights of, and advocate for consenting adults in the BDSM-Leather-Fetish, Swing, and Polyamory Communities. We pursue our vision through direct services, education, advocacy, and outreach, in conjunction with our partners, to directly benefit these communities.
Mark Leno was the first out leatherman to be a state legislator in the United States; he served in the California State Assembly from 2002 to 2008.
Leather & Grace, a (now defunct) organization of Unitarian Universalist kinksters, was founded in 2011, and combined a red flaming chalice with the stripes of the leather pride flag for their logo.
The LGBTQ and Leather Cultural District was created in South of Market, San Francisco in 2018. It includes the San Francisco South of Market Leather History Alley, with four works of art, which opened in 2017.
Throughout the history of the leather subculture, a variety of traditions have been observed, often diligently. While most or all are based on military protocols and ritual, these traditions varied widely between regions, causing much debate today over which traditions are the original or true traditions, or whether the "romanticized versions of leather history" ever existed at all.
As time has progressed and BDSM has become more mainstream (see below), the traditions of leather have adapted. The first major evolution has become known as "New Leather" or "New Guard". However, even this is the subject of some disagreement, as many noted authors and historians assert that there are little or no substantive differences.
Today, the leather subculture is one of many facets to semi-organized alternative sexuality. Many individuals describe long periods of introspection leading to their choice to identify as "leather". Others do not necessarily associate their leather lifestyle with BDSM, and simply enjoy the sensory experience of leather.
The more specific aesthetics of men's leather culture drew on sources including military and police uniforms. This influence is particularly evident in the graphical illustrations of leathermen found in the work of Tom of Finland. The pornographic films of one of his models Peter Berlin from Berlin, such as his 1973 film Nights in Black Leather, also reflected and promoted the leather subcultural aesthetic.
Aspects of leather culture beyond the sartorial can be seen in the 1970 murder mystery novel Cruising by Jay Green. The novel was the basis for the 1980 movie Cruising,  which depicted aspects of the men's leather subculture for a wider audience.
In the late 1970s many fans of Judas Priest, AC/DC and Meat Loaf began imitating the clothing of leathermen due to the association of such fashions with toughness. Typical heavy metal fashions in the UK, US and Australia included leather battle jackets, combat boots, studded belts, and black leather jackets like the Schott Perfecto.
Freddie Mercury of Queen began incorporating leather into his stage costumes during the band's 1978 News of the World Tour. By their 1979 Jazz Tour, Mercury was wearing a full leather outfit, which he explained was inspired by clubs he frequented. Leather jackets, trousers, and accessories would feature prominently in his wardrobe for the rest of his touring career.
In 1979 the newly formed San Francisco lesbian motorcycle club, Dykes on Bikes, led what was then called the San Francisco Gay Freedom Day Parade for the first time and has done so ever since (since 1994, the event has been called the San Francisco Pride Parade).
Leather and Lace, a woman's leather/BDSM support and social group, was founded in Los Angeles in 1980. The women of Leather and Lace learned the "old guard" traditions from the men of Avatar. Leather and Lace had a code of conduct and a uniform that could only be worn once a member earned the right. In New York, there was LSM. Only members of the club were allowed to know that LSM stood for Lesbian Sex Mafia.
By the mid-1980s, lesbian motorcycle enthusiasts in other cities besides San Francisco began to form motorcycle clubs.
In the 1980s and early 1990s, lesbian leatherwomen were often involved in helping to care for gay leathermen who had been stricken with AIDS.
Other large events include Easter in Berlin (the largest leather event in Europe), International Mr. Leather and Mister Leather Europe, and Amsterdam Leather Pride (see Wikipedia article in Dutch).
Many major cities around the world had or have legendary leather bars and clubs, and in some cases a concentration of these associated a particular district with the leather scene:
Coffmania is a genus of small yellow chironomid midges with two known species, both found in the Darjeeling and Sikkim areas of the Indian Himalayas. The generic name honours Professor W. P. Coffman of the University of Pittsburgh.
The larvae and pupae live in cool, shallow, slow-flowing water with a preference for algal mats. The larvae feed largely on other chironomid larvae and also on algae and detritus.
This article related to members of the fly family Chironomidae is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
More than 23,500 local car repair garages throughout England, Scotland and Wales, employing more than 65,800 testers, are authorised to perform testing and issue certificates. In principle, any individual in Great Britain can apply to run a MOT station, although in order to gain an authorisation from DVSA, both the individual wanting to run the station, as well as the premises, need to meet minimal criteria set out on the government's website within the so-called VT01 form.
In Northern Ireland, tests are performed exclusively at the DVA's own test centres, although currently there is an open project investigating bringing Northern Ireland into line with the rest of the United Kingdom.
In order to allow vehicles to travel from a country to another one, some international regulations require test to be performed on vehicles.
This is for instance required by the 1997 Unece agreement and by Directive 2014/45/EC on Periodic Road-worthiness tests, Directive 2014/47/EC on technical roadside inspections of commercial vehicles and Directive 2014/46/EC. 
All test stations are required to display a "VT9A Fees and Appeals" poster on their premises which must be available to the public. As of 6 April 2010, these are the maximum fees that can be charged. They are not subject to VAT.
The actual designation for the pass certificate is VT20, and failure is the VT30, with any advisories being the VT32. The MOT test will provide an emissions report if applicable.
In Great Britain MOT testing centres are regulated and licensed by the Department and Transport and DVSA for the purpose, and the individual testers carrying out the inspections also have to be trained and certified. The decision to pass or fail each presented vehicle comes down to the discretion of the tester following the guidelines issued by the DVSA.
The inspection manual can be found online. The full details must by law be provided on request by all garages licensed to perform MOT tests, and are currently published in DVSA's leaflet The MOT Test and You. An MOT pass certificate indicates that at the time of the test the vehicle met or exceeded the minimum safety standards determined by the DVSA guidelines.
A vehicle that has no front- and rear-position lights fitted or has had those lights permanently removed, painted or masked-over is exempt from the lighting sections of the MOT test. An advisory note will be provided on the VT32 as a reminder that the vehicle should only be used during daylight hours and not used at times of seriously reduced visibility.
This is sometimes incorrectly referred to as a "Daytime MOT", but there is no official distinction. It is the Road Vehicles Lighting Regulations that prevent an unlit vehicle being used on the road after dark, not the MOT.
Bonnet, horn, sharp edges, boot lid, lamps, steering wheel, brake pedal anti-slip, loading door, tailboard, direction indicators, mirrors, tailgate, doors rear reflectors, VIN, drop sides, registration plates, windscreen and glass, fuel filler cap, seat belts, wipers and washers, hazard warning, seats, wheels and tyres.
After the 10-day period a full MOT test will have to be carried out. The full MOT test fee is charged again.
Test stations and the DVSA's website provide full and up-to-date information regarding MOT re-tests.
The fee for testing and retesting is at the discretion of the proprietor of the test facility, subject to legal maximum prices. The vehicle owner is only subject to one retest per MOT test. If the vehicle fails the MOT retest it is then subject to a full MOT test at the full MOT test fee.
If the items in question are repaired, replaced or removed from the vehicle, the right of the owner to appeal becomes null and void. Failure because of items easily replaceable, such as tyres or windscreen wiper blades, may not be appealed against, as it cannot be adequately determined if they were the ones fitted at the time of inspection.
DVSA/DVA has only the power to discipline the station involved and cannot pursue compensation of any kind for the complainant; that is the responsibility of Trading Standards. An MOT station cannot be held responsible for defects that occur to the vehicle several months after the test was conducted. The appeal process is outlined on the reverse of the VT20 pass certificate and the VT30 failure notice.
It is a common misconception that the MOT inspection provides an irrefutable record of a vehicle's mileage. However, although the mileage is recorded during the test, no part of the inspection requires the test station to verify that this is indeed the actual mileage. It is merely recorded, and any tampering of an odometer would not be discovered as part of the MOT inspection.
In 2012 the MOT test was radically overhauled with many items not previously included in the test now becoming standard.
From 18 November, the MOT certificate shows the vehicle's recent mileage history. This has been introduced as part of a government initiative to reduce vehicle crime. Where available, the mileage history will comprise the readings associated with the three most recent VT20s (test passes) along with the date of those readings.
From 20 May 2018, the way that the MOT test works in England, Scotland and Wales changes to comply with EU Directive 2014/45. This involves some changes to the way the test is carried out and reported, with the basic essence of the test remaining the same. After the change date, vehicles first registered 40 or more years prior will not need to undergo an MOT test.
From 1 October 2019, the way that the MOT test works in England, Scotland and Wales changed to comply with the new connected equipment legislation. This only applies to any applications to open a new MOT centre, reopen an MOT centre or make a change of ownership of an MOT centre.
From 1 April 2020, all class 4 vehicle MOT expiry dates were extended by 6 months if it is due on or after 30 March 2020. This has been implemented due to the coronavirus outbreak across the UK. Although the 6 month exemption was granted, vehicles that were still being used were required to be kept in a roadworthy condition, and penalties were still being issued for driving a vehicle in a dangerous condition.
Emissions tests on diesel cars have not been carried out during MOTs in Northern Ireland for 13 years, despite being a legal requirement.
The men's 50 metre backstroke competition of the swimming events at the 2013 Mediterranean Games took place on June 21 at the Mersin Olympic Swimming Pool in Mersin, Turkey.
Sybrinus is a genus of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae, containing the following species:
Eunice Lake is a glacial lake located in Pierce County, Washington and in the northwest part of Mount Rainier National Park. The lake was named after Eunice Sargent Roth by her husband Andy (Adolph) Roth who grew up in Washogal and was active in the forest service for many years.  The lake is a popular area for hiking.
This Pierce County, Washington state location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
HMS Petard was an Admiralty M-class destroyer destroyer built by Denny for the Royal Navy, commenced 5 July 1915 and launched on 24 March 1916. She saw service during the First World War. Postwar, she was sold for breaking up on 9 May 1921.
This article about a specific destroyer of the United Kingdom is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The squadron became part of the new Royal Air Force on 1 April 1918. As it was assigned to patrol to the north of London where attacks were less likely, it retained its obsolete B.E.12s well into 1918, receiving its first modern S.E.5s in May. In October 1918, the squadron re-equipped with Sopwith Camels and in December replaced these by Sopwith Snipes. The squadron moved to Biggin Hill in March 1919 and in July 1919 it was renumbered as No. 39 Squadron RAF.
On 2 October 1945 37 Squadron moved to Aqir, moving again to Shallufa in Egypt in December, disbanding there on 31 March 1946. On 15 April 1946, 214 Squadron, an Avro Lancaster-equipped bomber squadron based at RAF Fayid in Egypt, was renumbered No. 37 which flew  bombers until it was disbanded again on 1 April 1947.
Gibson was born near Conwy, Wales, where his father was a market gardener.  When he was nine years old the family were on the point of emigrating to America, but his mother put a stop to this plan on their arrival at Liverpool, where they settled, and where Gibson was sent to school. He became fascinated by the displays in the windows of the city's print shops. The painter and printseller John Turmeau lent him some drawings and plaster casts to copy.
Throughout most of his time in Rome Gibson had an alleged relationship with the Welsh artist Penry Williams
Gibson was elected R.A. in 1836, and bequeathed all his property and the contents of his studio to the Royal Academy, where his marbles and casts are open to the public as of 2005[update]. He died at Rome on 7 January 1866 and was buried in the Protestant Cemetery there.
In all worldly affairs and the business of daily life he was simple and guileless in the extreme; but was resolute in matters of principle. He was visited by William Dean Howells in Naples who described him as "dressed with extraordinary slovenliness and indifference to clothes, had no collar, I think, and evidently did not know what he had one Everything about him bespoke the utmost unconsciousness and democratic plainness of life."
The letters between Gibson and Margaret Sandbach, granddaughter of William Roscoe, and a sketch of his life that lady induced him to write, furnish the chief materials for his biography. See his Life, edited by Lady Eastlake.
After his graduation from Beijing Dance Academy in 2005, Sun Rui joined Beijing Dance Academy Youth Troupe as a classical dancer. In 2008, he joined Beijing Contemporary Dance Theatre. Because of his outstanding dancing skills and styles, Sun Rui showed up in numerous performances both nationally and internationally.
Obum Gwacham (born March 20, 1991) is a Nigerian professional gridiron football defensive end for the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League (CFL). He has played for the New Orleans Saints and the New York Jets. He played college football for the Oregon State Beavers.
On Saturday, May 2, 2015, Gwacham was drafted by the Seattle Seahawks with the 209th pick in the sixth round.
On September 6, 2015, he was claimed off waivers by the New Orleans Saints. He was placed on injured reserve on September 28, 2016. On September 2, 2017, the Saints released Gwacham.
Gwacham was selected by the Tampa Bay Vipers in the 21st Round (round one of phase three) of the 2020 XFL Draft. He was placed on injured reserve before the start of the season on January 21, 2020. He was activated from injured reserve on February 24, 2020. He had his contract terminated when the league suspended operations on April 10, 2020.
German submarine U-670 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. The submarine was laid down on 25 November 1941 at the Howaldtswerke yard at Hamburg, launched on 15 December 1942, and commissioned on 26 January 1943 under the command of Oberleutnant zur See Guido Hyronimus.
Attached to 5th U-boat Flotilla based at Kiel, U-670 collided during training in the Baltic Sea with the target ship Bolkoburg and sank. Of her crew of 43, 22 survived while 21 perished in the accident.
He was nominated by President John Dramani Mahama to be the vice-president a week after Mahama himself was sworn in. This followed the sudden death of John Atta Mills on 24 July 2012. He was sworn in as Vice-President on 6 August 2012, following vetting by the Parliament of Ghana.
He attended the Aboom Methodist 'B' Primary School in Cape Coast and passed the Common Entrance examination from the Akim Oda Methodist School in 1964. He completed his secondary education at the Mfantsipim School, where he obtained the GCE Ordinary Level in 1969 and the GCE Advanced Level in 1971. At Mfantsipim, he was a resident of Lockhart-Schweitzer House. He proceeded to the University of Ghana at Legon, where he obtained the B.Sc. in 1974 and M.Sc. in 1976, both in Economics.
He went into politics until 1997 when he resigned from the public sector and went into finance and economic consultancy.  He worked as a consultant for the World Bank in The Gambia. He also served as a consultant for the Netherlands' government education project in Ghana. He then worked as Senior Economist for the Sigma One Corporation in Ghana between 1998 and 2000. Between 2001 and 2002, he was on assignment for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Denmark.
Amissah-Arthur was married to Matilda Amissah-Arthur with two children, Kwesi, an ophthalmologist-academic and Araba, a lawyer. He was a Christian and was known to worship at the Calvary Methodist Church at Adabraka in Accra. He enjoyed football and playing of Tennis. Due to his love for sports especially football, he was a supporter and a major shareholder in the football club, the Accra Hearts of Oak S.C.
The Ghanaian government renamed the Moree Senior High School as Amissah-Arthur Senior High School, Moree in his memory. A learning centre, consisting of a library and an ICT complex, located at Ohawu in the Volta Region was named in his honour. On the occasion of the first anniversary of his death, his family sponsored the establishment of a doctoral fellowship and a research chair at the Department of Economics at the University of Ghana.
Nabila, and its variant spellings Nabeela, Nabilah, and Nabeelah, is the feminine variation of the given name Nabil, meaning noble. Notable people with the name include:
His radio career began in 1952 with KOLJ in his native Quanah, Texas.  While attending Texas Christian University, he worked as a disc jockey at KCUL in Fort Worth.  His shows were The House of Wax and The Man on the Beat.  From 1959-1961 he worked for KLIF in Dallas.  He also worked at KILT in Houston.
At the news department of KOGO in San Diego, Gilliland used the pseudonyms of John Land and Johnny Land.
 In 1965, Gilliland came to the news department of KRLA radio in Los Angeles County, where he became one of the original members of The Credibility Gap which mixed topical humor along with their news broadcasts.  Fellow founding member Richard Beebe said of him that
Even though John was an integral part of the "Gap," working on the Pop Chronicles was always number one for him. It seemed like he was always working on it. John was a very talented guy and a lot of fun.
  Gilliland researched this radio documentary, The Pop Chronicles, for over two years prior to its broadcast.  He interviewed many famous musicians for this show.  It covered popular music of the 1950s and 1960s, was originally broadcast on KRLA 1110, later broadcast on many other stations, and now can be heard online.
Meme is an indie-pop music project created by producer Danny Burke and singer/lyricist Lizzie Brown based in Minneapolis, Minnesota.  
The couple began making music together after-hours at In the Groove Music's studio where Danny Burke works as a producer and songwriter. The group's sound combines Lizzie Brown's ethereal pop voice and sense of melody with Danny Burke's ambient electro-acoustic songs.  The group has been featured on multiple television shows and movies including Jersey Shore, Gossip Girl, From Prada to Nada, and The Real L Word.
Meme's first self-titled disc was released in the summer of 2010. Their second disc, Primary Colours, was scheduled to release in the summer of 2011.
This article on a United States band or other musical ensemble is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Attayampatti is a panchayat town located southwest to the Salem City in Salem district, Tamil Nadu, India.
Attayampatti Lake is one of the chief sources of groundwater supply in the town and is the major source for farming.
As of 2001[update] India census, Attayampatti had a population of 12,867. Males constitute 52% of the population and females 48%. Attayampatti has an average literacy rate of 64%, which is higher than the national average of 59.5%, with 58% of the males and 42% of females being literate. Of the population, 11% is under 6 years of age. 
Public health centre (Government Hospital) is located at Nainampatty. Police Station and Post Office are available.  Its Postal Index Number is 637501. STD code is 0427. 
Attayampatti is known for its murukku, a snack made of rice flour. Most of the residents in the town make murukku and sell it in front of their house.
The town has two separate government schools for boys and girls. There are 3 more Private schools here.
This article related to a location in Salem district, Tamil Nadu, India is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
She was part of the Greek national team awarded the gold medal at the 2011 World Aquatics Championships which took place in Shanghai in July 2011.
This biographical article relating to a Greek water polo figure is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Steven Michael Davies (born 17 June 1986) is an English first-class cricketer, a left-handed batsman who plays for Somerset. He bats in the middle order in first-class cricket and opens in limited-overs. He started as a wicket-keeper, playing ODI and Twenty20 cricket in this role for England and has stated a desire to return to this position.
Educated at King Charles I School in Kidderminster, Davies began his career playing for Worcestershire in 2001, playing a number of games in second eleven cricket and in the ECB 38-County Cup, and played one C&G Trophy match in each of the following two seasons. In February and March 2004 he appeared for England Under-19s in the Under-19 World Cup in Bangladesh, averaging 55.25 from six innings.
In 2004 he made his senior Worcestershire debut, in a one-day game against Sri Lanka A. He also played for the England Under-19s in the home series against Bangladesh, and captained the side on tour in India throughout the series of three "Tests" and five "One-Day Internationals". In 2004, too, Davies was awarded the NBC Denis Compton Award.
Davies made his first-class debut against Loughborough UCCE in April 2005, making 6 and 37 as his county succumbed to an unimpressive eight-wicket defeat. An unsuccessful totesport League match against Nottinghamshire followed a few days later, but nevertheless he opened the batting for Worcestershire in County Championship games against Somerset and Durham.
After his first call up to the England A squad, Davies scored 192, to date his highest first-class score, against Gloucestershire in June 2006, sharing a partnership worth 345 runs with Vikram Solanki (who scored 222), and also taking five first-innings catches.
Towards the end of the 2008 domestic season, Davies hit an outstanding run of form in the 40-over Natwest League, in which he both kept wicket and opened the batting; his scores in August were 16 off 18 balls, 103 not out off 100, 59 off 53, 92 off 93, and 119 off 87 (the 103* and 119 being his first two limited overs centuries). This excellent run of form resulted in his inclusion in the England ODI squad for the 2009 tour of West Indies.
On 14 September 2016, Surrey announced that Davies had turned down a new contract so would leave the club at the end of the season. Davies then signed a three-year deal with Somerset, with the aim of returning to both wicket-keeping and international cricket.
On 19 September 2005 Davies was named in the 17-man ECB National Academy squad. In March 2006, he was called up to the England A squad to replace Chris Read, who had returned home after a burglary at his house. He was named in the England A squad touring Bangladesh in 2007.
He made his Twenty20 International debut for England, opening the batting along with Ravi Bopara against the West Indies in Port of Spain on 15 March 2009, top-scoring with 27 from 21 balls as England reached 55 for 1, before collapsing to 121 all out.
In October 2009, Davies was called up to England's Test squad for the first time. Geoff Miller, England's chairman of selectors, said "Steven is a player of great potential who has been a consistent performer for his county and he will act as understudy to Matt Prior in South Africa". Although part of the Test squad, Davies was not selected for the ODI squad on the tour.
Davies had to wait until England toured the UAE in January 2012 for a recall. He was included as cover for Prior in the 16-man squad to face Pakistan in three Tests.
Davies is openly gay; he came out publicly on 27 February 2011 in an interview with The Daily Telegraph. He had come out to his family five years earlier and was also already out to his teammates. He became the first male international cricketer to come out as gay.
Tutti Pazzi Per Amore is an Italian television series that aired on Rai 1 from December 7, 2008 to January 1, 2012, consisting of three seasons.
The show is set in Rome and follows the love story between a single father, Paolo Giorgi, and a single mother, Laura Del Fiore, and the adventures of the extended family that originates from their relationship.  The main characters are Paolo Giorgi and his daughter Cristina, Laura Del Fiore and her son Emanuele and her daughter Nina. Around these main characters develops the story of their grandparents, their uncles and aunts, their colleagues and friends.
In 2009 Tutti Pazzi Per Amore has won the Premio Regia Televisiva in the category best fiction. For her portrayal of Lea, the actress Sonia Bergamasco has received the prize for best actress in a supporting role at the RomaFictionFest 2009.
This article relating to the superfamily Copromorphoidea is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
By the 19th century, the standard form for playing cards had become fixed in most of Europe and America.  French cards used hearts, diamonds, spades and clubs.  German cards used acorns, leaves, hearts and bells.  It was at this time that designers in Germany, France and England began to draw small figures around the pips.
An article entitled "Playing Card Squiggles." was published in the December 1910 issue of Strand Magazine.  Several Cotta cards were pictured, erroneously attributed to an unnamed French artist.  Strand subsequently asked its readers to submit their own designs for card squiggles, which the magazine periodically published.  John Butler Yeats was one of the first to contribute a card design to the magazine.  The feature remained popular for some time.
Some[who?] have estimated that around 70 different transformation decks were created throughout the entire nineteenth century, which by modern standards is a relatively small number. This period of time also witnessed progression with this art-form. By the late 19th century more colourful and creative transformation decks by Vanity Fair and Harlequin appeared, which showed pips incorporated into artwork that depicted people dining, skating, playing tennis and riding bicycles.
Transformation playing cards like Art for the Earth by The Friends of the Earth and Under the Sea by the Marine Stewardship Counsel, are created for charity purposes, with different artists contributing art for each card.  Similarly, other collective projects like Ultimate Deck from Dan & Dave and Stranger & Stranger or the series from Black Rock Collective brings multiple artists together to create semi-transformation decks.
With the advent of Kickstarter and other crowdfunded websites, individual artists are more easily able to bring transformation and semi-transformation decks to the public.
This biographical article relating to a Canadian ice hockey defenceman born in the 1910s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
It is a part of the parish of Audley Rural, which comprises Audley, Bignall End, Wood Lane, Miles Green, Halmer End and Alsagers Bank.
There are two public houses, The Swan (or "the duck") on Chapel Street and the Plough on Ravens Lane.  Bignall End Working Men's Club was demolished and had residential accommodation built on it. Audley Football Club is also in Bignall End.
In 1851, Bignall End was described as having "a number of scattered houses and cottages, one mile E of Audley, and several collieries".
Three England cricketers, Jack Ikin, Bob Taylor and Kim Barnett have played for Bignall End Cricket Club
"I Want My Life Back" is a song written by Frank Myers and Anthony L. Smith, and recorded by American country music artist Bucky Covington.  It was released in April 2009 as the fourth single of his career, and the lead-off single from his album I'm Alright, which went unreleased when his label folded.  The single was later included as part of Good Guys, Covington's formal second studio album in 2012.
"I Want My Life Back" is a ballad, backed primarily with percussion, strings, and steel guitar. The narrator describes a homeless man he meets, who doesn't want food or money, but instead longs for the pleasures of life that were taken away from him (such as his job and his home).
"I Want My Life Back" debuted at number 58 on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs chart for the week of April 18, 2009. The song entered the Top 40 of the country charts for the chart week of May 29, 2009 and reached a peak of number 32 in June 2009. 
In theology, he was a supporter of Lutheran orthodoxy and starkly rejected liberal theology and rationalistic interpretation of the Bible.
This biographical article about a Polish religious figure is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Up2Us, doing business as Up2Us Sports, is a sport-based youth development non-profit organization founded in 2010 dedicated to supporting young people through sport. Through their national coach program, Up2Us identifies, trains and supports coaches, many of whom serve as AmeriCorps members, to work with young people in underserved communities around the country. Their training teaches strategies for coaches to work with young people who have dealt with trauma.
Street Soccer USA is a non-profit organization under the umbrella of HELP USA that promotes the growth and development of a national network of grassroots soccer programs to achieve social change. SSUSA aims to get homeless men, women, and youth off the streets through innovative, sports-based solutions to eradicate homelessness and poverty in the United States. As of 2010, SSUSA has 18 teams across the United States.
Reviving Baseball in Inner Cities (RBI) is a youth baseball program operated by Major League Baseball.  This youth initiative is designed to provide young people from underserved and diverse communities the opportunity to play baseball and softball.  The program was created by John Young in 1989 in Los Angeles, and now serves more than 200 communities.
CityLax is based in New York City. Since the organization started in 2005, it has described itself as "school-centric." CityLax functions on the idea that schools are the best environment for students and athletes alike to build on their abilities and work towards self-improvement. The organization brings lacrosse into the public school sphere to provide more opportunities to learn, both on and off the field.
Play for Life International, founded in 2007, helps over 700 children per year. The organization provides a secure community for at-risk children. As stated on the website, "We give children a safe place to play while fighting the battle of idle time."
Cricket for Change, founded in 1981 in the UK, has had thirty years of impacting the lives of disadvantaged children.
Hoops 4 Hope is a non-profit organization in South Africa that uses basketball to help children from underserved areas become proactive leaders in their individual lives and in their communities. It has been in existence for over 15 years. Hoops 4 Hope, in conjunction with its sister organization Soccer 4 Hope, has given 10,000 children the opportunity to participate in sports.
Peace Players International has been working for almost a decade "to unite, educate and inspire young people in divided communities through basketball". There are 52,000 children involved in South Africa, Northern Ireland, Israel and the West Bank and Cyprus.
The curriculum has a grounding in academic research and is based on classical learning theories. Sporting activities and games are structured into each session to make them fun and appealing to children. Sessions are designed to represent real-life situations and challenges so children are able to relate these back to their daily lives.
Rugby League Against Violence (RLAV) is an organisation that operates in both Australia and Papua New Guinea, using rugby league as a vehicle for development. It aims to change attitudes towards women and promote respectful relationships as a way of reducing levels of family, gender-based and domestic violence in both nations.
Building extensive networks in the private, governmental and non-governmental sectors in addition to composing a solid organisational framework and acquiring the appropriate resources is the recipe to success. There are foundations internationally that offer grants.
The Tripartite Indenture of 1856, was an agreement between the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, the City of Boston, and the Boston Water Power Company signed December 11, 1856.  The agreement settled the plan for the development of Boston's Back Bay, then a tidal flat. 
The compromise is particularly significant because the decisions of the parties have had lasting impacts today.  As part of the agreement, land was set aside for specific purposes, including the parks and public institutions that are now a part of Back Bay.  It also heavily influenced the grid-and-alleyway system that is today part of the Commonwealth Avenue neighborhood. Now established as a residential-only district.
This article relating to the history of the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Ro-63, originally named Submarine No. 84, was an Imperial Japanese Navy Type L submarine of the L4 subclass. First commissioned in 1924, she served in the waters of Japan prior to World War II. During World War II, she operated in the Central Pacific and took part in the Aleutian Islands campaign, then in late 1942 was relegated to a role as a training ship and tender for midget submarines. After the war ended in 1945, she surrendered to the Allies, who scuttled her in 1946.
On 10 December 1928, Submarine Division 24 was transferred back to the Sasebo Naval District and began service in the Sasebo Defense Division. Ro-63 was decommissioned  on 10 March 1929 and placed in reserve at Maizuru, but was recommissioned on 29 June 1929. While proceeding to Sasebo, Japan, on 13 November 1929 after conducting diving exercises with Ro-64, Ro-63 collided off Sasebo with the small Japanese motor vessel Segawa Maru, suffering minor damage to her starboard bow.
Submarine Division 24 returned to duty in Submarine Squadron 1 in the 1st Fleet on 30 November 1929. It transferred back to the Sasebo Naval District on 1 December 1930 and began a stint in the Sasebo Defense Division on 1 December 1931. Ro-63 again was decommissioned on 1 December 1932 and placed in reserve at Maizuru.
Ro-63 departed Kwajalein on 7 January 1942 and called at Truk in the Caroline Islands from 11 to 15 January before getting back underway in company with Ro-64 and Ro-68 to conduct a reconnaissance of Rabaul on New Britain in the Admiralty Islands. She then patrolled south of Cape St. George on New Ireland before returning to Truk on 29 January 1942.
After her repairs were completed, Ro-63 departed Maizuru on 5 June 1942, arrived at Saipan on 13 June, and then made for Truk. Recalled to Japan, she departed Truk on 27 June 1942 bound for Yokosuka, Japan, which she reached on 4 July 1942.
On 14 September 1942, Ro-63 was anchored at Kiska when American aircraft raided the base. She submerged to avoid attack, but a bomb a United States Army Air Forces Eleventh Air Force B-24 Liberator dropped nonetheless damaged one of her periscopes while she was underwater. Submarine Division 33 was attached directly to the 51st Base Unit at Kiska on 15 September 1942, and Ro-63 carried out another Aleutians patrol from 22 to 24 September 1942.
While Ro-63 was at Kiska on 25 September 1942, Submarine Division 33 was reassigned to the Kure Naval District. Ro-63, Ro-64, and Ro-68 departed Kiska on 26 September 1942 bound for Maizuru, where they arrived on 5 October 1942.
Ro-63 departed Maizuru on 6 November 1942 and arrived at Kure on 8 November 1942. Thereafter, Submarine Division 33 was assigned to training duties in the Kure Naval District. It was assigned to the Kure Submarine Squadron on 1 December 1943.
The Japanese struck Ro-63 from the Navy list on 20 November 1945. Allied forces scuttled her in the Iyo Nada in the Seto Inland Sea in May 1946.
Apolabis is a genus of earwigs in the subfamily Anisolabidinae. It was cited by Srivastava in Part 2 of Fauna of India.
The 2000 Ivy League Baseball Championship Series took place at Bill Clarke Field in Princeton, New Jersey on May 6, 2000.  The series matched the regular season champions of each of the league's two divisions.  Princeton, the winner of the series, claimed their second title and the Ivy League's automatic berth in the 2000 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament.   It was Princeton's fifth appearance in the Championship Series, all of which were consecutive.
On June 14, 2018, Poulianitis left Aris and joined Kymis of the Greek Basket League. On August 16, 2019, Poulianitis signed a two-year deal with Kolossos Rodou, but only spent one season with them. 
After winning the 2nd division championship with Apollon Patras in the 2020-2021 season, Poulianitis agreed to return to Aris on August 11, 2021.
Poulianitis was a member of the Greek junior national teams. With the junior national teams of Greece, Poulianitis played at the 2011 FIBA Europe Under-16 Championship, the 2014 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship, and the 2015 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship.
Poulianitis has origin from Trikala. His father Vangelis is a former basketball player who played in the Greek Basketball League with Panellinios and Philippos Thessaloniki.
This biographical article relating to a Greek basketball figure is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Annweiler has a primary school and a secondary school ( Staatliche Realschule Annweiler ) which was a partner school with the William Lovell Secondary School in Stickney, Lincolnshire. There is also a school for people with learning disabilities and a vocational school and the Trifels-Gymnasium evangelical grammar school.
Lorna Margaret Hutson, FBA (born 27 November 1958) is the ninth Merton Professor of English Literature and a fellow of Merton College, Oxford. Together with Professor John Hudson, she is a director of the Centre for Medieval and Early Modern Law and Literature at the University of St Andrews.
Hutson was born in Berlin, in what was then West Germany, on 27 November 1958, to John Whiteford Hutson, a British career diplomat, and his wife, Doris Kemp. She attended St Hilary's School, Edinburgh and Tormead School, Guildford. She studied at Somerville College, Oxford graduating with an MA (Hons) with first class honours, and received a DPhil in 1983.
In 2016 she was elected as a fellow of the British Academy, in May gave the British Academy's Shakespeare Lecture, and in September took up the post of Merton Professor of English Literature, becoming a fellow of Merton College, Oxford.
The Medicine Wheel/Medicine Mountain National Historic Landmark (formerly known as the Bighorn Medicine Wheel) is a medicine wheel located in the Bighorn National Forest, in the U.S. state of Wyoming. The Medicine Wheel at Medicine Mountain is a large stone structure made of local white limestone laid upon a bedrock of limestone. It is both a place of sacred ceremony and scientific inquiry. In Native Science these uses are not distinguished as separate as they are in Western science.
The cultural history of the Big Horn Mountains, home to the Big Horn Medicine Wheel, dates back over ten thousand years.
The Arapaho call the Big Horn Medicine Wheel "Hiieeinoonotii." A detailed account of ceremonial use of the Bighorn Medicine Wheel by the Arapaho was related in 1993 by Paul Moss in a landmark of Native American oral tradition.
Tom Yellowtail (Crow) told the story of Burnt Face building a medicine wheel in the Bighorn Mountains and receiving help from the Little People. After the Little People healed his face, Burnt Face came down from the Bighorns, rejoined his people, and built what is now called the Fort Smith Wheel. This Wheel has similar stellar and solar alignments to the Big Horn Medicine Wheel, adjusted for landscape changes and latitude.
Further, he found that cairn pairs FO, FA, and FB correspond to the rising points of the stars Sirius, Aldebaran, and Rigel, respectively. Observing the first yearly heliacal rising of these stars would have been an effective tool for determining the progress of the solar year, as the first heliacal rise of a star occurs on the same date (relative to the solstices) each year.
In 1903, Stephen Simms of the Chicago Field Museum published a scientific paper on his visit to the Wheel. His diagram looks only slightly similar to the Big Horn Medicine Wheel that is now a Historic Landmark.  More than one medicine wheel existed in the Bighorn Mountains previous to 1916. Cut Ear, a Crow guide, would accompany people to wheels in the Bighorn Mountains. One article in the Sheridan Post talks of finding another wheel about 60miles from the first wheel.
The site was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1970, and renamed as the Medicine Wheel/Medicine Mountain National Historic Landmark in 2011.
Like most Australian Cryptocarya fruit, removal of the fleshy aril is advised to assist seed germination, which is slow but reliable with Cryptocarya rigida.
"Beloved" is a single by VNV Nation from their album Futureperfect. It was released in 2002, with the release of the album.
Egan Frantz (born 1986) is an American artist. He is known for producing large-scale, abstract paintings wherein passages of vivid color stand out sharply against measured visual fields.
This article about a painter from the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Crimson Lake received its name from the striking colours of the setting sun reflecting on the surface of its waters seen by an earlier trapper. It is a small, clear, shallow lake set in the meeting spot of foothills pine forests, aspen parkland, bog and muskeg ecosystems. Located on the northeast shore of the lake is Pioneer Ranch Camp, a Christian summer camp within the park's boundaries.
Crimson Lake Provincial Parks offers many recreational activities. There is a public access, groomed beach along the shores of Crimson Lake. Located very near to the beach is a public campground and numerous day access areas.
Twin Lakes offers fishing, ice fishing and boating. Fish species include Fathead Minnow, Northern Pike, Pearl Dave, Rainbow Trout, White Sucker, and Yellow Perch.
Crimson Lake's campground offers 169 units. Equipped with showers, washrooms, firewood, a playground, boat launch and sewage disposal, 62 of the campsites have power hookups. Recycling bins are located at garbage stations. Pets must be kept on leashes. Fire wood can be bought daily and cutting from live trees can result in a fine. There are three picnic shelters and four creative play areas.
Bird watching in the reeds along the lakeside is common as the park has populations of sandhill cranes, boreal owls, northern pygmy-owls, greater yellowlegs, western tangers and solitary sandpipers.  Fish species in Twin Lakes include Fathead Minnow, Northern Pike, Pearl Dave, Rainbow Trout, White Sucker, and Yellow Perch.
In the summer months, black bears are frequent within the park and nearby areas. Occasionally grizzly bears are sighted as well. Bear safety is important and park conservation officers are available to share information and safety brochures. Moose and deer are abundant and commonly viewed. The area also has beaver, red squirrel, shrew and occasionally cougars.
Boating is a very common pastime on Crimson Lake. Because Crimson lake is located in a marshy landscape the leach population is high but that does not stop people from swimming.
Colchester United Football Club is an English football club based in Colchester, Essex. Formed in 1937 from the remnants of the former Colchester Town football club, United competed in the Southern Football League from their foundation until 1950, when they were elected to the Football League.
Ex-England international centre-half Jimmy Allen took over in 1948 and led Colchester to Football League election in the summer of 1950.
Fenton's replacement was former Stoke City and England centre-half Neil Franklin. His spell in charge saw Colchester bounce between the Third and Fourth Divisions, and he was sacked following his second relegation to Division Four.
When Colchester United held its annual general meeting in September 1972, Graham was so incensed of the questioning of his team and tactics by a shareholder that he tendered his resignation. A month later, Jim Smith was appointed manager, who had led Boston United to the Northern Premier League title. Smith later left to join Second Division side Blackburn Rovers in the summer of 1975. His coach Bobby Roberts was appointed manager.
Under Roberts' stewardship, Colchester were relegated from the Third Division in his first season in charge, but made another immediate return the following season. Following another relegation in 1981, and a drop in form in the Fourth Division, Roberts was asked to resign in April 1982. He refused and was sacked a month later.
Steve Wignall was named as new Colchester manager in January 1995. Under Wignall's management, the U's finished as runners-up in the 1997 Football League Trophy Final and won promotion via the 1998 Football League Third Division play-off Final. Wignall quit in 1999 citing that he had taken his team as far as he could and was frustrated at the role agents were playing in transfer deals he was trying to set up.
Ghislain N'Clomande Konan (born 27 December 1995) is an Ivorian professional footballer who plays as a left-back for French Ligue 1 club Stade de Reims and the Ivory Coast national team.
This biographical article related to football in Ivory Coast is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Born in Acquaviva Palace in Caserta, where the royal family lived before the Royal Palace of Caserta was built, he was the fifth son of Charles III of Spain and Maria Amalia of Saxony. A humanist devoted to arts, he bore a striking resemblance to his elder brother Charles IV. At the death of his uncle Ferdinand VI of Spain, who he never met, his parents, brothers Charles and Gabriel, and sisters Maria Luisa and Maria Josefa departed for Spain where his father ruled as Charles III.
He headed the Junta Suprema de Gobierno, in the absence of his brother and nephew, when they tried to humor Napoleon in Bayonne.
After 14 years at the club, Lykkegaard took the trip all the way from the youth rank s to the first team squad, where he got his professional debut in the Danish Superliga against FC Copenhagen on 13 December 2020. Lykkegaard started on the bench, before replacing Daniel Svensson in the 78th minute. Lykkegaard did also play in the following league game against FC Midtjylland. Those two games was his only professional appearances in the 2020-21 season.
Construction of the power station started on 1 February 1990 and the first unit was commissioned on 31 July 1993.[citation needed] It was constructed and credited by the China National Machinery and Equipment Import and Export Corporation.
 Rarities is the name of two separate and unrelated compilation albums by the English rock band the Beatles. The first was released in the United Kingdom in December, 1978, while the second album was issued in the United States in March, 1980.
Rarities is a British compilation album featuring a selection of songs by The Beatles. The album was originally released as part of The Beatles Collection, a box set featuring all other Beatles records, but was later released individually. The album has not been released on CD, but all of the tracks are available on the double CD compilation Past Masters.
Rarities was conceived to include lesser-known songs that were not included on any other original Beatles album. These included B-sides of singles, two German-language recordings, the tracks from an EP with exclusive material, a song recorded for the American market and a version of "Across the Universe" that had previously appeared on a World Wildlife Fund charity record.
The album was released on 2 November 1978 in the UK, as part of the British edition of The Beatles Collection box set. On 12 October 1979, Rarities was issued as a stand-alone album in the United Kingdom.
The US pressing of Rarities included in the limited edition numbered boxed set of The Beatles Collection contained "I Want to Hold Your Hand" rather than "Komm, Gib Mir Deine Hand," and "She Loves You" rather than "Sie Liebt Dich".
Although the Capitol Rarities album was geared towards the American market, it was also issued in several other countries, including Australia, Canada, France, Japan and New Zealand. The Rarities album has not been released on compact disc. All but three of the tracks were subsequently made available on other Beatles CDs, such as the Beatles' 2009 mono and stereo box sets.
The Lewisville Leopards are an American professional basketball team based out of Lewisville, Texas, and a member of The Basketball League (TBL).
On August 18, 2019, Evelyn Magley, CEO of The Basketball League (TBL), announced a new franchise called the Lewisville Yellow Jackets sponsored and owned by Creating Young Minds located in Lewisville, Texas. Creating Young Minds also operates CYM Academy, a high school and amateur team. The team was renamed the Lewisville Leopards following their inaugural pandemic-shortened season.
Note: Flags indicate national team eligibility at FIBA sanctioned events. Players may hold other non-FIBA nationality not displayed.
Jin employs extremely complex tone sandhi, or tone changes that occur when words are put together into phrases. The tone sandhi of Jin is notable in two ways among Chinese varieties:[citation needed]
In addition, there are a number of words in Jin that evolved, evidently, by splitting a mono-syllabic word into two, adding an 'l' in between (cf. Ubbi Dubbi, but with /l/ instead of /b/). For example:
Some dialects of Jin make a three-way distinction in demonstratives. (Modern English, for example, has only a two-way distinction between "this" and "that", with "yon" being archaic.)
A Greek inscription on the wall of one of the town's oldest churches (Saint John the Baptist) testifies to the existence of an ancient Greek settlement under the name Aiginion.
It was named "Kalabaka" six or seven centuries ago. It is of Turkish origin and means "powerful fortress". It has been Anglicized variously as Kalampaka, Kalambaka or Kalabaki.[citation needed]
The town is situated at the foot of the Meteora peaks. It is inhabited by an important native-indigenous community of Greek Vlachs.
Born in Nazareth during the Ottoman era, A-Dahar was a member of Nazareth's city council for thirty years. In 1959 he was elected to the Knesset on the Progress and Development list. He retained his seat in the 1961 elections, but lost it in the 1965 elections. He died in 1984.
Set in the fictional town of Ramville near North Bay, Ontario, the series focuses on Gordie, Julie, Maureen and Christian, four members of the fan club for the town's senior hockey team, the Radiateurs Dufresne.
This article about a television show originating in Canada is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Sergio Lasam Utleg, D.D., (born in Solana, Cagayan, September 11, 1943), is a prelate of the Roman Catholic Church in the Philippines.  He is the former Archbishop of Tuguegarao in Tuguegarao, Philippines and succeeded Archbishop Diosdado Talamayan. On October 18, 2019, his resignation was accepted by Pope Francis, appointing Alaminos Bishop Ricardo Baccay as his successor.
Sergio Utleg was ordained priest of Tuguegarao, Philippines on March 30, 1968. He was ordained Bishop on March 17, 1997 in St. Peter's Cathedral, Tuguegarao, Cagayan. He then succeeded as Bishop of Ilagan on July 26, 1999. Then-Bishop Utleg was appointed by Pope Benedict XVI as Bishop of Laoag on November 26, 2006.
On June 16, 2011, Pope Benedict XVI has elevated Laoag Bishop Sergio Utleg to Archbishop of Tuguegarao replacing retiring Archbishop Diosdado Talamayan. His resignation was accepted by Pope Francis on October 18, 2019, appointing Alaminos Bishop Ricardo Baccay as his successor as Archbishop of Tuguegarao.
The two sides of the coat of arms are divided in the middle by blue wavy lines. The right side is the personal seal of the Archbishop.
Yoon Sang-chul (born June 14, 1965) is a former South Korean footballer. During the course of his career, he played for only one club, FC Seoul. He was the first player to score 100 goals in the K League.
A. F. M. Abdur Rahman (born 5 July 1951) is a retired justice of the High Court Division of the Supreme Court of Bangladesh. He was elevated to the High Court Division as additional judge on 27 April 2003, and was confirmed as a permanent judge on 27 April 2005 by the then President of Bangladesh Iajuddin Ahmed. Rahman retired from the bench on 4 July 2018.
Rahman was born on 5 July 1951 in East Bengal, Dominion of Pakistan (now Gazaria Upazila, Munshiganj District, Bangladesh) to Dr. Abdul Gaffer Khan and Mosammat Mohsena Begum.
He earned an LLB degree from Central Law College, Dhaka in 1977, and obtained a second LLB with honors from the University of London.
Rahman was enrolled as an advocate of the District Court on 3 February 1979, the High Court Division on 16 September 1982, and the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of Bangladesh on 14 January 2000. He describes his field of practice as civil law, banking law, admiralty law, company matters, writ petitions, and arbitration.
He was elevated to the High Court Division as an additional judge on 27 April 2003, and was confirmed as a permanent judge on 27 April 2005. He retired from the bench on 4 July 2018.
Compsolechia amazonica is a moth of the family Gelechiidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1918. It is found in Amazonas, Brazil.
In addition to the elections held in 36 states, elections were also held in the unincorporated territories of Guam and the United States Virgin Islands. The Democrats held their seat in the United States Virgin Islands, while the Republicans won an open seat in Guam previously held by the Democrats.
This election marked the most recent cycle in which New York and Colorado elected Republican governors.
Kinney and his thugs specialized in armed robbery, burglary, and extortion. Snake's biggest early rival was George "Baldy" Higgins, an alcoholic sadist who was jealous of Snake's success. Kinney killed Higgins in a street fight in the early morning hours of September 20, 1896. Snake was acquitted on a charge of self-defense. Kinney eventually married Tom Egan's sister Catherine, with whom he had a daughter named Florence.
Tom Kinney was defeated in November 1910 for a U.S. Congress seat, and soon after was diagnosed with tuberculosis, from which he died of on May 15, 1912. Kinney's brother-in-law Tom Egan suspected his 1910 defeat was the result of a double-crossing political ally named Michael Gill, who betrayed Snake to advance his own ambitions. Egan and his goons complied such a large tally for Gill's opponent in the 1912 election, the congressman was speechless upon his defeat.
The gang that Snake Kinney helped found endured as the most powerful St. Louis criminal organization until the early 1920s.
One of Gallot's works was transcribed for orchestra by Ottorino Respighi as part of his suite Gli Uccelli.
In an eight-season career, Barbare was a .260 hitter with one home run and 156 RBI in 500 games played.
A solid infielder with a strong arm and a light bat, Barbare was a utility man with the Indians, Red Sox and Pirates in a span of six seasons. In 1921 he was sent to the Braves in the same trade that brought star shortstop Rabbit Maranville to Pittsburgh, and he responded with a career year, hitting .302 in 134 games.
This biographical article relating to an American baseball shortstop is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This biographical article relating to an American baseball third baseman is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The 2006 NESTEA European Championship Final (or the 2006 European Beach Volleyball Championships,) was held from August 25 to August 28, 2006 in The Hague, Netherlands. It was the fourteenth official edition of the men's event, which started in 1993, while the women competed for the thirteenth time.
The 1976 United States Senate election in New Jersey was held on November 2, 1976. Incumbent Democrat Harrison A. Williams defeated Republican nominee David F. Norcross with 60.66% of the vote.
Lewis was the creator of Zarjaz, editing its first four issues during which time it won the National Comics Award for Best Independent Comic.  He wrote and lettered several strips, interviewed Alan Grant and Frazer Irving and wrote a major piece on breaking into comics writing which featured advice from a range of leading editors, writers and artists.
For UK science fiction comic 2000 AD, Andrew Lewis wrote the Future Shocks 'Goldie Locke and the Three B.E.A.R.S.' and 'Escape'.
Lewis also reviewed comics for Comics International, and from 2006 to 2007 was a daily contributor to Mike Read's morning show on Big L (Radio London International) radio station, where he was known as 'Lord Tosh' or 'Lord Top Notch of Tosh'.
In 2002 Zarjaz won the "Best Self-Published/Independent" National Comics Award at the annual Bristol Comic Festival and came second to Jack Staff in 2003.
Humphrey Goudie Hunter was a Scottish amateur football outside right who played in the Scottish League for Queen's Park. He was capped by Scotland at amateur level.
This biographical article related to association football in Scotland, about a forward born in the 1910s, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Aside from his political work, Filali was head of the Maghreb office of the International Labour Organization in Algeria. He was also on the board of directors for the Studies Center of Arab Unity in Beirut.
This article related to members of the insect family Tachinidae is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
ISO 3166-2:SH is the entry for Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha in ISO 3166-2, part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which defines codes for the names of the principal subdivisions (e.g., provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.
Currently for Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha, ISO 3166-2 codes are defined for 3 geographical entities.
Each code consists of two parts, separated by a hyphen. The first part is SH, the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code of Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha. The second part is two letters.
Ascension Island and Tristan da Cunha, previously dependencies of Saint Helena but raised to equal status in 2009, are exceptionally reserved the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 codes AC and TA respectively on the request of the Universal Postal Union.
Subdivision names are listed as in the ISO 3166-2 standard published by the ISO 3166 Maintenance Agency (ISO 3166/MA).
In the first edition of ISO 3166-2, the following codes were defined for 1 administrative area and 2 dependencies, but they are no longer defined since the second edition (ISO 3166-2:2007, published on 2007-12-13).
 Alison Moore (born 1971) is an English writer. Born in Manchester, she lives in Leicestershire. She is an honorary lecturer in the School of English at the University of Nottingham.
Before The Lighthouse, Moore had written and published several short stories, including 'Static', shortlisted for the inaugural Manchester Fiction Prize, and 'When the Door Closed, It Was Dark', published as a chapbook by Nightjar Press and included in Best British Short Stories 2011. Much of this work is collected in The Pre-War House and Other Stories, whose title story won first prize in the novella category of the New Writer Prose and Poetry Prizes 2009.
Her second novel, He Wants, was published in 2014. Both The Lighthouse and He Wants were Observer Books of the Year. In 2018, Moore published her fourth novel, Missing, and a chapter book for children, Sunny and the Ghosts, which became the first in a trilogy, illustrated by Ross Collins.
"The best novels are the ones that leave you with a sense of yearning, and in He Wants, Alison Moore proves her mastery of the medium." (Lynsey May, The List)
"Moore masterfully dials up the tension throughout, leading to an unexpected finale that feels both inevitable and deliciously satisfying." (Colette Maitland, The New Quarterly)
"There are books which, when you finish reading them, force you to stop everything for a moment to acknowledge their excellence, to mark a personal encounter with something special. Missing is one of those books" (Nina Allan, The Spider's House)
"There is humour and kindness alongside the mischief and mystery. A delightful and satisfying read for any age." (Jackie Law, Never Imitate)
Pristimantis helvolus (in Spanish: rana pierniamarilla) is a species of frog in the family Craugastoridae. It is endemic to Colombia. Its natural habitat is tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
The son of Samuel Adolphus Theodore Self, a tram conductor, Henry Self was born in Fulham, London, and educated at Bancroft's School, Woodford Green.
Prior to his civil service career, he was employed as a dishwasher on the Fulham Road. During the Second World War, he was part of the British Air Commission in America. Initially he was the air representative to the British Purchasing Commission which was purchasing all kinds of armaments and war materiel in the US.
Post war, Self became Permanent Secretary to the Ministry of Civil Aviation, replacing Sir William Hildred.
Already a Companion of the Order of the Bath, he was made Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire in the King's 1939 Birthday Honours list. He was invested as a Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath in 1947.
The frigate tuna, frigate mackerel or alagaduwa (Auxis thazard) is a species of tuna, in the family Scombridae, found around the world in tropical oceans. The eastern Pacific population is now regarded as a separate species by some authorities, Auxis brachydorax.
Jelleke Veenendaal (born 15 December 1953 in Alkmaar) is a Dutch politician. She was a member of the House of Representatives for the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD) between 2003 and 2006. She was one of the three candidates in the 2006 VVD leadership election, but obtained only 803 votes (3%).
In this period she had already become active within the VVD, as secretary of the Purmerend branch, and as member of the board of the party's women organisation. She also took courses in liberalism and liberal politics, and in political communication from the Haya van Someren Foundation, which trains the VVD members on request. She also was member of the board of the NVVH, the Dutch Association of Home Makers.
In 2003 she entered the House of Representatives. She was not on an eligible position, but after the formation, many VVD MPs had become minister, leaving their parliamentary seats. In parliament she was member of the backbench, and spokesperson for housing policy. In 2005 she proposed a plan together with social-democratic MP, Staf Depla. She also pleaded for a more lenient policy towards permanent housing in vacation houses.
The W. & L. E. Gurley Building is a historic industrial building in Troy, New York, United States. Built in 1862, it is a classical revival structure that housed the W. & L. E. Gurley Company, a maker of precision measuring instruments.  The Gurley Company was one of the first companies in the nation to make precision instruments.  The building was designated a National Historic Landmark in recognition of this in 1983.
The Julius Hanks foundry was purchased by the W. & L. E. Gurley Company in 1852, and was destroyed in the Great Troy Fire of 1862. The W. & L. E. Gurley Building was built in "an amazing feat of construction" in just 8 months to replace the previous building.  Originally, the first floor space was used for retail with the third and fourth floors leased to other manufacturers. Gradually, Gurley expanded to use the entire buildings.
The company, run by William Gurley and his brother, Lewis Ephraim, were leaders in the field and published a regularly updated manual of instruments and their operations and were engaged in producing military products for the American Civil War, which included "brass fuse-plugs for naval projectiles and an improved type of brass trimming for saddle trees." In the 1960s, the company was acquired by Teledyne Company, and was sold again in 1993 and continues as Gurley Precision Instruments today.
The building was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1983. The building is currently rented by Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, and houses its Lighting Research Center, which moved there in 2000, and a few acoustics labs associated with the school of architecture as well as the Human Resources department . Gurley Precision Instruments still occupies the first floor of the building and the entire building directly across the street.
Originally, the first floor space was used for retail with the third and fourth floors leased to other manufacturers. Gradually, Gurley expanded to use the entire buildings.
This biographical article related to a Mexican association football goalkeeper is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Nepal Rastriya Janamukti Morcha Party was founded in Kathmandu on 6 May 1990. The party contested the 1991 general elections with a man as their electoral symbol. The party merged with Rastriya Jana Party on 20 January 1992 and renamed itself, Rastriya Janamukti Party also adopting a house as its electoral symbol.
The party's first General Convention was held in Kathmandu from 10 June to 12 June 1996. The general convention elected Malbar Singh Thapa as the party's first president and Gore Bahadur Khapangi as the party's first general secretary.
In the 1999 parliamentary election, the Rastriya Janamukti Party fielded 130 candidates and got 92,567 votes but none of their candidates were elected. During the party's second General Convention in Butwal, Malbar Singh Thapa and Gore Bahadur Khapangi were reelected to their posts.
The party held its third General Convention in Lalitpur from 3 March to 5 March 2006. Malbar Singh Thapa was reelected as the party's president and Bayan Singh Rai was elected as the general secretary. The party contested the 2008 Constituent Assembly election and won 2 seats through proportional representation.
The party then held its fourth General Convention in Kawasoti and Malbar Singh Thapa was reelected party president and Keshav Suryavanshi was elected general secretary. In the 2013 Constituent Assembly election, the party again won 2 seats through proportional representation.
The two members in the Constituent Assembly, Shiva Lal Thapa and Sima Kumari BK, quit the party on 2 March 2015 and announced the formation of Rastriya Janamukti Party (Loktantrik).
In the party's fifth General Convention in Lalitpur, Khadga Prasad Palungwa was elected president and Keshav Suryavanshi was elected general secretary. The party contested the 2017 local elections and won 20 seats in local governments. The party also contested the 2017 legislative and provincial elections but did not win any seats.
The sister organizations of the Party are called Jana Sangathan (People's Organization). According to the RJP central office, the following are the current sister organizations:
In addition, teachers, intellectuals, athletes, transport entrepreneurs, and communication/media-related organizations are parties which are closely aligned with Janamukti Thought.
In 1991, Mbaye launched Dakar Science Biennale and was president of Youth Network For Developpement, a foundation created by Youssou N'Dour. He participated in the foundation of N'Dour's holding, Youssou Ndour Head Office.
Mbaye was a close friend of Macky Sall, and became Chief of Staff upon Sall's election in 2012. On 29 October 2012, Mbaye succeeded N'Dour as Minister of Culture. He was a founding member of the Alliance for the Republic, Senegal's ruling party since Sall's election.
Abdoul Aziz Mbaye died of COVID-19 during the COVID-19 pandemic in Senegal on 3 February 2021, at the age of 66.
Ste and John Pickford (artist and programmer, respectively), also known as the Pickford brothers, are English video game developers and designers, and founders of the indie game company Zee-3.
The Hajhir massif is a mountain range situated on the island of Socotra, Yemen. It is the highest point of the island.
Bedouin goatherds have a long history of climbing in the Hajhir. A 2014 study of Soqotri oral storytelling traditions revealed that a number of popular myths recount ascents throughout the range by local goatherds. According to the anthropologist Christopher Elliott, many accounts demonstrate a strong oral chain of transmission that links mythical characters with actual pre-modern ascents.
Jeffrey Dewsnup (born May 21, 2004) is an American professional soccer player who plays as a goalkeeper for Major League Soccer club Real Salt Lake.
Born in Herriman, Utah, Dewsnup began playing soccer for a club side in his hometown before joining La Roca FC, a premier club soccer side in the state. In 2018, Dewsnup joined the youth setup at Major League Soccer club Real Salt Lake. He spent the majority of his time in the academy playing with the under-16/17s. On July 11, 2020, Dewsnup was called-in to Real Monarchs, the reserve affiliate for Real Salt Lake, for their match against San Diego Loyal but did not come off the bench.
On January 12, 2021, Dewsnup signed a professional homegrown player contract with Real Salt Lake, becoming the club's youngest signing in their history. He was also the club's 24th signing from their academy.
Chouani is a village on the island of Grande Comore in the Comoros. According to the 1991 census, the village had a population of 1723.
Spelling correction is the process of automatically detecting and correcting spelling errors in search queries. Most spelling correction algorithms are based on a language model, which determines the a priori probability of an intended query, and an error model (typically a noisy channel model), which determines the probability of a particular misspelling, given an intended query.
Once the attention of the information retrieval field moved to languages other than English, it was found that for some languages there were obvious gains to be found.
Entity recognition is the process of locating and classifying entities within a text string. Named-entity recognition specifically focuses on named entities, such as names of people, places, and organizations. In addition, entity recognition includes identifying concepts in queries that may be represented by multi-word phrases. Entity recognition systems typically use grammar-based linguistic techniques or statistical machine learning models.
In July 2007, he left for Padova in co-ownership deal, signed a 2+1 year contract. In June 2008 Padova acquire the remain rights form Messina few weeks before the bankrupt of Messina. He then played 15 league matches for Padova before released on 30 June 2009. Padova won promotion to Serie B in June 2009
Singles, B-Sides & Live is a compilation album by English rock group Electrelane. It was released on CD in 2006 by Too Pure. Tracks 7, 8 and 9 are from their EP I Want To Be President.
 T. T. Daniel was an Indian politician and former Member of the Legislative Assembly. He was elected to the Travancore-Cochin assembly as a Tamil Nadu Congress candidate from Colachel constituency in Kanyakumari district in 1954 election. This was the first ever election held in this constituency and it happened before Kanyakumari district merged with Tamil Nadu.
The 1983 EuroHockey Club Champions Cup was the tenth installment of Europe's premier field hockey club competition. It was won by defending champions Dynamo Almaty on HC Klein Zwitserland in a replay of the past edition's final match, confirming the progress of Soviet hockey. 1976-78 champions Southgate HC attained the third place.
VVHS is affiliated to Thane Police School. It has 150 teachers and provides facilities for special children with disabilities ranging from cerebral palsy to dyslexia and other learning disorders.
Vasant Vihar High School was started in 1990 with 35 students in the Amrapali Shopping Arcade with four staff.
This experiment shows the catalysed decomposition of hydrogen peroxide. Hydrogen peroxide (H2O2) decomposes into water and oxygen gas, which is in the form of foam, but normally the reaction is too slow to be easily perceived or measured:
In normal conditions, this reaction takes place very slowly, therefore a catalyst is added to speed up the reaction, which will result in rapid formation of foam. The iodide ion from potassium iodide acts as a catalyst and speeds up the reaction while remaining chemically unchanged in the reaction process. The iodide ion changes the mechanism by which the reaction occurs:
The reaction is exothermic; the foam produced is hot.[specify] A glowing splint can be used to show that the gas produced is oxygen. The rate of foam formation measured in volume per time unit has a positive correlation with the peroxide concentration (v/V%), which means that the more reactants (peroxide concentration) the faster the rate of foam formation.
AccuRev is a software configuration management application developed by AccuRev, Inc. and was first released in 1999. In December 2013 AccuRev was acquired by Micro Focus.
The land was acquired by Joseph Medill as a country estate, which he called Red Oaks, in the late 1800s. After his death, the estate passed to his grandson, Colonel McCormick. Colonel McCormick served in World War I and saw action at the Battle of Cantigny. After returning home, he renamed the estate in honor of the battle.
Colonel McCormick had no children. When he died in 1955, he left his fortune to establish the McCormick Charitable Trust (now the McCormick Foundation). He also directed that Cantigny should be transformed into a park for the use of the general public. Since then, the McCormick Foundation has used the endowment funds bequeathed by Colonel McCormick to operate Cantigny as a public facility.
On display outside the museum is the area's largest collection of tanks and artillery pieces, known as "Tank Park".  The collection includes tanks and armored vehicles from the First World War up to the present day.  Visitors are allowed to climb on the vehicles.
The museum's ongoing Date with History series features guest speakers on subjects of interest to the general public and military historians in particular.  Speakers include historians, authors, filmmakers and veterans.  The presentations are generally open to the public and free of charge.
The museum is also home to the McCormick Research Center, for use by authors, scholars, teachers and students.  The Center's archives contain more than 10,000 works on military history, including secondary works on various battles, campaigns and wars.  Included in the primary works are the bound battle records of the First Division in World War I, and the 1st Infantry Division's World War II battle records on microfilm.  The Center's Reading Room is open to the public.
Cantigny Park is open to the public and attracts more than 350,000 people per year. Visitors can watch a short welcome film inside the Visitor Center to learn about the park's history and present-day features. The Visitor Center also includes the Cantigny Shop, Bertie's coffee shop and Le Jardin, a sit-down restaurant serving lunch.
Concerts, lectures, workshops, festivals and special events are held at Cantigny throughout the year. It is also a popular place for weddings and banquets. School field trips and youth group camping are offered by Cantigny, too.
Colonel McCormick and his first wife, Amy, are buried on the grounds. The elaborate gravesite, near the mansion, is known as the Exedra and was designed by Chicago architect Andrew Rebori.
The McCormick Museum was used for filming a scene in "A League of Their Own" (1992) from the east end overlooking the fountain and pond east of the museum. Two other movies, "Richie Rich" and "Baby's Day Out" also include scenes from outside the mansion.
Cantigny Park is located in Wheaton, Illinois, at 1s151 Winfield Road, just south of Illinois Route 38 (Roosevelt Road). The entrance to Cantigny Golf is 27w270 Mack Road, also in Wheaton.
Haldea striatula (formerly Virginia striatula), commonly called the rough earth snake,  is a species of nonvenomous natricine colubrid snake native to the southeastern United States.
The species was first described by Carl Linnaeus in 1766, as Coluber striatulus. Over the next two and a half centuries its scientific name has been changed several times (see synonyms). Most recently, the generic name was changed back from Virginia to Haldea in 2013.
The rough earth snake is found from southern Virginia to northern Florida, west along the Gulf Coast to southern Texas, and north into south-central Missouri and southeastern Kansas.
The rough earth snake is generally not aggressive towards humans, is not venomous, and is harmless if encountered. Although it has teeth, the rough earth snake normally does not bite. Its response when harassed is to remain motionless, or to try to escape. It will defecate and excrete a foul smelling musk as a defense mechanism to make itself less palatable to would-be predators. If necessary, the rough earth snake can be safely picked up by hand and relocated.
Ndunda is a minor Mambiloid language of Nigeria. It was discovered by Roger Blench near the Mvanip-speaking town of Zongo Ajiya. Ndunda village is situated about 5 kilometers from Yerimaru, to the south of Zongo Ajiya. It is closely related to but distinct from Mvanip.
He is a Senior Lecturer in Northwestern University's English Department. At Northwestern, he founded the Creative Non-Fiction writing sequence, which he currently teaches. He is also a Visiting Writer at Lesley University.
This article about a United States writer of non-fiction is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
U-Neek is the tenth studio album by Jamaican reggae artist Eek-A-Mouse. It had a distinctively different sound compared to his previous  albums, breaking away from the traditional reggae style to more hip-hop and dancehall influences. It includes a cover of the song "D'yer Mak'er" by Led Zeppelin.
The computation model of universal composability is that of interactive Turing machines that can activate each other by writing on each other's communication tapes. An interactive Turing machine is a form of multi-tape Turing machine and is commonly used for modelling the computational aspects of communication networks in cryptography.
The communication model in the bare UC framework is very basic. The messages of a sending party are handed to the adversary who can replace these messages with messages of his own choice that are delivered to the receiving party. This is also the Dolev-Yao threat model. (Based on the computational model all parties are modeled as interactive turing machines)
All communication models that add additional properties such as confidentiality, authenticity, synchronization, or anonymity are modeled using their own ideal functionality. An ideal communication functionality takes a message as input and produces a message as output. The (more limited) powers for the adversary       A     {\displaystyle {\mathcal {A}}}   are modeled through the (limited) capacity of the adversary to interact with this ideal functionality.
While the technical means, and the physical assumptions behind anonymous and pseudonymous communication are very different, the modeling of such channels using ideal functionalities is analogous. See also onion routing and Anonymous P2P. Similar functionalities can be defined for broadcast communication, or synchronous communication.
In an ideal anonymous channel, the ideal functionality,        F     A n o n      {\displaystyle {\mathcal {F}}_{\mathsf {Anon}}}   takes a message     m   {\displaystyle m}   from a party with identity     P   {\displaystyle P}   as input, and outputs the same message but without disclosing the identity     P   {\displaystyle P}   to the recipient and the adversary.
There exists no bit commitment protocol that is universally composable in the Standard Model. The intuition is that in the ideal model, the simulator has to extract the value to commit to from the input of the environment. This would allow the receiver in the real protocol to extract the committed value and break the security of the protocol. This impossibility result can be applied to other functionalities.
To circumvent the above impossibility result, additional assumptions are required.  Additional setup and trust assumptions, such as the common reference string model and the assumption of a trusted certification authority are also modeled using ideal functionalities in UC.
USS Vermilion (AKA-107/LKA-107), was a  Tolland-class attack cargo ship of the United States Navy, named after a parish in southern Louisiana and a county in eastern Illinois. She served as a commissioned ship for 25 years and 9 months.
The outbreak of the Korean War in the summer of 1950 meant the Vermilion was recommissioned at Orange on 16 October 1950, Captain A. Jackson in command. However, though the war had prompted her return to active duty, she never saw service in the Far East. Instead, she was used to replace other Atlantic Fleet ships released for duty.
For the next five years, Vermilion participated in Atlantic Fleet amphibious exercises at Onslow Beach, North Carolina and in the Caribbean.  She also conducted independent ship's exercises and made cruises the length of the Atlantic seaboard. She spent the second half of 1958 deployed in the Mediterranean Sea, returning to Little Creek and Atlantic Fleet duties in December.
Her routine of amphibious exercises and independent ship's exercises continued until the fall of 1962 when she was deployed to the West Indies to support the American quarantine of Cuba during the Cuban Missile Crisis.  She then returned to Little Creek and her routine operations before deployment with the 6th Fleet in the Mediterranean beginning May 1963.
She was once again decommissioned on 13 April 1971 and then transferred to the Maritime Administration on 27 July 1971 to be laid up in the National Defense Reserve Fleet at James River, Virginia.  Her name was struck from the Navy List on 1 January 1977.
Kati Piri (born 8 April 1979) is a Hungarian-born Dutch politician serving as a member of the House of Representatives since 2021. A member of the Labour Party (PvdA), she previously was a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) within the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats from 2014 until 2021.
In 2014 Piri stood as a candidate for the European Parliament. She occupied the third place on the Labour Party list for the European Parliament elections of 2014, after Paul Tang and Agnes Jongerius. She cited upholding democratic standards and the respect for human rights as internal motivations to take up the candidacy. She was elected to the European Parliament in May 2014.
In the European Parliament, Piri was a member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. During her first term, she served as the Parliament's rapporteur on Turkey's EU membership. In 2020, she also joined the Special Committee on Foreign Interference in all Democratic Processes in the European Union.
Since the 2021 elections, Piri has been a member House of Representatives. In parliament, she serves on the Committee on Foreign Trade and Development Cooperation, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Defense, the Committee on European Affairs, and the Committee on Justice and Security.
In November 2019 she criticised the veto by the European Council to start the accession procedures of Albania and North Macedonia to the EU. She stated that the countries already made significant reforms and it also drove them towards cooperation with China, Turkey and Russia.
Motability is a charity in the United Kingdom. It oversees Motability Operations Ltd, which runs the Motability Scheme intended to enable disabled people, their families and their carers to lease a new car, scooter or powered wheelchair, using their disability benefit. Currently, the scheme has more than 650,000 customers.
It is a partnership between the charitable sector, the UK government, leading banks, and the motor and insurance industries. Since 1978 over three million cars, scooters and powered wheelchairs have been provided to help disabled people with their mobility needs.
By the mid-1970s over 40% of households in the country owned a car but disabled people claimed that they were missing out. Only those who could drive themselves received any government help with transport, usually in the form of a blue trike which was unable to take passengers.
The Mobility Allowance was a positive advance but it soon became clear that it was not large enough to buy and run even the smallest car. The then Secretary of State for Health and Social Services invited the late Lord Goodman and (now Lord) Jeffrey Sterling to consider how disabled people could use this allowance to affordably obtain a vehicle.
Thus Motability was born in 1977 and, often for the first time, disabled people could afford a good-quality car from any participating manufacturer, fully insured, serviced, and with breakdown assistance. Motability was set up as a charity so it could also raise funds and make grants, in order to provide customers with a complete mobility package even if their allowance would not cover the type of car and adaptations that they needed.
Motability opened up new horizons for many disabled people. Things that were once difficult to do, such as getting to work, going shopping, doing volunteer work, visiting friends, getting to the doctor, going swimming, giving a family member a lift, or enjoying a driving holiday, became easier. For some, enhanced opportunities for further education and profitable full-time employment became a reality for the first time.
In 2003, Motability celebrated its 25th anniversary with a garden at the Chelsea Flower Show. The garden included a Motability car, an adapted Renault Clio, to symbolise disabled people gaining access to the remotest parts of the countryside.
In October 2006, the Scheme hit the two million vehicles mark and Jeffrey Sterling commented: "Family life revolves around the disabled person so if you make someone mobile you don't help two million, it's more like six to eight million."
The late Lord Goodman described the establishment of Motability in 1977 as "the most successful achievement of my career and the most fortunate thought that ever came into my head".
Disability Living Allowance (DLA) is not means tested. It is a benefit designed to help towards the additional living costs incurred by people with disabilities and is broken into two components, Mobility and Care. The Care component is valued at three different rates; lowest, middle and highest, and the Mobility component at two different rates; lower and higher.
Motability is a registered charity and has overall responsibility for the Motability Scheme, including:
Motability Operations also set and monitors the standards of service provided by the dealer network, adaptations suppliers, breakdown company and the insurance company. Motability Operations also negotiates pricing with the vehicle manufacturers on a quarterly basis.
The Wheelchair and Scooter Scheme was operated by Route2mobility until June 2010, when it was taken over by Motability Operations.
This article about a member of the Virginia House of Delegates is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Legis Volumni was a Roman and Byzantine era town in the Roman province and Berber kingdom of Numidia in the Maghreb. It served as an ancient Latin Catholic diocese. The town is identified with ruins near the modern city of Lioua in Algeria.
Legis Volumini was also the seat of an ancient bishopric, which remains a titular see of the Roman Catholic church.
O'Kelly was born in Abbeyfeale, County Limerick in 1915. Although he was baptized Michael Joseph, and published as Michael J. or M.J., he was known to family and friends as Brian, the name his mother originally wanted, throughout his life. He entered University College, Cork (UCC) in 1934.
After receiving his M.A. he was appointed curator of the new Cork Public Museum in Fitzgerald Park. In 1945 he married Claire, also an archaeologist, whom he had met as a student.
Newgrange, the site O'Kelly is most associated with, was originally accidentally discovered in 1699. It was in extremely poor condition in 1961, with no public access. That year the archaeologist Patrick Hartnett selected O'Kelly to direct excavations. Work continued every season through to 1975.
On the front cover of the passport is the Coat of arms of Seychelles. The passport has two languages, French and English.
As of 2 July 2019, Seychellois citizens had visa-free or visa on arrival access to 150 countries and territories, ranking the Seychellois passport 27th in terms of travel freedom, and best ranking African country, according to the Henley Passport Index.
The first legislation of passports in Seychelles appeared in 1920 during the administration of Governor Sir Eustace Edward Twistleton-Wykeham Fiennes (1864-1943). Published in the Seychelles Government Gazette no. 50 on November 6, 1920, it was a Bill of An Ordinance to regulate the issue of passports in the Colony and to require persons landing in the Colony to be possessed of passports, and otherwise to restrict the landing in the Colony of undesirable immigrants.  
The ordinance must have fallen short of its intended purpose because, by the end of 1921, it was repealed and replaced by Passport Ordinance 1921. 
On June 29, 1976, when Seychelles became independent, upon acquiring their nationhood, Seychellois automatically lost the status of British subject and became citizens of Seychelles. However, a person of Seychellois descent could retain his British nationality if his father or paternal grandfather was born in Great Britain or in a Colony that was not yet independent.
Laurent Levesque (born 28 January 1970) is a film score composer. He started the piano at 4 and graduated at 17 from the French national music school academy with five first prizes.
This biographical article related to film in France is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
George Washington said of Gardoqui on August 10, 1790, "... no man in his most Catholic Majesty's dominions could be more acceptable to the Inhabitants of these States." Gardoqui gave Washington a four-volume edition in the original Spanish of Don Quixote as a present. The set of volumes still exists and is preserved at Washington's personal library, which opened as a museum on September 27, 2013.
In 1785, Gardoqui laid the cornerstone of the first Catholic Church in New York City, St. Peter's on Barclay Street.
In 1977, the Spanish Crown, in commemoration of the Bicentennial of the United States, presented a statue of Don Diego de Gardoqui, crafted by Spanish artist Luis Antonio Sanguino (b. 1934, Barcelona, Spain), to the City of Philadelphia.  The statue currently stands in Logan Square.
Initially a student at Loughborough University, Stubbs signed for Notts County in September 1968 and spent the whole of his professional career at the club. He played for the club in the Football League Fourth Division but by the time he left had helped them into the top flight.
This biographical article related to association football in England, about a defender born in the 1950s, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This biographical article relating to an American baseball first baseman is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Kirk Chambers (born March 19, 1979) is a former American football offensive tackle. He played college football at Stanford and was drafted by the Cleveland Browns in the sixth round of the 2004 NFL Draft. He was also a member of the Buffalo Bills, Cincinnati Bengals, Detroit Lions and Atlanta Falcons before becoming a high school football coach in the 2010s.
Chambers graduated from Provo High School in 1997. For three years he started both on offense and defense. He was a member of championship winning basketball teams at Provo High in 1995 and 1997. Chambers also participated in student government, Mr. Provo High, track and field, and the Chamber Choir.
A distinguished high school athlete, Chambers was heavily recruited by Stanford University and by his home town school Brigham Young University, eventually selecting the Cardinal.
Before playing at Stanford, however, Chambers served a two-year church mission for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Berlin, Germany.
Chambers was drafted in the sixth round of the 2004 NFL Draft by the Cleveland Browns. He spent two seasons with the team, appearing in 21 games with no starts.
After spending the 2006 season out of football, Chambers signed a free-agent contract with the Buffalo Bills on January 25, 2007. He played in all 32 games for the team over the following two season, starting five.
Chambers re-signed with the Bills in March 2009. He was released during final cuts on September 5, only to be re-signed three days later after offensive tackle Langston Walker was released. He was again released during the final cuts on September 4, 2010.
On August 11, 2011, Chambers signed with the Detroit Lions. Chambers was released from the Lions on the final day of cuts.
His father was a high school German teacher, so Chambers speaks fluent German. He also earned the rank of Eagle Scout while a member in the Boy Scouts of America.[citation needed]
After the 2011 NFL Season Chambers chose to become the head football coach at Spanish Fork High School in Spanish Fork, Utah. In April 2015, he resigned as head football coach at Spanish Fork High School to become a Co-Athletic Director with Phil Olsen at Provo High School.
Morningwood was an alternative rock band from New York City. Founded in 2001, it primarily consisted of Pedro Yanowitz and Chantal Claret.  Morningwood was signed to Capitol Records and released two albums. Claret went solo in 2012 and folded the band.
Morningwood's self-titled debut album was produced by Gil Norton, known for his work with Pixies, the Foo Fighters, and Echo & the Bunnymen. Singles from the album include "Nth Degree", "Jetsetter" and "New York Girls." In support of the album, the band toured with Mindless Self Indulgence, Head Automatica, Gang of Four, Kasabian, The Sounds and The FireTheft on various legs of their US tour in 2006. 
In August 2008, the band finished up work on a new album. The album, Diamonds & Studs, was released October 27, 2009 by VH1 Records, a record company started by VH1 and owned by Viacom.  Morningwood was their first and only act.
Shortly after Claret's video for "Snobby Little Elf" premiered on YouTube, the band split for an indefinite hiatus. They regrouped in March 2012 to join Mindless Self Indulgence on a final tour. The band's final show was on March 11 at Irving Plaza in New York City. Since the disbanding, Claret has started a solo career while Yanowitz has started work on a Broadway musical.
There is evidence that hydrogen in the fullerene cage is not completely shielded from the outside world as one study found that H2@C60 is more efficient at quenching singlet oxygen than empty C60.
Bachelor and Spinsters  Balls (B&S) events are hosted regularly in rural Australia, known locally as "B & S Balls" or simply "B&S's".
They are staged for young (18 years and over) spinsters and bachelors and traditionally the couples dress up in formal wear. Large volumes of cheap alcohol such as beer, spirits, Bundaberg Rum and Jim Beam can be consumed. The activities usually start at night and run until morning, but from mid-afternoon people will start to arrive and the partying/drinking will begin. Country music is often featured at these events.
After the event people usually sleep in their swag on the back of their ute. Usually the committee supplies something for dinner and breakfast the next day. Some committees run a 'recovery' where the ball goers move to a different location to continue drinking, having fun and sometimes participating in competitions.
Tickets can cost anything from AU$80 to AU$110 and usually include all you can drink, dinner and sometimes breakfast as well as little gifts such as ear tags, hats, stickers and sometimes condoms and lubricant. People will travel many kilometres to attend the balls, and the profits made from them go to charities and organizations such as the Royal Flying Doctor Service of Australia, Red Cross and the Australian Cancer Council, as well as local charities of the specific area.
In 2009 as part of the Q150 celebrations, the Bachelor and Spinster Balls were announced as one of the Q150 Icons of Queensland for its role as an "event and festival".
The Baikal Amur Mainline (BAM) railway traverses the southern end of the mountain range via the Severomuysky Tunnel.
The Northern Muya Range separates the basins of the Upper Angara and Muya Rivers. Among the rivers having their sources in the range are the Upper Angara and its left tributaries Yanchui and Angarakan, several Vitim tributaries, such as the Mamakan and Muya, as well as rivers Parama and Yanguda, originate from it.
Philip Frederick McNairy was born in 1911 in Lake City, Minnesota, to Harry Doughty McNairy and Clara Christina Moseman. He attended Kenyon College where he was a member of Sigma Pi fraternity and attended seminary at Bexley Hall.  He married Cary Elizabeth Fleming in November 1935 and they had three children.
He served as Suffragan Bishop of Minnesota from 1958-1968, Bishop Coadjutor of Minnesota from 1968-1970. He was elected Bishop of Minnesota in 1971 and served until his retirement in 1978. He died on December 8, 1989, in the Metropolitan Mount Sinai Hospital, Minneapolis.
State Highway 56 (abbreviated SH-56 or OK-56) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. The road serves Seminole County, Okfuskee County, and Okmulgee Counties in central and east-central Oklahoma. In Seminole County, it is also designated as the Seminole Nation Highway in honor of the contributions the Seminole Nation has made to the state of Oklahoma.
SH-56 was first added to the state highway system in 1929. It was gradually extended to its present length between then and 1942.
The highway then bisects the town of Wewoka, intersecting US-270 and concurring with its business loop. SH-56 also serves as the eastern terminus of SH-59 in Wewoka. North of the town, SH-56 intersects with SH-9. The highway continues north, intersecting SH-99A in Cromwell and interchanging with I-40 near the unincorporated community of Schoolton. After crossing I-40, SH-56 makes a long arc to the east, bringing it into Okfuskee County.
Just east of the county line, SH-56 bridges the North Canadian River. South of Castle, the road intersects with SH-48. SH-56 then proceeds east into Okemah, the county seat, where it has a short concurrency with both US-62 and SH-27. The highway continues east from town, then turns north, before turning back to the east to pass through the unincorporated settlement of Okfuskee. East of Okfuskee, the highway enters Okmulgee County.
In Okmulgee County, SH-56 skirts the northern edge of Okmulgee Lake and serves Dripping Springs State Park. East of the lake, it passes through Okmulgee Wildlife Refuge and Deep Fork National Wildlife Refuge. It then enters the city of Okmulgee. There, SH-56 comes to an end at US-75.  However, there is a separate loop route segment of SH-56 that starts from a more northerly point on US-75 and runs a short distance to US-62.
 Gomaji Naik Pansambal was a warrior and military adviser in the army of Shivaji, founder of the Maratha Empire in 17th century India. Gomaji was deputed by Lakhuji Jadhavrao. He was also a guru of Shivaji[citation needed], also taught him artillery and warmenships, especially the lance and guerilla warefare, the characteristic Maratha weapon.
Lundamo Station is located in the village along the Dovre Line, but it is now in use only for local traffic. The European route E6 highway also runs through the village.  The Gaula River runs through Lundamo and in 2005 it was selected the best river for salmon-fishing in Norway. Lundamo was the administrative center of the former municipality of Horg.  It is also the location of the Horg Church.
General Suhaila was born in Kabul, Afghanistan. She was born on March 11, her exact birth year is unknown, believed to be either 1938 or 1949. She belonged to the royal Barakzai Mohammadzai Pashtun lineage. She was one of six daughters; her father was a governor of Kandahar.
After completing high school, she attended Kabul Medical University but completed her medical studies at Moscow State University in what was then the Soviet Union.
Siddiq was well respected by many Afghan feminists for her actions during the Taliban era. Both she and her sister Sidiqa, who was a professor at the Kabul Polytechnical Institute, were two of very few women who successfully refused to wear the burka. She is quoted as having said, "When the religious police came with their canes and raised their arms to hit me, I raised mine to hit them back. Then they lowered their arms and let me go."
As minister, in April 2002, Siddiq oversaw the vaccination of about 6 million Afghan children against polio on behalf of the United Nations Children's Fund.  In July 2002 she met with a Chinese delegation who agreed to fund the renovation of what was promised to be Afghanistan's most modern hospital.  In November 2006, Siddiq presented a speech on AIDS in Afghanistan to Eurasianet in New York City.
Siddiq had Alzheimer's disease. She died in Kabul on 4 December 2020, at the age of 71, from complications from COVID-19 during the COVID-19 pandemic in Afghanistan.
Dominique Deruddere (born 15 June 1957) is a Belgian film director, actor, screenwriter and producer.
Belonging to the Ortsgemeinde are the centres of Maiermund, Briedeler Heck,  Bummkopf and Hohestein, as well as the formerly state-owned domain of Margaretenhof.
In 1674, Briedel, and also some of the neighbouring places, denied French occupational troops in Trier any contributions. In an act of revenge, the troops set out from Trier to punish the wayward villages, but on the way met with Imperial troops who beat them back. The village's fortifications were destroyed by the French in 1689. The villagers then had to do compulsory labour, building the fort, Mont Royal.
Beginning in 1794, Briedel lay under French rule. In 1815 it was assigned to the Kingdom of Prussia at the Congress of Vienna.
Since 1946, Briedel has been part of the then newly founded state of Rhineland-Palatinate. The Maiermund housing development sprang up on cleared swathes of the Briedeler Hecke after the Second World War in the course of the housing development movement. In 1969, administrative restructuring in Rhineland-Palatinate put Briedel in the new Cochem-Zell district.
In 1991, a lady from Briedel named Bettina Fischer became the Mosel-Saar-Ruwer Regional "Wine Queen"; the following year she also became "German Wine Princess".
The council is made up of 16 council members, who were elected by proportional representation at the municipal election held on 7 June 2009, and the honorary mayor as chairman.
The municipality's arms might in English heraldic language be described thus: Argent a cross gules, in dexter chief and sinister base tendril patterns, in sinister chief the letters BR, and in dexter base a bunch of grapes on a vine palewise reversed, leafed of two and slipped, all vert.
The arms have been borne since 1 February 1957, and they were designed by Dr. Bruno Hirschfeld of Koblenz, after the old seal.
There are many timber-frame houses, a Baroque church with a Stumm organ and ceiling paintings, and a fountain in the village centre. Nearby is the wooded area Briedeler Schweiz ("Briedel Switzerland").
The two countries are collaborating on the development of China's Belt and Road Initiative. China has delivered healthcare supplies and COVID-19 vaccinations to Uruguay in response to the pandemic.
During 2000-2006, trade flows between China and Uruguay significantly increased due to China's rapid economic growth. For Uruguay, imports from China increased by 213% in this period, with the proportion of imports from China to total imports increasing from 3.2% in 2000 to 7.4% in 2006. China rose to become Uruguay's fourth largest import supplier in 2006. The increase in imports has negatively impacted Uruguay's domestic producers, who have struggled to compete with foreign firms.
Exports from Uruguay to China increased by 5.5% between 2001 and 2005. The proportion of exports to China to total exports increased by 0.5%. This increase in exports is attributed to China's high demand for natural resources. As such, a large proportion of Uruguay's exports to China consist of primary commodities.
Uruguay had a trade deficit with China during 2000-2006, importing more than exporting. Its trade deficit with China made up a quarter of its total deficits. This increased Uruguay's reliance on commodities, which posed a challenge for the economy's development.
Foreign direct investment (FDI) also increased during this period. In late 2008, Chery Mobile, a Chinese company, began manufacturing cars in Uruguay through a joint venture with Socma in Argentina and Oferol in Uruguay.
In February 2003, the two countries celebrated 15 years of diplomatic relations. Then Chinese Foreign Minister Tang Jiaxun exchanged congratulations with then Uruguayan Foreign Minister Didier Opertti. The two foreign ministers expressed positive sentiments regarding past relations, particularly emphasizing the progress in areas of trade, culture, and technology. Opertti stated his interest in further expanding bilateral ties.
During a week-long visit to China in August 2010, then Uruguayan Vice-President Danilo Astori expressed positive expectations in regards to China-Uruguay relations. He acknowledged China's impact on Uruguay's economic development. Wu Bangguo, a Chinese legislator, shared similar sentiments, expressing interest in expanding trade and cooperation between the two countries.
In June 2012, former Chinese Prime Minister Wen Jiabao visited several Latin American countries, including Uruguay, expressing interest in establishing an economic forum between China and CELAC (Community of Latin American and Caribbean States). Wen Jiabao's proposals during this visit encouraged the expansion of trade relations between China and Latin American countries.
Talks regarding infrastructure cooperation were furthered in June 2013, with Mujica's visit to China. During his visit, an agreement was signed which allowed Chinese companies to aid in the reconstruction of a Uruguayan railway. Additionally, it was agreed that China would contribute to the development of a Uruguayan port located on the Atlantic coast.
In April 2019, China's deputy Prime Minister Hu Chunhua visited Uruguay. Uruguayan Foreign Minister Rodolfo Nin Novoa said that the visit strengthened China-Uruguay relations. He also stated his expectations for future trade and tariff agreements between the two countries, particularly emphasizing the importance of agreements that concerned food safety, as a large portion of Uruguay's exports consists of food products.
On 1 March 2021, Uruguay started a COVID-19 vaccination campaign after receiving doses of Sinovac vaccines from China. Chinese Ambassador Wang Gang stated that this was an important step in advancing bilateral relations. On 29 March 2021, Uruguayan President Luis Lacalle Pou was vaccinated with the Sinovac vaccine.
During the Chinese-Uruguayan Mixed Economic Commission in 2004, the two countries discussed economic cooperation, particularly focusing on the export of soybeans and beef to China. National representatives also emphasized the importance of extending safety measures for Uruguayan food products. Uruguay expressed interest in importing electronic goods from China.
Trade has been expanding since 2008 due to an increase in both China and Uruguay's exports. Exports to China increased from US$171m in 2008 to US$2500m in 2017. Exports remained largely made up of primary commodities, namely soybeans, wool, and meat products. Imports from China increased from US$833m to US$1704m in the same period, consisting mainly of manufactured products. Since 2012, Uruguay has had a trade surplus with China.
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, Uruguayan exports to China decreased by 1% in the first quarter of 2020. Imports fell by 10% during the same period. This decline is expected to have a negative impact on Uruguayan industrial sectors and product chains, particularly considering China's role as Uruguay's largest trading partner.
Financial flow and investment between the two regions are minimal. Uruguay does not currently have a currency swap agreement with China, unlike other nations in the same geographic region. Most financial flows between the two countries consist of China's foreign direct investment. These investments are largely made up of China's use of Uruguay as a tax haven, but precise data from official reports has not been publicized.
According to a 2015 census conducted by the Ministry of Commerce of the People's Republic of China, there were 300 Chinese citizens living in Uruguay. Uruguay's tight immigration laws have prevented high levels of migration. There is no reported data on the number of Uruguayan citizens living in China.
Both China and Uruguay are members of the Group of 77, the United Nations, and the World Trade Organization.
The castle hosted the Archduke Louis and his brother Johann, sons of Holy Roman Emperor Leopold II of Austria, during one of their trips to France.
Ganjam Kewda Rooh (Screw pine, IPA:/Kia/, Pandanus fascicularis) is a plant native to the Indian state of Odisha primarily in the Ganjam district. Kewda has been identified as a Geographical Indications in India.
The kewda industry in Ganjam provides income of 4.5-6 million USD (300-400 million INR) to the local farmers. About 140 traditional distillation units operate in the small scale industries in nearly 200 villages and hamlets of the district producing an estimated 35 million flowers (3,500 tons) worth 10 million USD annually.
This article related to a British comedy film of the 1960s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about a United States film actor born in the 1860s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
In 1859, Colonel Edwin Drake discovers oil in Titusville, Pennsylvania. There is an unprecedented rush to the small town. Everyone wants to have their share of oil and become rich. The Mayor, who fears overflows, telegraphs Lucky Luke for help. If he accepts, he will be appointed sheriff. At first, he thinks to refuse but he soon realizes that this rush to oil will lead to chaos if it is not controlled and he finally accepts, to the chagrin of Jolly Jumper .
The program centred around the search to find a new member of Kara, following the departure of its members Nicole and Jiyoung. Seven trainees from DSP Media participated in the show, competing to become part of the group. The winner of the competition was Heo Young-ji, who became Kara's new member.
On February 24, 2015, contestant Ahn So-jin was found to have died from apparent suicide one month after DSP ended their contract with her. She had been a trainee for five years before participating in Kara Project.
In 1966, GEMS (formerly "Calvinettes"), the Calvinist Cadet Corps, and ThereforeGo (then the Young Calvinist Federation) merged to form Dynamic Youth Ministries (then known as United Calvinist Youth).
In 2006, GEMS expanded its global vision to reach girls everywhere by organizing clubs in Africa. Since then, girls in clubs across North America have been active in assisting the efforts. New curriculum has been developed, a micro-financing program has started, and construction has started the Esther School for orphans and under-resourced children in Zambia.
GEMS Girls' Clubs is governed by an executive board that oversees general policies, finances, and the overall effectiveness of the ministry.
Most local churches divide their GEMS programs into three age levels. GEMS produces a variety of age-appropriate curriculum for each level. GEMS also partners with Cadets to produce a curriculum for 4- and 5-year-olds, and offers a leadership-development position for high school-aged girls who wish to remain in the program. 
GEMS Girls' Clubs produces two magazines that help girls recognize and embrace their potential to be world changers.
Published monthly from September through May, SHINE brightly is for girls ages nine to fourteen. Each issue contains three Bible lessons as well as articles and stories that inspire girls to be activists for Christ. The magazine is designed to help girls see how God is at work in their lives and in the world around them.
Produced monthly from October through March, Sparkle is designed for girls in grades 1-3. Through Bible lessons, articles, stories, and games, it seeks to show girls how they can make a difference in the world.
A crucial aspect of the GEMS ministry is giving women the tools they need to effectively reach out to the girls in their local clubs. Volunteer leaders (counselors) are offered training opportunities in which they learn how to use the GEMS curricula as well as gain important insights into the development stages of the age group they are teaching. These training events are all designed to equip and encourage counselors in their work with girls.
Each summer, GEMS hosts its Annual Counselors' Leadership Conference for women. This is a major event for the ministry and is held in different locations around North America. Volunteer leaders are also appointed to various areas of the United States and Canada, and these women offer training and support to the counselors in their geographic region.
GEMS Girls' Clubs is a member of the Evangelical Council for Financial Accountability. Members of the ECFA must adhere to standards of responsible stewardship including high standards of accountability in fundraising, financial disclosure, confidentiality of donor information, and the use of resources. The ministry submits to an annual independent audit.
Henry, Sweet Henry is a musical with a book by Nunnally Johnson and music and lyrics by Bob Merrill.
Based on the 1964 novel The World of Henry Orient by Johnson's daughter Nora and the subsequent film of the same name, the plot focuses on Valerie and Marian, two wealthy, love-struck teenagers who stalk an avant-garde composer and aging philanderer.
The musical premiered on Broadway on October 23, 1967 at the Palace Theatre, and closed on December 31, 1967 after 80 performances and twelve previews. It was directed by George Roy Hill and choreographed by Michael Bennett. The cast featured Don Ameche, Neva Small, Robin Wilson, Carol Bruce, Louise Lasser, Baayork Lee, Priscilla Lopez, Alice Playten, and Pia Zadora.
The York Theatre Company "Musicals in Mufti", New York, presented a staged concert of the musical in October 2004.
Cindy Stein (born January 22, 1961) is the head women's basketball coach at Southern Illinois University Carbondale. She is the former coach of the Missouri Tigers women's basketball team at the University of Missouri from 1998 to 2010 and at Illinois Central College from 2012 to 2013. She was the head coach for the Cougars from April 3, 2012, until April 2, 2013 when she was named head coach of the SIU Women's basketball team.
Stein was a graduate assistant and coach for Central Michigan University, where she earned a master's degree in physical education with an emphasis in athletic administration. After jobs as an assistant coach at Miami University, the University of Cincinnati, and Bradley University, Stein returned to her alma mater, first as a recruiting coach, and then as an assistant coach for her former team.
Her first head coaching assignment came at Emporia State University, an NCAA Division II school in Emporia, Kansas. In three years as head coach at Emporia State, Stein turned the women's basketball program into a national contender, with her team advancing to the NCAA Division II title game in 1998. This success earned Stein various coaching awards, including being named the Division II Basketball coach of the year.
Stein was a TV analyst for Fox Sports basketball games. From 2010 to 2012 she provided color commentary for UMKC women's basketball along with play-by-play broadcaster T. J. Jackson on KCWJ.
Antonio de Lanchares (1586/1590-1630/1640) was a Spanish painter, active during the Baroque period, mainly in Madrid and surrounding towns.
Christian Ackermann was one of the greatest masters of the Baroque style in Estonia. He brought strong Central European influences to Northeast Europe, in particular the motifs of the Baroque and masterful Acanthus ornaments. The majority of his works consists of almost twenty altarpieces, pulpits and large coat-of-arms epitaphs.
Since picigin is an amateur sport, there are no strict or formal rules, but it is played according to tradition, with little variation, but the main goal is to keep ball in the air as long as possible.
Picigin must be played on a sandy beach in shallow water. The beach must be sandy because otherwise players could easily get hurt. It is best if the water is ankle-deep, because of mobility and also to soften falls, which are common because there's a lot of jumping around trying to reach the ball.
The traditional ball, called balun (otherwise a dialectal name for a ball, but this name is strictly used, especially by expert players) is actually a peeled tennis ball, polished off a few millimeters. This kind of ball is best suited for bouncing. It is smooth and lighter than a normal tennis ball.
In June 2008, picigin was pronounced a Croatian immaterial cultural good, for a period of three years, and it is planned to get a permanent protection after that.
Having attended highly ranked public universities, the two are broadly recognized as "highly educated comedians". However, Suga eventually dropped out of Osaka Prefecture University while Ujihara graduated from Kyoto University spending 9 years to earn satisfactory credits to graduate.
As the boke, Suga is prone to strange comments, while Ujihara is the more reasonable of the two, often criticizing Suga's remarks. As their talk material, they often use current affairs and items that Japanese students learn in high school and middle school. Suga writes almost all their material while Ujihara types them out since Suga cannot touch-type.
In Yoshimoto Kogyo's annual "Most Handsome Yoshimoto Kogyo Entertainer" awards, Suga won 7th place and Ujihara won 14th in 2009 (8th and 20th in 2008 respectively).
"La Llamada" (English: "The Phone Call") is a song recorded by American recording artist Selena for her first live album Live! (1993). It was composed by Selena y Los Dinos backup singer Pete Astudillo and Selena's brother and principal record producer A.B. Quintanilla III. The song was produced by Quintanilla III and Argentine music producer Bebu Silvetti.
"La Llamada" was released as the second single from Live!. It peaked at number 5 on the US Hot Latin Tracks on the week ending 23 October 1993. On the week ending 9 April 2011, "La Llamada" entered the Regional Mexican Digital Songs chart. The lyrical content of the song describes a girlfriend's feelings after witnessing her boyfriend kissing another girl, telling him to never call her again and ending the relationship. The central theme explored on "La Llamada" suggests women empowerment.
"La Llamada" is an uptempo Mexican cumbia song. The song received generally positive reviews from music critics. A music video was released and features Selena dancing in a crowd at a beach house in Malibu, California. There have been many cover versions of "La Llamada" ranging from Mexican to Dominican artists.
"La Llamada" is an uptempo Mexican cumbia song. Written in the key of A minor, the beat is set in common time and moves at a moderate 90 beats per minute. "La Llamada" describes a woman telling her boyfriend over the phone that she saw him kissing another girl, while her boyfriend tries to persuade to her that it was not him. The central theme explored on "La Llamada" suggests women empowerment.
Mexican band Banda El Grullo recorded the song on their tribute album Lo Mejor De Selena Con Banda. Mexican singer Dalila also recorded the song for her album Dalila en Vivo. Dominican bachata singer Kiko Rodriguez recorded the song on his album Otra Vez Con Amor.
The complex was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.  The church was closed in 1999, and converted to housing.
This article about a National Register of Historic Places listing in Norfolk County, Massachusetts is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about a church or other Christian place of worship in Massachusetts is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
NASCO acts as the organized voice of the "group-equity" cooperative housing movement, both in terms of bringing together student and community co-op activists, and in maintaining relationships with national cooperative organizations, including the National Cooperative Business Association and the Cooperative Housing Federation of Canada.
NASCO works with its members and the general public on a variety of more extensive training and consulting activities. The NASCO staff visits Active Member groups at least once every two years, providing free consultation and training on a variety of topics as a member service.
NASCO's Co-op Voices newsletter features reports on activity among cooperatives in Canada and the United States. It reports on NASCO's activities and provides updates on co-operative news. The newsletter articles are written by and for co-op members.
NASCO supports and assists, to varying degrees, regional networking and training opportunities for co-op members and staff. In the Midwest, on the West Coast, in Ontario, in Minneapolis-St. Paul, and in the Northeast, co-ops meet annually for workshops and social events, where they can discuss issues pertinent to their co-ops.
NASCO holds an annual conference, NASCO Institute, which is usually held in Ann Arbor, Michigan and hosted by the Inter-Cooperative Council at the University of Michigan. This is a multiday conference, most of which is spent in workshops, skillshares, and caucuses. The courses cover topics of interest to participants in the cooperative movement and progressivism in general. There is typically a guest speaker and an annual theme.
The Action Camp, held each August, provides an intensive training environment for leaders and active members of housing co-ops, worker collectives, and other democratically run communities. Participants spend one week in a beautiful, natural environment engaging in a week-long program on privilege and anti-oppression work and interactive fun, using techniques from Augusto Boal's "Theater of the Oppressed."
Special organizing and training resources are made available to groups interested in starting or expanding cooperatives. NASCO Development Services provides an array of development services including assistance in pre-development activities, financial assistance, and start-up assistance.
In 1989, a $50,000 donation from the Japanese Consumer Cooperative Union was used to seed The Kagawa Fund for Student Cooperative Development. The Kagawa Fund, named for Toyohiko Kagawa, provides loans and technical assistance to new and existing housing cooperatives. The fund is administered by the Cooperative Development Foundation and NASCO Development Services.
In 1988, NASCO Properties was established as an affiliate of NASCO to purchase and hold title to housing around the United States, which is then leased to local co-ops.
Its first property was the House of Commons, a 21 bedroom student house in Austin, Texas. It acquired the title from an ailing student housing co-op, ICC-Austin, with the purpose of keeping the building in the affordable cooperative housing sector. ICC-Austin bought the house back from NASCO Properties in 2003.
NASCO manages NASCO Properties and through it provides assistance to the local leasing co-ops. Staff members visit each leasing co-op at least three times per year to help with finances, maintenance, and other problems or issues that may arise. In 2004, a second title holding organization was created between NASCO and Riverton Community Housing called Lots in Common (LINC). NASCO entered into asset management contracts for Davis Campus Cooperatives in 2006.
Monte delle Figne (Figne Mountain) is a mountain in Liguria, northern Italy, part of the Ligurian Appennines. It lies at an altitude of 1172 metres.
The mountain is located in the provinces of Genoa and Alessandria.  Is divided by Passo Mezzano (1063 m) from Monte Taccone and by Passo della Dagliola (858 m) and a saddle near Cascina Carrosina (825 m) from Monte Tobbio. 
Monte delle Figne is accessible by signposted traks departing from Bocchetta Pass or Isoverde (municipality of Campomorone).
The Alta Via dei Monti Liguri, a long-distance trail from Ventimiglia (province of Imperia) to Bolano (province of La Spezia), passes very close to the mountain's summit.
North-western slopes of the mountain are included in the Capanne di Marcarolo Piedmontese natural park.
The International Trumpet Guild (ITG) is an international organization of trumpet players. Members include professional and amateur performers, teachers, students, manufacturers, publishers, and others interested in the trumpet. ITG is a nonprofit, tax-exempt organization supported by the dues of individual members.[citation needed]
ITG was established in 1975. In 1975, the first ITG Conference was held in Bloomington, Indiana; the following year the Guild met as part of the First International Brass Congress in Montreux, Switzerland. ITG Conferences have been held every year since then, with the Second International Brass Congress being held in 1984 at Indiana University.
In 1982, the ITG Archive was established at Western Michigan University to chronicle the Guild's activities and to preserve historical trumpet-related research. The ITG Research Library serves as a lending library for trumpet-related research.
In 1988, plans were begun to form a larger European component of ITG. In fall, 1990 the Euro-ITG chapter was formed at the Trumpet Days in Bad Sackingen, Germany, with initial membership of 120 members. An International Membership Coordinator was appointed to further develop growth of ITG. The Euro-ITG chapter disbanded in 2003.
The ITG Honorary Award is given to those individuals who have made extraordinary contributions to the art of trumpet playing. These contributions are through performance, teaching, publishing, research, and/or composition. The tradition has been to award persons only toward the end of their careers, rather than at the beginning or height of their careers.
The ITG Honorary Award does not have to be given every year, and it is possible to award more than one per year.
The ITG Award of Merit is given to those individuals who have made substantial contributions to the art of trumpet playing through performance, teaching, publishing, research, composition, and/or support of the goals of the International Trumpet Guild.
There is no requirements that the award be given annually, and no restrictions are made as to the number of recipients.
The ITG Journal is published quarterly and includes articles on history, performance, literature, recordings, research, pedagogy, physiology, interviews, instrument modifications, and many other trumpet-related areas. The Journal features columns dealing with aspects of trumpet performance and reviews of books, music, and CDs.
ITG hosts annual competitions for students under 25 including scholarship competitions, solo trumpet, orchestral except and jazz solo competitions.
In addition ITG sponsors two major trumpet competitions - The Ellsworth Smith International Trumpet Solo Competition which takes place every 4 years, and the Carmine Caruso International Jazz Trumpet Solo Competition, which takes place every 2 years.
The International Balzan Prize Foundation awards four annual monetary prizes to people or organizations who have made outstanding achievements in the fields of humanities, natural sciences, culture, as well as for endeavours for peace and the brotherhood of man.
The first award was in fact 1 million Swiss francs to the Nobel foundation in 1961. After 1962 a gap of 16 years followed when prizes recommenced with an award of half a million Swiss francs to Mother Teresa. Award ceremonies alternate between Bern and the Accademia dei Lincei in Rome, and frequently winners have later won a Nobel Prize.
All awards are decided by a single committee. The Balzan Prize committee comprises twenty members of the prestigious learned societies of Europe.
Each year the foundation chooses the fields eligible for the next year's prizes, and determines the prize amount. These are generally announced in May, with the winners announced the September the following year.
Since 2001 the prize money has increased to 1 million Swiss Francs per prize, on condition that half the money is used for projects involving young researchers.
Four prizes have been awarded annually since 1978. The award fields vary each year and can be related to either a specific or an interdisciplinary field. The prizes go beyond the traditional subjects both in the humanities (literature, the moral sciences and the arts) and in the sciences (medicine and the physical, mathematical and natural sciences), with an emphasis on innovative research.
Every 3 to 7 years the foundation also awards the Prize for humanity, peace and brotherhood among peoples. It was last awarded in 2014 to Vivre en Famille.
Emmanuel T. Cabajar (also known as Manny Cabajar) is a Filipino bishop of the Catholic Church. He was Bishop of Pagadian from 2004 to 2018.
Cabajar was born on 8 October 1942, in Jandayan Island, Jetafe, Talibon, Bohol, Philippines. He entered priesthood as a member of the Congregation of the Most Holy Redeemer.
He attended Philosophy at the St. Alphonsus Seminary in Cebu City. He attained a master's degree and doctorate in Moral theology from St. Anthelmo in Rome and in Madrid, Spain, respectively.
Pope John Paul II named him Bishop of Pagadian on 14 May 2004. He received his episcopal consecration from Cardinal Ricardo Jamin Vidal on 14 August and was installed on 2 September. As Bishop of Pagadian, he governed the sixteen Diocesan Schools of Pagadian. He also sits as Chairman of the Board of Trustees of Saint Columban College.
In the Catholic Bishops' Conference of the Philippines, he has served as Chairman, Vice Chairman, and member of episcopal commissions.
On February 2017, Cabajar played host to Msgr. Jose R. Manguiran, Bishop Emeritus of Dipolog, and delegates of the Mindanao Convention on Family and Life held in Pagadian City. A week after, he played host again to the delegates of the National Convention on Family and Life, led by Archbishop Gilbert A. Garcera of the Archdiocese of Lipa.
1871 was the 85th season of cricket in England since the foundation of Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC). Derbyshire County Cricket Club became a first-class club and the last matches were played by Cambridgeshire, who in the days of Bob Carpenter, the first Tom Hayward and George Tarrant had been one of the leading cricket counties.
a Hampshire, though regarded until 1885 as first-class, played no inter-county matches between 1868 and 1869 or 1871 and 1874
Amir Zalani is a Singaporean footballer who plays for Hougang United FC as a striker as of 2021. He previously played for Home United FC.
He was promoted to the senior squad in 2016 after impressing with the prime league team.  He was the captain of the prime league team and played 19 games (with 10 goals) in 2015 prime league team. He scored two goals in the 2016 Singapore FA Cup finals against NFL side Siglap FC and securing his club's second consecutive FA Cup trophy.
On 10 June 2021, Amir returned to Hougang United after completing his national service duty. He will be wearing jersey number 29.
This Peru mountain, mountain range, or peak related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Vincent I. Maduka, OFR (born October 5, 1935) is a Nigerian engineer, broadcaster and the first director general of the Nigerian Television Authority (NTA). He holds the Nigerian national honour of the Officer of the Order of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, OFR (2003). He was between 2008 and 2016 a senior fellow at the  Pan-Atlantic University, Lagos, Nigeria.
The civilian administration of President Shehu Shagari  in 1979 did not accept the non-partisan posture NTA was adopting under Maduka and in 1983 he, was summarily removed from NTA and assigned him to the Ministry of Communication as a technical adviser.
Maduka is currently a facilitator at the School of Media and Communication (SMC), Pan-Atlantic University. He teaches Creativity and Innovation as a course to the Masters' students.
Oscar Murillo (born 1986 in La Paila, Colombia) is a Colombian artist working within the painting tradition. He currently lives and works in various locations.
The artist has also participated in numerous international group exhibitions and biennials, including the Sharjah Biennial 13 (2017) and the 56th Venice Biennale (2015).
In 2019, he co-won the Turner Prize after requesting with his fellow nominees (Tai Shani, Helen Cammock, and Lawrence Abu Hamdan) that the jury award the prize for the first time to all four nominated artists.
Murillo was born, and spent the first ten years of his life, in La Paila, a small town in the Valle del Cauca Department of Colombia. His parents moved to London when he was 10 years old and knew no English. He attended Cardinal Pole Catholic School in Hackney, returning in 2021 to exhibit there as part of his Frequencies project.
Another ongoing theme throughout Murillo's work concerns postcolonial and socioeconomic disparities. In his work The Coming of the Europeans (2017), a large-scale banner conceived for the inaugural Kathmandu Triennale in the same year, he commented on the continuing legacy of colonialism in present-day international fairs.
Murillo is represented by Carlos Ishikawa (London), Isabella Bortolozzi Galerie (Berlin) and David Zwirner (London, New York).[citation needed]
Cornelia Wyngaarden (1942) is a Canadian media artist based in Vancouver, British Columbia. She creates works in video, sculpture, and installation, and has played a significant role in the development and institutionalization of new media in Vancouver.
Wyngaarden has worked in various artist-run centres in Vancouver as a bookkeeper, editor, grant writer, administrator, photographer, fundraiser, and artist. Her video-based installations and single channel videotapes explore feminist themes, issues of gender, sexuality, technology, and the ways in which history and social conditions have complicated women's rights. She juxtaposes technological media with human subject matter to extend the interpretive possibilities of her work.
Wyngaarden's work also addresses cross-dressing either overtly or subtextually, in order to deconstruct stereotypes and power relations. Employing lived experience, queer theory, and "forgotten" history and cultural mythology, her video installations also create an arena for queer representation.
Originally installed in 1985 and remastered in 2015, the work is a video portrait of the life of a rancher named Keely Moll. Exploring her confidence and life through her perspective, this work shifts the Western gender paradigm of a man in the landscape by restituting female imagery. Her view is accompanied by a complex network of family relations, the land, labour and community; aspects that the Western Front Gallery has considered "facets of a life well lived."
Originally installed in 1991 and remastered in 2015, Apollo's Kiss/Matricide: An Allegorical Landscape is a lightbox photograph taking inspiration from Aeschylus's Oresteia, spotlighting the tragic fate of Cassandra. Her representation of the female protagonist challenges the dominant male order. The market value of this work is estimated at $2,500.
The Fragility of Origins is a 1994 video-based installation focusing on women's bodies in relation to art, historical practice, and other theoretical discourses. Through the combination of video, baroque painting allusions, photography, and text, Wyngaarden critiques many postmodern positions at a moment where marginalized subjects are becoming authors themselves.
She received the VIVA Award in 1998, from the Jack and Doris Shadbolt Foundation for the Visual Arts.
Wyngaarden has work in the permanent collections of The National Gallery of Canada, The Canada Council Art Bank, 49th Parallel Gallery in New York, and The California College of Art.[citation needed]
After joined the French armed forces, Saint-Paul served as a Doctor-major in Algeria, then in Tunisia.  He was then stationed in France at Tours, then Nancy. In 1926, Saint-Paul was appointed director of the Armed Forces Health Service, in Nancy, with the rank of general.
In 1931, he created the Association of Geneva places, to promote areas intended to accommodate civilians in the event of armed conflict, anticipating the principles of the Geneva conventions of 1949.
Saint-Paul, at the instigation of Alexandre Lacassagne, carried out work on interior language. Defender of a scientific psychology, he intended to democratize the method of introspection by applying it to a large sample of individuals. His program is based on what he calls "cerebrology", or science of the brain, a scientific-medical method allowing to pass from individual psychology to a form of general psychology.
^a Not a playable character ^b Downloadable content, playable only in multiplayer ^c Alternate skin available (pre-order/downloadable content) ^d Slag was renamed Slug in the game due to Slag being a derogatory term in some cultures ^e Playable in escalation
In the final days of the war for Cybertron, the Autobots attempt to flee their dying homeworld aboard the Ark, but their spacecraft comes under attack by Decepticon forces. While Optimus Prime engages Megatron on the outer surface of the Ark, Bumblebee is sent by Ratchet to find and help the former. Just as Megatron is about to deliver a finishing blow, Bumblebee jumps in and sacrifices his life for Optimus.
As of 2020, Activision has discontinued support for Fall of Cybertron, and the game's multiplayer servers have been shut down.
A toy line based on the game was manufactured by Hasbro under the Transformers: Generations banner. Bruticus, a character formed by combining five Decepticons, is part of the line. Other figures include Optimus Prime, Jazz, and Shockwave. It was announced the toy line would be released August 21, 2012, in North America, a week earlier than originally planned.
On August 8, 2016, Activision released Fall of Cybertron for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One in Australia without announcing it. These versions were developed by FunLabs.
Fall of Cybertron has received generally positive reviews. The PlayStation 3 version received an aggregate score of 77/100 at Metacritic, while the Xbox 360 and Windows versions both hold scores of 79/100. GameRankings reports similar scores; the Xbox 360 version has an aggregate score of 81.40%, the PlayStation 3 a score of 76.48%, and the Windows version a score of 79.17% Jeff Gerstmann of Giant Bomb gave the game a 60% approval, the lowest score reported.[note 1]
According to the NPD Group, the game sold well during the month of its release, placing seventh in sales despite only being available during the last ten days. Fall of Cybertron sold 105,000 copies during its North America debut according to Game Informer.
A video game titled Transformers: Rise of the Dark Spark was developed by Edge of Reality and published by Activision. Most of the game takes place between the events of War for Cybertron and Fall of Cybertron. It is also a crossover to the fourth live-action film Transformers: Age of Extinction, and is therefore a tie-in to the film. It features characters from both timelines.
Imparables is the last studio album of the duo Magnate & Valentino with the duo separating immediately after the release with each carrying their careers as solo artists.
At an independent show held on July 14, 2006 to celebrate her tenth anniversary in professional wrestling, Takahashi announced her intention to start her own promotion. Her stable, the Dream Catchers, held their final show on the following September 3.
On October 4, 2008, Takahashi beat Kyoko Inoue to win NWA Women's Pacific/NEO Single Championship. On October 10, 2009, she won NEO Tag Team Championship with Kana.
From January 25, 2009 to December 29, 2010, Takahashi was also active with Ice Ribbon and held International Ribbon Tag Team Championship three times (with Minori Makiba, Kazumi Shimouma and Emi Sakura) and Triangle Ribbon Championship once.
On April 18, 2010, Takahashi beat Kayoko Haruyama to win JWP Openweight Championship. She became the second champion from outside since Manami Toyota in 2006.
On September 7, 2010, Takahashi announced with Fuka and Rossy Ogawa that they founded a new promotion called World Wonder Ring Stardom. They had their first card on January 23, 2011.
On May 12, 2015, Takahashi, in an interview with Tokyo Sports, announced she was leaving Stardom and continuing her career as a freelancer. On June 12, 2015, Takahashi announced she was going to start promoting her own professional wrestling events with her new production company, "Seadlinnng". On July 17, Takahashi returned to the United States, making her debut for Ring of Honor (ROH) in Las Vegas, Nevada by defeating ODB. Seadlinnng held its first show on August 26, 2015.
On January 7, 2018, Takahashi was legitimately injured in a Hardcore Tag Team Match, while teaming up with Yoshiko against Rina Yamashita & Ryo Mizunami at WAVE Happy New Year 2018. While attempting a move from the top of a ladder, the ladder tilted and fell, causing her to fall and land on her head, legitimately knocking her unconscious. The referee ended the match, and she was taken out on a stretcher.
Rachel Gould (born June 25, 1953 in Camden, New Jersey, as Rachel Field) is an American singer and teacher of Modern Jazz.
Since 1991, she has worked as a lecturer in jazz singing at the Royal Conservatory of The Hague (Koninlijk Conservatorium Den Haag).
The larvae feed on Fraxinus pennsylvanica. They mine in the stem of their host plant. They mine above the ground level in the main stem and branches of the tree. They initiate mining in the periderm but later feed exclusively in the cortex.
This article relating to the family Gracillariidae is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
MacDonald Taylor Jr. (born 22 March 1992) is a United States Virgin Islands international soccer player who plays as a midfielder.
He made his international debut for United States Virgin Islands in 2006, and has appeared in FIFA World Cup qualifying matches.
This biographical article related to US Virgin Islander soccer is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Studies at Barnes Foundation, Merion, PA, Fellowship, 1939-44 Sacramento State University, B.A. 1958
Claude Clark was born on a tenant farm in Rockingham, Georgia November 11, 1915. In early August 1923, Clark's parents left the south for a better life in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania during the Great Migration. Clark attended Roxborough High School where he wrote poetry but also discovered a talent for painting. His Sunday School teacher encouraged him to exhibit in Sunday school class and at church.
In 1941, Claude met the daughter of an African Methodist Episcopal Church minister, Effie May Lockhart from California. They married in June 1943 and formed a partnership in art, education and philosophy. He continued his paint studies at The Barnes Foundation while teaching art in the Philadelphia Public School system during the early years of their marriage. The couple moved to Alabama and finally California while continuing their careers.
During the Great Depression Clark contacted the Artists Union for work through the Works Progress Administration (WPA). He worked with the WPA from 1939 to 1942. Clark joined the graphics art shop where he worked with Raymond Seth and Dox Thrash.
Clark was the subject of many articles and publications. He also was the author of A Black Art Perspective, a Black Teachers Guide to a Black Visual Arts Curriculum, Merritt Press 1970. As a member of the Black West Coast Arts Movement he co-developed the first African American Studies curriculum. He also mentored and supported many young emerging scholars and artists.
Claude Clark attended high school in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, graduating from Roxborough High School. From 1935 to 1939, Clark studied at the Philadelphia Museum School of Industrial Art (later the University of the Arts) on full scholarship. While studying there, he came across the work of Van Gogh. Van Gogh's style and method formed the basis of Clark's approach to drawing and painting, with thick creamy texture and loosely applied paint using a palette knife.
While studying at Barnes in 1939, Clark found a job through the Federal Arts Project of the Works Progress Administration (WPA). He also performed independent research from 1944 to 1958. Clark moved his family to Talladega, Alabama and subsequently Sacramento, California. He received a BA from Sacramento State University in 1958 and a Master of Arts from the University of California, Berkeley in 1962.
Clark matured in art by recognizing his opportunity to develop without being constrained by the racism, poverty and inherent inequality of circumstance prejudice and labels bring. His work exhibited social realism, modern and abstract styles. When Clark could not afford paint, he salvaged throw away paint cans from trash bins in the back of art schools and mixed his own. Unable to afford to buy paint brushes and chemicals to clean them, he mastered use of the palette knife.[citation needed]
Clark continued to paint, research and exhibit throughout this period. Clark worked from his studio in Oakland, California following his Merritt College retirement from 1981 to 1998. He has exhibited in the United States, Africa, Caribbean, Europe and South America.
Ketevan was born to Prince Ashotan of Mukhrani (Bagrationi) and married Prince David of Kakheti, the future David I, king of Kakheti from 1601 to 1602. 
After the uprising she negotiated with Shah Abbas I of Iran who was the suzerain over Georgia, to confirm her underage son, Teimuraz I, as king of Kakheti, while she assumed the function of a regent.
In 1614, sent by Teimuraz as a negotiator to Shah Abbas, Ketevan effectively surrendered herself as an honorary hostage in a failed attempt to prevent Kakheti from being attacked by the Iranian armies. She was held in Shiraz for several years until Abbas I, in an act of revenge for the recalcitrance of Teimuraz, ordered the queen to renounce Christianity, and upon her refusal, had her tortured to death with red-hot pincers in 1624.[citation needed]
Portions of her relics were clandestinely taken by the St. Augustine Portuguese Catholic missioners, eyewitnesses of her martyrdom, to Georgia where they were interred at the Alaverdi Monastery. The rest of her remains were said to have been buried at the Church of St. Augustine in Goa, India. After several expeditions to Goa in the 21st century to search for the remains, they were believed to be found in late 2013.
In 2017, celebrating twenty five years of diplomatic relations between India and Georgia, the relics were sent to Georgia for a period of six months during which both religious and scientific events were staged.
The Indian government has offered some parts of the holy relics of Goa to Georgia. On July 9th, 2021, the relics were handed over to the Georgian government and to Catholicos-Patriarch Ilia II of Georgia by  Indian Foreign Minister S. Jaishankar.
Tini Beg was remembered as more suitable man for the throne by Ibn Battuta. He was considered pro-Christian and received some letters from Benedict XII, who encouraged him to convert Christianity.
With the rise of the Nazi Party in Germany, modernist artistic movements were suppressed. Becher escaped from a military raid in 1933 and settled in Paris for a couple of years. He migrated to the Soviet Union in 1935 with the central committee of the KPD. After the German invasion of the Soviet Union in June 1941, Becher and other German communists were evacuated to internal exile in Tashkent.
In April 1910, Becher and Fanny Fuss, a young woman he had encountered in January of that year, planned a joint suicide; Becher shot them both, killing her and wounding himself severely. His father succeeds in quashing the case of killing on demand. Becher is certified insanity. His early poetry was filled with struggling to come to terms with this event.
From 1911 he studied medicine and philosophy in college in Munich and Jena. He left his studies and became an expressionist writer, his first works appearing in 1913. An injury from his suicide attempt made him unfit for military service/ and he became addicted to morphine, which he struggled with for the rest of the decade.
He was also engaged in many communist organisations, joining the Independent Social Democratic Party of Germany in 1917, then went over to the Spartacist League in 1918 from which emerged the Communist Party of Germany (KPD). In 1920 he left the KPD, disappointed with the failure of the German Revolution, and embraced religion. In 1923, he returned to the KPD and very actively worked within the party.
His art entered an expressionist period, from which he would later dissociate himself. He was part of die Kugel, an artistic group based in Magdeburg. During this time, he published in the magazines Verfall und Triumph, Die Aktion (The Action) and Die neue Kunst.
In 1925 government reaction against his anti-war novel, (CHCI=CH)3As (Levisite) oder Der einzig gerechte Krieg, resulted in his being indicted for "literarischer Hochverrat" or "literary high treason". It was not until 1928 that this law was amended.
After the Reichstag fire, Becher was placed on the Nazi blacklist, but he escaped from a large raid in the Berlin artist colony near Breitenbachplatz in Wilmersdorf. By March 15, 1933, he, with the support of the secretary of the Association of Proletarian-Revolutionary Authors, traveled to the home of Willy Harzheim. After staying briefly in Brno, he moved to Prague after some weeks.
Becher was recalled to Moscow by 1942. In 1943, he became one of the founders of the National Committee for a Free Germany.
After the Second World War, Becher returned to Germany with a KPD team, where he settled in the Soviet zone of occupation. There he was appointed to various cultural-political positions. He took part in the establishment of the Cultural Association, to "revive German culture," and founded the Aufbau-Verlag publishing house and the literature magazine, Sinn und Form. He also contributed to the satirical magazine, Ulenspiegel.
In 1946, Becher was selected for the Party Executive Committee and the Central Committee of the Socialist Unity Party. After the establishment of the German Democratic Republic (GDR) on 7 October 1949, he became a member of the Volkskammer. He also wrote the lyrics to Hanns Eisler's melody "Auferstanden aus Ruinen," which became the national anthem of the GDR.
That year, he helped establish the DDR Academy of Arts, Berlin.  He served as its president from 1953 to 1956, succeeding Arnold Zweig. In January 1953 he received the Stalin Peace Prize (later renamed the Lenin Peace Prize) in Moscow.
In Leipzig in 1955, the German Institute for Literature was founded and originally named in Becher's honor. The institute's purpose was to train socialist writers. Institute graduates include Erich Loest, Volker Braun, Sarah Kirsch and Rainer Kirsch.
From 1954 to 1958, Becher served as Minister of Culture of the GDR. During the Khrushchev Thaw, Becher fell out of favor. Internal struggles of the party eventually lead to his political demotion in 1956.
Late in his life, Becher began to renounce socialism. His book Das poetische Prinzip (The Poetic Principle) wherein he calls socialism the fundamental error of his life ["Grundirrtum meines Lebens"] was only published in 1988.
The following year, in declining health, Becher gave up all his offices and functions in September 1958. He died of cancer on 11 October 1958 in the East Berlin government hospital. Becher was buried at the Dorotheenstadt cemetery in the Berlin center, with his gravesite designated as a grave of honor (German: Ehrengrab) of Berlin. Becher lived in Majakowskiring 34 street, Pankow, East Berlin.
Born in Reggio Emilia in 1920, he studied music at the Giuseppe Verdi Conservatory in Milan, where he was graduated in choral music and composition. During the Second World War, he had fought with the Italian partisans, then he moved to Rome, where he began his career as composer.
He is probably best known for the main theme of the 1972 giallo film Amuck!, "Piacere Sequence", that was later used in The Big Lebowski, in the TV-series Spaced and in the documentary film How to Draw a Bunny. He frequently worked with director Marco Ferreri on films such as The Conjugal Bed (1963), The Ape Woman (1964), Controsesso (1964), The Man, the Woman and the Money (1965), The Man with the Balloons (1965), Dillinger Is Dead (1969), The Seed of Man (1969), and L'udienza (1972).
His other film scores include I grandi condottieri (1965), Agente S 03: Operazione Atlantide (1965), The Seventh Floor (1967), Strogoff (1970), Il prato macchiato di rosso (1973), and Il solco di pesca (1976).
Oedipina complex, commonly known as the Gamboa worm salamander, is a species of lungless salamander found in western South America from Costa Rica to western Colombia and north-western Ecuador. This species inhabits humid tropical lowland forest where it can be found on the ground, and on bushy vegetation, logs and rocks. It can also be found on forest edges, but it does not survive in degraded areas. Deforestation is a threat to this species.
 The culture of the Philippines is characterized by cultural diversity. Although the multiple ethnic groups of the Philippine archipelago have only recently established a shared Filipino national identity, their cultures were all shaped by the geography and history of the region, and by centuries of interaction with neighboring cultures, colonial powers. In more recent times, Filipino culture has also been influenced through its participation in the global community."
In 1990, more than 100 highland peoples constituted approximately three percent of the Philippine population. Over the centuries, the isolated highland peoples have retained their Indigenous cultures. The folk arts of these groups were, in a sense, the last remnants of Indigenous traditions that flourished throughout the Philippines before the Islamic and Spanish contacts.
A formal field interpreting Psychology as rooted on the experience, ideas, and cultural orientation of the Filipinos, called Filipino Psychology, was established in 1975.
As a general description, the distinct value system of Filipinos is rooted primarily in personal alliance systems, especially those based in kinship, obligation, friendship, religion (particularly Christianity), and commercial relationships.
Other elements of the Filipino value system are optimism about the future, pessimism about present situations and events, concern and care for other people, the existence of friendship and friendliness, the habit of being hospitable, religious nature, respectfulness to self and others, respect for the female members of society, the fear of God, and abhorrence of acts of cheating and thievery.
Before the arrival of European colonizers, Austronesian architecture was the common form of housing on the archipelago.[citation needed]
However, certain areas of the country like Batanes have slight differences as both Spanish and Filipino ways of architecture assimilated differently due to the climate. Limestones and coral were used as building materials.
Filipinos began creating paintings in the European tradition during 17th-century Spanish period. The earliest of these paintings were Church frescoes, religious imagery from Biblical sources, as well as engravings, sculptures and lithographs featuring Christian icons and European nobility. Most of the paintings and sculptures between the 19th and 20th centuries produced a mixture of religious, political, and landscape art works, with qualities of sweetness, dark, and light.
Kut-kut, a technique combining ancient Oriental and European art process. Considered lost art and highly collectible art form. Very few known art pieces existed today. The technique was practiced by the indigenous people of Samar Island between early 1600 and late 1800 A.D. It is an exotic Philippine art form based on early century techniques: sgraffito, encaustic and layering. The merging of the ancient styles produces a unique artwork characterized by delicate swirling interwoven lines, 
Modern day Philippine music features several styles. Most music genres are contemporary such as Filipino rock, Filipino hip hop and other musical styles. Some are traditional such as Filipino folk music.
During the 1960s, James Bond movies, bomba (soft porn) pictures and an era of musical films, produced mostly by Sampaguita Pictures, dominated the cinema. The second golden age occurred from 1970s to early 1980s. It was during this era that filmmakers ceased to produce pictures in black and white. A rise in Hollywood films dominated theater sales during the late 1980s until the 2000s. The dawn of this era saw a dramatic decline of the mainstream Philippine movie industry.
With the high rates of film production in the past, several movie artists have appeared in over 100+ roles in Philippine Cinema and enjoyed great recognition from fans and moviegoers.
Protest art has played an important part in Philippine history, and in the development of Philippine culture. The Propaganda Movement had been key in the formation of the Philippine national consciousness in the 19th century. In the 20th century, the proclamation of Martial law under Ferdinand Marcos - and the subsequent human rights abuses which came with it - led to the prominence of protest art in Filipino popular culture.
Indigenous Philippine folk religions, also referred collectively as Anitism, meaning ancestral religions, are the original faiths of the diverse ethnic groups of the Philippines. Much of the texts of the religions are stored through memory which are traditionally chanted, rather than written in manuscripts.[citation needed]
Written texts, however, have been utilized as well in modern times to preserve aspects of the religions, notably their stories which are important aspects of Philippine mythology and traditional rites and other practices. These stories consist of creation stories or stories about important figures such as deities and heroes and certain creatures.[citation needed]
Some popular, but distinct, figures include the Tagalog's Bathala and Makiling, the Ilocano's Lam-Ang, and the Maranao's Sarimanok.
Filipinos cook a variety of foods influenced by of main Indian, Chinese,  influences indigenous ingredients.
Popular snacks and desserts such as chicharon (deep fried pork or chicken skin), halo-halo (crushed ice with evaporated milk, flan, sliced tropical fruit, and sweet beans), puto (white rice cakes), bibingka (rice cake with butter or margarine and salted eggs), ensaymada (sweet roll with grated cheese on top), pulburon (powder candy), and tsokolate (chocolate) are usually eaten outside the three main meals. Popular Filipino beverages include Beer, Tanduay Rhum, lambanog, and tuba.
Every province has its own specialty and tastes vary in each region. In Bicol, for example, foods are generally spicier than elsewhere in the Philippines. Patis (fish sauce), suka (vinegar), toyo (soy sauce), bagoong, and banana ketchup are the most common condiments found in Filipino homes and restaurants.
Western fast food chains such as McDonald's, Wendy's, KFC, and Pizza Hut are a common sight in the country. Local food chains such as Jollibee, Goldilocks Bakeshop, Mang Inasal and Chowking are also popular and have successfully competed against international fast food chains.
The school year in the Philippines starts in June and ends in March, with a two-month summer break from April to May, two-week semestral break in October and Christmas and New Year's holidays. Changes are currently being made to the system and some universities have copied the Westernized academic calendar and now start the school year in August.[citation needed]
In 2005, the Philippines spent about US$138 per pupil compared to US$1,582 in Singapore, US$3,728 in Japan, and US$852 in Thailand.
Arnis, a form of martial arts, is the national sport in the Philippines. Among the most popular sports include basketball, boxing, football, billiards, chess, ten-pin bowling, volleyball, horse racing, Sepak Takraw, cockfighting and Bullfighting. Dodgeball, badminton and Tennis are also popular.
There are several forms of Filipino martial arts that originated in the Philippines (similar to how Silat is the martial arts practiced in Asia) including Eskrima (weapon-based fighting, also known as Arnis and in the West sometimes as Kali), Panantukan (empty-handed techniques), and Pananjakman (the boxing component of Filipino martial arts).
Traditional Philippine games such as luksong baka, patintero, piko, and tumbang preso are still played primarily as children's games among the youth. Sungka is played on a board game using small sea shells in which players try to take all shells. The winner is determined by who has the most shells at the point when all small pits become empty.
Sabong or cockfighting is another popular entertainment especially among Filipino men, and existed prior to the arrival of the Spanish. Antonio Pigafetta, Magellan's chronicler, first documented this pastime in the kingdom of Taytay.
The yo-yo, a popular toy in the Philippines, was introduced in its modern form by Pedro Flores with its name coming from the Ilocano language.
The Philippines, with the National Commission for Culture and the Arts as the de facto Ministry of Culture, ratified the 2003 Convention after its formal deposit in August 2006.
An Overseas Filipino is a person of Filipino origin, who lives outside of the Philippines. This term is applied to people of Filipino ancestry, who are citizens or residents of a different country. Often, these Filipinos are referred to as Overseas Filipino Workers.
There are about 11 million overseas Filipinos living worldwide, equivalent to about 11 percent of the total population of the Philippines.
Each year, thousands of Filipinos migrate to work abroad through overseas employment agencies and other programs. Other individuals emigrate and become permanent residents of other nations. Overseas Filipinos often work as doctors, nurses, accountants, IT professionals, engineers, architects, entertainers, technicians, teachers, military servicemen, students, caregivers, domestic helpers, and household maids.
International employment includes an increasing number of skilled Filipino workers taking on unskilled work overseas, resulting in what has been referred to as brain drain, particularly in the health and education sectors. Also, the employment can result in underemployment, for example, in cases where doctors undergo retraining to become nurses and other employment programs.
While Silay, Iloilo City, and San Fernando de Pampanga have ordinances giving certain tax exemptions to owners of heritage houses. In 2010, the Philippine Cultural Heritage Act passed into law, effectively giving protections to all cultural heritage properties of the Philippines. However, despite its passage, many ancestral home owners continue to approve the demolition of ancestral structures. In certain cases, government entities themselves were the purveyors of such demolitions.
Xander mopes alone at his apartment but eventually can't stand it anymore and leaves. As he walks away, Anya watches him from behind some bushes.
The next day, Willow waits for Tara outside of her classroom and the two talk and plan a coffee date. Buffy and Dawn stroll downtown, but there are very few stores where Dawn can show her face: she has confessed to shoplifting at most of them. They chat about all of the things Dawn stole and how they're working to remedy the whole problem.
Jonathan works on a project involving the disk they stole as Warren watches over, eager for it to be complete. While Jonathan finishes his work alone, Warren and Andrew Wells talk about their inability to trust Jonathan and how soon they won't need him anymore.
The next day, Anya has coffee with Halfrek and the two demons talk about Anya's attempts at vengeance. Halfrek reminds Anya that she can't grant her own wishes and must get someone else to wish Xander harm.
At the Summers house, Buffy makes pancakes for Dawn. Dawn realizes she's trying too hard to make up for what happened when she was crazy, and eventually Buffy catches on to that reality as well. Dawn proposes the idea of joining Buffy on patrol so the two can spend some time together, but Buffy isn't interested in that.
Buffy confronts Spike at his crypt with the mini camera she found. Spike denies planting the mini camera, and he further insists that he would never do anything like that to hurt Buffy, because he believes that the love between them is real. Buffy concedes that it is, for him; this hurts Spike deeply.
At Buffy's house, Willow uses her computer to try to trace the camera's signal. Given that it was not Spike, they correctly assume that the Trio are behind it.
Jonathan completes his work with the disk, and uses it to highlight a spot on a map of Sunnydale. The Trio are delighted, until the map catches fire. This distracts them from a red light, flashing to announce that their network has been penetrated.
Anya and Spike drink the whiskey and complain to each other about their respective relationship problems. Spike reiterates how he despises Xander, but Anya cannot get him to make a wish. Spike also tells Anya that he likes her forthrightness.
Willow finds more camera feeds: the Trio are watching her classrooms, the Bronze, Xander's and Buffy's workplaces. Buffy wants to find them even more urgently now.
Spike and Anya seek comfort in each other's arms. Anya feels guilty about what happened with Xander and Spike consoles her, which leads to much more. The two kiss and undress. Andrew belatedly sees the intrusion alarm. Willow stumbles upon the Magic Box feed as Spike and Anya are having sex on a table. Warren directs Andrew to shut down the surveillance network, but they are captivated by the action on the Magic Box camera.
In Christian tradition, the Four Evangelists are Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John, the authors attributed with the creation of the four Gospel accounts in the New Testament that bear the following titles: Gospel according to Matthew; Gospel according to Mark; Gospel according to Luke and Gospel according to John. 
The gospels of Matthew, Mark, and Luke are known as the Synoptic Gospels, because they include many of the same stories, often in the same sequence.  While the periods to which the gospels are usually dated suggest otherwise, convention traditionally holds that the authors were two of the Twelve Apostles of Jesus, John and Matthew, as well as two "apostolic men," Mark and Luke, whom Orthodox Tradition records as members of the 70 Apostles (Luke 10):
They are called evangelists, a word meaning "people who proclaim good news," because their books aim to tell the "good news" ("gospel") of Jesus.
Matthew is often cited as the "first Gospel account," not only owing to its place in the canon, but also in view of the patristic witness to this effect. Most biblical scholars however, see the gospel account of Mark as having been written first (see Markan priority) and John's gospel account as having been written last.
It has become customary to speak of "the Gospel of Matthew" ... "the Gospel of John", not least because it is shorter and rolls much more smoothly off the tongue; but it is worth noting that the ancient titles do not use the genitive of possession, but the preposition "according to", signifying that each evangelist sets forth the one "Gospel of God" according to his own capacity, but not in the sense of creating his own story.
Symbol facing evangelist portrait at the start of the Gospel of St John; Egmond Gospels, Royal Library of the Netherlands
Sparrows is a three-piece post hardcore band originally from Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. Formed in 2010 the band consists of vocalist/guitarist Dan Thomson, guitarist Alex Pley, and drummer Jon Busby. In March 2015 the group was named one of Alternative Press magazine's "100 Bands You Need to Know".
In May 2019 the group announced their third studio album Failed Gods via Sound Anxiety Records with the addition of bassist Jack Panic. The following month the group debuted the video for their single "Fifth Helena Drive" featuring local Toronto venue Sneaky Dee's, the same day the restaurant announced their collaborative dish "Fifth Helena Homefries".
In November 2019 the band announced via Facebook a new lineup featuring Thomson, Busby, and the addition of guitarist Alex Pley.
In September of 2020, Sparrows released the two song EP Death Crown digitally. These two tracks were recorded earlier in 2020 with Mario Quintero of Spotlights.
Sparrows is considered post-hardcore utilizing melodic elements of punk and rock throughout their music. In 2013 Alternative Press described their sound as "If Moneen sounded evil" as Moneen guitarist/vocalist Kenny Bridges had produced three records for the group. A 2019 article from Metal Injection compared the group's blasts of distortion and use of dynamics to the American alternative metal group Deftones
Paul Grandhomme was a French medalist, engraver and enameller.  Born in Paris in 1851, he died in Saint-Briac-sur-Mer in 1944.
Another frequent collaborator of Grandhomme's was Jules Brateau, a silversmith and metal-worker.  Grandhomme used his flat as his studio, with his dining room as the main area of work, and using a furnace in his kitchen to bake the enamel.  Grandhomme also worked with the Falize Jewellery house, particularly Lucien Falize.
The 132-meter high Baroque spire totally covered with copper is a prominent feature of Hamburg's skyline and has always been a landfall mark for ships sailing up the river Elbe.
The composer and pianist Johannes Brahms was baptized on May 26, 1833 in this church and confirmed at the age of fifteen by Pastor von Ahlsen, who had married Brahms's parents.
Offering 2,500 seats, the Michel is the largest church in Hamburg. The church has a Latin cross plan with 44 m width, 52 m length and 27 m height.
The church has five organs including a Marcussen organ and a large Steinmeyer organ with its 85 registers, 5 manuals and 6674 pipes. On 9 October 2008, St. Michael's received a new crypt organ, named after Felix Mendelssohn Bartholdy.
The pulpit is in the center of the building which was crafted out of marble by sculptor Otto Lessing from Dresden in 1910. It was designed to look like a rounded chalice and features a magnificent staircase. The large pulpit roof is crowned by the Angel of Annunciation.
Made from white marble, the baptismal font was crafted in Livorno in 1763 and donated by Hamburg merchants who lived there at that time. The baptismal font is reminiscent of a seashell and supported by three baptism angels.
The church is the seat of one of the three bishops of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Northern Germany.
Piney Prospect, also known as the Sugg House, is a historic home located near Tarboro, Edgecombe County, North Carolina. The original house was built about 1800, and enlarged to its present size about 1820.  It is a two-story, rectangular, frame dwelling in the Early Republic style.  It features a four-bay, two-tiered recessed porch with three free standing and two engaged columns.  The interior has Adamesque design elements.  Also on the property is a large barn built about 1860.
This article about a property in Edgecombe County, North Carolina on the National Register of Historic Places is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This Spitsbergen mountain, mountain range, or peak related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Ithocritus is a genus of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae, containing the following species:
This article related to a German film of the 1960s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Turnout in the primary election was 43.50%, with a total of 2,493,518 ballots cast. 1,321,810 Democratic and 1,171,708 Republican primary ballots were cast.
This was the fourth consecutive election in which the state had voted for the Republican ticket in a presidential election.
Incumbent Democrat Adlai Stevenson III, did not seek reelection. Democrat Alan J. Dixon was elected to succeed him.
In a January 22, 1980 special election for Illinois's 10th congressional district, Republican John Porter captured what had previously been a Democratic-held seat.
In the November election, none of Illinois' seats switched parties, with there remaining 14 Republican and seats 10 Democratic seats in Illinois' House of Representatives delegation.
Some seats of the Illinois Senate were up for election in 1980. Democrats retained control of the chamber.
All of the seats in the Illinois House of Representatives were up for election in 1980. Republicans flipped control of the chamber.
The election saw the reelection first-term incumbent Democratic Nina T. Shepherd and the election of new members, Republicans Galey S. Day and Dean E. Madden.
Illinois voters voted on a two ballot measures in 1980. In order to be approved, the measures required either 60% support among those specifically voting on the measure or 50% support among all ballots cast in the elections.
The two measures were approved, becoming the first amendments to be successfully made following the passage of the 1970 Constitution of Illinois.
Voters approved the Size of State House of Representatives Amendment (also known as "Amendment 1", the "Legislative Article", and the "Cutback Amendment"), which was an initiated constitutional amendment that amended Article IV, Sections 1, 2 and 3 of the Constitution of Illinois to reduce the size of the Illinois House of Representatives from 177 to 118 members, eliminated cumulative voting, and replace the use of multi-member districts with single-member districts.
Voters approved the Sale of Tax Delinquent Property Amendment (also known as "Article 2"), which was a legislatively referred constitutional amendment that amended Article IX, Section 8 of the Constitution of Illinois to reduce the redemption period on the sale of tax delinquent property.
Despite its name the prison has never been operated by, or housed prisoners of, Perry County. It opened in April 2006.[citation needed] A contract with the Vermont Department of Corrections for the housing of 80 offenders ended in April 2009 amid allegations of understaffing and inmates being injured. It was Vermont's first private-prison contract.
On May 25, 2009, prisoners Ashton Mink and Joshua Southwick escaped and were re-captured after a 14-hour shootout in Gladstone, North Dakota. Shortly thereafter Alabama removed its 250 prisoners from the facility, citing money concerns, although state Prison Commissioner Richard Allen noted that LCS had taken eleven and a half hours to notify officials of the Memorial Day escape.
The facility continues to house federal inmates of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement and the United States Marshals Service. As of November 2013[update] only about 30 federal prisoners were held in Perry even though the Alabama state system was running at an average 192% capacity.
He was born in Wellington, New Zealand, in 1921, and educated at Wellington College. He died in Wellington in 1995.
He stood unsuccessfully for the Communist Party for the Island Bay electorate in 1949, 1954, 1960, 1963, and 1966.
This biographical article related to government in New Zealand is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This biographical article about an activist from New Zealand is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Chatham-Kent Municipal Council is the governing body of the Municipality of Chatham-Kent in southwestern Ontario, Canada.
The municipality is divided into six wards. Each ward elects a different number of members to council.
Council Ward 6 - Chatham (6 Councillors) Michael Bondy Marjorie Crew Amy Finn Karen Kirkwood-Whyte Brock McGregor Douglas Sulman
The first four yearly lists each had 50 selections. Since 2006, 25 recordings have been selected annually. As of 2020[update], a total of 550 recordings have been preserved in the Registry. Each calendar year, public nominations are accepted for inclusion in that year's list of selections, which are announced the following spring.
Each yearly list typically includes a few recordings that have also been selected for inclusion in the holdings of the National Archives' audiovisual collection. Recordings on the National Recording Registry that are of a political nature tend to overlap with the audiovisual collection of the National Archives. The list shows overlapping items and whether the National Archives has an original or a copy of the recording.
As of 2020[update], the oldest recording on the list is Edouard-Leon Scott de Martinville's Phonautograms which date back to the 1850s. The most recent are Colin Currie's recording of Jennifer Higdon's Percussion Concerto and the This American Life podcast episode "The Giant Pool of Money" (each from 2008).
Patrick Greene (born 1985) is an American composer and performer of contemporary classical music. A lifelong resident of New England, he has been based in Boston, Massachusetts, since 2008.
Greene earned his MM in Composition from the Boston Conservatory in May 2010, where his primary teachers were Andy Vores and Dalit Warshaw. While at the Conservatory, he also studied with Jan Swafford and Curtis Hughes. His undergraduate career was at Trinity College, where he earned his B.A. in Music in 2007. His primary teachers at Trinity were Gerald Moshell and Douglas Bruce Johnson.
In writing about Greene's style, Jonathan Blumhofer of the Boston Classical Review notes "his musical language is ... diverse," with a "wide emotional breadth.". His music has been called "undeniably expressive and smartly crafted."
Greene has described his music as "extractive," rather than "abstractive," while still noting the unique expressive power of music as an abstract medium.
In interviews, Greene has cited the work of composers like Maurice Ravel, Steven Stucky, Igor Stravinsky, Toru Takemitsu, and Charles Ives as inspiration; he also draws influence from Anglican choral traditions and rock bands such as Radiohead and Tool.
Recent projects include Mabinte, a co-composition with the percussionist/composer Ryan Edwards. Commissioned by the Boston Landmarks Orchestra, it paired the orchestral musicians with dozens of young members of Greater Boston Boys and Girls Clubs, and featured choreography by Brian Mirage. It premiered in the Hatch Memorial Shell on the Charles River Esplanade in the summer of 2016.
Greene's song cycle Year of Glad, based on erasure poetry by Jenni B. Baker from David Foster Wallace's Infinite Jest, premiered in Chicago in spring 2016. Other recent vocal works include "Come soon, you feral cats", a cycle on the poetry of W. S. Di Piero written for and premiered by the New York-based loadbang ensemble.
Steel Symphony, a 2013 composition for virtuoso organ, has been performed extensively across the United States. Composed for Christopher Houlihan, it gained special praise in the New York Times.
Connie Cynthia Henry (born 15 April 1972 in London) is a female social mobility consultant and former international triple jumper who won bronze in the 1998 Commonwealth Games in Kuala Lumpur. She is the founder and director of Track Academy by Connie Henry in north-west London, a registered charity which supports young people from disadvantaged backgrounds through sport, education and mentoring, thus creating social mobility.
Connie moved to Sydney in the autumn of 1997 to train with Keith Connor, a former British Olympic triple jump medallist and then-Australian head coach. 
In the summer of 1998, she set a personal best of 13.95m in Thurrock, took fourth at the 1998 European Cup, and represented Great Britain at the 1998 European Athletics Championships.
After coming third at the 2000 AAA Championships, Connie decided to retire from professional athletics, returning to live in the UK. 
She then moved into sports journalism, providing commentary for broadcasters such as Eurosport, Sky and the BBC, reporting on events such as the IAAF World Championships in Athletics and the Summer Olympics. She also worked with boxing promoter Frank Warren, a role which saw her broadcast from the heavyweight match between Vitali Klitschko and Danny Williams in Las Vegas.
Connie launched Track Academy by Connie Henry in 2007 at the Willesden Sports Centre in London, where she herself trained as a teenager. Now a registered charity, the organisation uses sport, education and mentoring to support young people, helping to reduce the negative impact of gangs, drugs and crime. 
Sporting sessions are held for two- to 21-year-olds three times a week, with toddler sessions for two-year-olds up and multi-skills classes available for children aged from four to ten. Members are offered English and Maths classes on Saturdays at Capital City Academy, next to the sports centre, while they can also benefit from one-on-one mentoring support. The work of Track Academy was featured in an ITV documentary, Run For Your Life, in April 2019.
2015 in paleoentomology is a list of new fossil insect taxa that were described during the year 2015, as well as other significant discoveries and events related to paleoentomology that were scheduled to occur during the year.
A leaf beetle belonging to the subfamily Galerucinae found in Rovno amber. The type species is Archealtica convexa.
A lamprosomatine leaf beetle. Genus contains two species known from Baltic amber: Archelamprosomius balticus and Archelamprosomius kirejtshuki.
A skin beetle belonging to the subfamily Attageninae found in Dominican amber, a species of Attagenus.
A skin beetle belonging to the subfamily Megatominae found in Dominican amber, a species of Caccoleptus.
A skin beetle belonging to the subfamily Megatominae found in Dominican amber, a species of Caccoleptus.
A darkling beetle belonging to the subfamily Alleculinae and the tribe Gonoderini. The type species is Calcarocistela kirejtshuki.
A monotomid beetle. The type species is C. birmanicus; genus also contains C. hispanicus from the Albian of Spain.
A skin beetle belonging to the subfamily Megatominae found in Dominican amber, a species of Cryptorhopalum.
A skin beetle belonging to the subfamily Megatominae found in Dominican amber, a species of Cryptorhopalum.
A skin beetle belonging to the subfamily Megatominae found in Baltic amber, a species of Globicornis.
A member of Sphindidae. Genus contains five species: L. poinari, L. impexa, L. limosa, L. straminea and L. slipinskii.
A longhorn beetle belonging to the subfamily Spondylidinae and the tribe Anisarthrini found in Baltic amber. The type species is Mesalocerus tetropoides.
A leaf beetle belonging to the subfamily Chrysomelinae. The type species is M. antenattus; genus also includes M. adapertilis, M. angusticollis, M. basicollis and M. trapezicollis.
A member of Buprestidae. The type species is Mongoligenula altilabdominis; genus also contains Mongoligenula gracilis.
A member of Aderidae. Genus contains four species: P. densipunctatus, P. saeticornis, P. glabricornis and P. mara.
A member of Brentidae belonging to the subfamily Nanophyinae. The type species is Palaeonanophyes zherikhini.
A member of Brentidae belonging to the subfamily Apioninae and the tribe Tanaini found in Oise amber. The type species is Palaeotanaos oisensis.
A lophocaterine trogossitid beetle. The type species is Paracretocateres bellus. Kirejtshuk (2017) considered the genus Paracretocateres to be a junior synonym of the genus Forticatinius Tan & Ren (2007).
A member of Glaphyridae. The type species is Paraglaphyrus yixianensis; genus also contains Paraglaphyrus ovalis, Paraglaphyrus robustus and Paraglaphyrus subtilis.
A relative of reticulated beetles. A new genus for "Simmondsia" permiana Ponomarenko (2004); genus also contains new species Proterocupes nedubrovensis and Proterocupes major.
A weevil belonging to the family Attelabidae found in Dominican amber, a species of Pseudopilolabus.
A false darkling beetle belonging to the tribe Dircaeini found in Baltic amber. The type species is Quasianisoxya curonensis.
A leaf beetle belonging to the subfamily Cassidinae found in Baltic amber. The type species is Succinispa stainesi.
A lamprosomatine leaf beetle found in Baltic amber. The type species is Succinoomorphus warchalowskii.
A leaf beetle belonging to the subfamily Eumolpinae found in Baltic amber, a species of Taphioporus.
A leaf beetle belonging to the subfamily Eumolpinae found in Baltic amber, a species of Taphioporus.
A darkling beetle belonging to the tribe Palorini found in Baltic amber. The type species is Vabole triplehorni.
A member of Ochodaeidae belonging to the subfamily Chaetocanthinae and the tribe Synochodaeini. The type species is Yixianochodaeus horridus.
A member of Scarabaeoidea belonging to the family Eremazidae. The type species is Yixianscarabaeus sulcatus; genus also includes Yixianscarabaeus tenuistriatus.
A ceratopogonid midge. Originally described as a species of Archiculicoides; Borkent (2019) transferred this species to the genus Archiaustroconops.
A zhangsolvid stratiomyomorph. Genus contains two species: Buccinatormyia magnifica and B. soplaensis.
A member of Chironomidae belonging to the tribe Tanytarsini found in Baltic amber. The type species is Eonandeva helva; genus also contains Eonandeva latistyla.
A black fly found in Rovno amber. Originally described as a species of Hellichiella; Perkovsky & Sukhomlin (2016) transferred it to the genus Greniera and considered it to be a junior synonym of Greniera yankovskyi.
A moth fly. Originally described as a species of Nemopalpus, but subsequently transferred to the genus Palaeoglaesum.
A moth fly. The type species is Palaeoparasycorax globosus; genus also contains Palaeoparasycorax suppus.
A trichomyiine psychodid found in New Jersey amber. The type species is Xenotrichomyia newjerseyiensis.
A procercopid cicadomorph, a relative of froghoppers; a replacement name for Sinotettegarcta longa Hong (1986).
A member of Saldidae. The type species is Baissotea infanta; genus also contains Baissotea peregrina and Baissotea popovi.
A member of Cicadomorpha belonging to the family Scytinopteridae. The type species is Euroscytina lutevanorum.
A monophlebid scale insect found in Baltic amber. Genus contains two species: P. hoffeinorum and P. kotejai.
A member of Sternorrhyncha belonging to the superfamily Psylloidea and the family Protopsyllidiidae, a species of Permopsyllidium.
An augiline caliscelid planthopper found in Dominican amber. The type species is Quizqueiplana alexbrowni.
A procercopid cicadomorph. The type species is Stellularis longirostris; genus also contains "Anthoscytina" aphthosa Ren, Yin & Dou (1998) and "Anthoscytina" macula Hu, Yao & Ren (2014).
A cimicomorph, probably a member of Thaumastocoridae, found in Baltic amber. The type species is Thaumastotingis areolatus.
An ellinaphidid aphid. Genus contains two species: Vetellinaphis cracens and Vetellinaphis longalata.
An ant belonging to the subfamily Myrmicinae. The type species is B. zherikhini; genus also contains B. lata and B. rugosa.
A braconid wasp. The type species is C. keeleyorum from the Green River Formation; genus also contains "Ichneutes" contortus Brues (1933) known from Baltic amber.
A praesiricid sawfly. The type species is Decorisiricius patulus; genus also contains Decorisiricius longus.
A cuckoo wasp found in Baltic amber; a replacement name for Protochrysis Bischoff (1916) and its first replacement name Protochrysidis Carpenter (1985) (both preoccupied).
A member of Pergidae belonging to the subfamily Euryinae. The type species is F. perfectus; genus also includes F. propinquus.
A praesiricid sawfly. The type species is Decorisiricius aequalis; genus also contains Limbisiricius complanatus.
An ant belonging to the subfamily Ponerinae, a species of Pachycondyla. A replacement name for Pachycondyla minuta Dlussky & Wedmann (2012) (preoccupied).
A member of Pteromalidae belonging to the subfamily Cerocephalinae found in Baltic amber. The type species is Pteropilosa lailarabanorum.
A member of Pteromalidae belonging to the subfamily Cerocephalinae found in Dominican amber. The type species is Tenuicornus dominicus.
A beaded lacewing. A new genus for "Mesithone" protea Panfilov (1980); genus also contains "Mesithone" gracilis Panfilov (1980).
A neuropteran of uncertain phylogenetic placement; originally described as an osmylid, but Winterton et al. (2019) transferred it to the family Nymphidae. The type species is C. magnificus.
Originally classified as a pleasing lacewing; subsequently considered to be a member of the superfamily Psychopsoidea of uncertain phylogenetic placement by Lu, Zhang & Liu (2016), while Liu et al. (2018) considered it to be a member of the family Kalligrammatidae. The type species is C. magnificus.
An osmylopsychopid neuropteran. Five species: D. dissectus, D. clausus, D. inanis, D. bifasciatus and D. cubitalis.
A mantispid neuropteran; a new genus for "Mesithone" carnaria Khramov (2013) and "Mesithone" monstruosa Khramov (2013). Jepson, Khramov & Ohl (2018) transferred "Mesithone" monstruosa to the genus Ovalofemora.
A nymphid neuropteran. Originally described as a species of Sialium; Archibald & Makarkin (2020) transferred it to the genus Spilonymphes.
A member of Lepidoptera belonging to the family Eolepidopterigidae. The type species is Aclemus patulus.
A relative of stick insects belonging to the family Permophasmatidae. The type species is Arachnephasma scurra.
A member of Polyneoptera/Gryllones belonging to the group Reculida and the family Chaulioditidae. The type species is Arkhangeloptera sokica.
A member of Polyneoptera/Gryllones belonging to the group Reculida and the family Lemmatophoridae; a species of Artinska.
A flea belonging to the family Pulicidae found in Dominican amber. The type species is Atopopsyllus cionus.
A mecopteran of uncertain phylogenetic placement; a new genus for "Prochoristella" leongatha Jell & Duncan (1986).
A member of Grylloblattida/Eoblattida belonging to the family Daldubidae. The type species is Batkentak intactus.
A member of Grylloblattida/Eoblattida belonging to the family Permotermopsidae. The type species is Belebey mutilus. The generic name is a junior homonym of Belebey Ivakhnenko (1973); Aristov (2019) coined a replacement name Belebeus.
A member of Holometabola of uncertain phylogenetic placement. The type species is Cavalarva caudata.
A member of Polyneoptera/Gryllones belonging to the group Reculida and the family Chaulioditidae; a species of Chauliodites.
A member of Polyneoptera/Gryllones belonging to the order Reculida and the family Chelopteridae, a species of Chelopterum.
A member of Lepidoptera belonging to the family Micropterigidae found in Baltic amber, a species of Electrocrania.
A member of Polyneoptera/Gryllones belonging to the group Reculida and the family Geinitziidae; a species of Geinitzia.
A member of Grylloblattida/Eoblattida belonging to the family Permotermopsidae, a species of Idelina.
A member of Polyneoptera/Gryllones belonging to the group Reculida and the family Pinideliidae. The type species is Idelopterum samoedum.
A member of Grylloblattida/Eoblattida belonging to the family Atactophlebiidae. The type species is Issadophlebia fusa.
A member of Grylloblattida/Eoblattida belonging to the family Doubraviidae. The type species is Iva permiana. The generic name is a junior homonym of the pontellid Iva Lubbock (1853).
A member of Archaeorthoptera belonging to the group Caloneurodea. The type species is Jarmiloptera mouralensis.
A member of Grylloblattida/Eoblattida belonging to the family Euryptilonidae; a new genus for "Sylvardembia" pectinata Novokshonov, (2000).
A member of Cnemidolestida/Cnemidolestodea (an extinct group of insects of uncertain phylogenetic placement, might be related to plecopterans or orthopterans) belonging to the family Protembiidae. The type species is Kirovopteron luteus.
A member of Grylloblattida/Eoblattida belonging to the family Doubraviidae. The type species is "Cerasopterum" megakhosaroides Aristov (2004).
A member of Grylloblattida (an extinct group of insect containing putative relatives of extant grylloblattids) belonging to the family Sylvaphlebiidae. The type species is Lodevophlebia reticulata.
A member of Grylloblattida/Eoblattida belonging to the family Eoblattidae. The type species is Lomovatka udovichenkoi.
A member of Protorthoptera, possibly a member of the family Sheimiidae; a new genus for "Pseudosheimia" alligans Aristov & Rasnitsyn (2009).
A member of Grylloblattida/Eoblattida belonging to the family Atactophlebiidae. The type species is Malmyzhia kazanica.
A corydioid cockroach and/or a possible relative of the mantises. The type species is Manipulator  modificaputis.
A member of Grylloblattida/Eoblattida belonging to the family Megakhosaridae, a species of Megakhosarella.
A member of Grylloblattida/Eoblattida belonging to the family Atactophlebiidae. The type species is Novokshonovus ignoratus Aristov & Rasnitsyn; genus also includes Novokshonovus boreus Aristov.
A member of Grylloblattida (an extinct group of insect containing putative relative of extant grylloblattids) belonging to the family Euryptilonidae, a species of Oborella.
A member of Grylloblattida/Eoblattida belonging to the family Mesorthopteridae, a species of Parastenaropodites.
A member of Grylloblattida (an extinct group of insect containing putative relative of extant grylloblattids). The type species is Permobaharellus salagousensis.
A member of Grylloblattida/Eoblattida belonging to the family Permopectinidae, a species of Permopectina.
A member of Polyneoptera/Gryllones belonging to the group Reculida and the family Geinitziidae; a species of Permoshurabia.
A member of Polyneoptera/Gryllones belonging to group Reculida and the family Geinitziidae, a species of Permoshurabia.
A member of Polyneoptera/Gryllones belonging to the group Reculida and the family Geinitziidae. The type species is Permovalia abortiva.
A member of Grylloblattida/Eoblattida belonging to the family Protophasmatidae; a new genus for "Paranarkemina" martinsnetoi Pinto (1999).
A damsel-dragonfly belonging to the clade Isophlebioptera. The type species is Pseudostenolestes bechlyi.
A member of Dictyoptera of uncertain phylogenetic placement. The type species is Raptoblatta waddingtonae.
A member of Polyneoptera/Gryllones belonging to the group Reculida and the family Geinitziidae; a species of Shurabia.
A member of the family Bajanzhargalanidae, a possible relative of ice crawlers. Genus contains four species: Sinonele fangi, Sinonele hei, Sinonele phasmoides and Sinonele mini.
An aykhalid megasecopteran. Genus contains Sinopalaeopteryx olivieri and Sinopalaeopteryx splendens.
A member of Cnemidolestida/Cnemidolestodea belonging to the family Protembiidae. The type species is Soyanocadaver crypticus.
A member of Polyneoptera/Gryllones belonging to the group Reculida and the family Geinitziidae; a species of Stegopterum.
A member of Grylloblattida/Eoblattida belonging to the family Cacurgidae. The type species is Suksunus bicodex.
A member of Polyneoptera/Gryllones belonging to the group Reculida and the family Liomopteridae; a species of Sylvaella.
A member of Polyneoptera/Gryllones belonging to the group Reculida and the family Sylvaphlebiidae; a species of Sylvaphlebia.
A member of Polyneoptera/Gryllones belonging to the group Reculida and the family Sylvaphlebiidae; a species of Sylviodes.
A member of Grylloblattida/Eoblattida belonging to the family Mesorthopteridae. The type species is "Alicula" asiatica Storozhenko (1997).
A member of Hypoperlida belonging to the family Tococladidae. The type species is Tshekardocladus sparsus.
A member of Cnemidolestida/Cnemidolestodea belonging to the family Protembiidae, a species of Tshekardomina.
A member of Polyneoptera/Gryllones belonging to the group Reculida and the family Lemmatophoridae; a species of Uraloprisca.
Space Night (full title: space night - All-tag nachts) is the name of a German television program in the early night/morning hours each day. It is a mixture of chill-out-music and images of the earth as seen from space interspersed with informative broadcasts. It was started by the Bayerischer Rundfunk (BR) in 1994 and is now broadcast by ARD-alpha.
The Space Night's structure consists of several different sub-programs. In any given month, on any given weekday, the programs will be the same. In the next month, the programs will change, but again stay the same for the same weekdays. There are no broadcasts during Friday and Saturday nights.
Space Night itself does not have any opening or closing credits; only the sub-programs may do. You can recognize a program is part of Space Night in two ways:
The sub-programs are never all part of any single Space Night. Instead the programs from the beginning of a Space Night are repeated at the end, so that some episodes of a program may be broadcast twice during one Space Night. If a program would continue to run longer than the Space Night itself, it will be interrupted in the middle.
Space Night started in 1994 as a replacement of the test cards which were broadcast on BR at night  until this time. The idea originated in the fact that the German satellite ASTRO-SPAS (see STS-80) had recorded many hours of video footage in space. The BR received this footage, edited the material and added downtempo spherical music.
As BR did not want to show the same pictures 7 days a week, both NASA and ESA as well as the German Aerospace Center were addressed. They offered more hours of footage from in and around space, which were thus included.
The restart was scheduled for November 1, 2013. It had to be postponed to November, 15th, because NASA was not able to provide the necessary graphical material, due to the Government shutdown in the United States.
Since the 25th anniversary of the first human landing on the moon the original  version of the broadcast of the ARD is shown at the exact time of the original  airing.
Zola holds a Bachelor of Arts degree, with distinction, from the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor (1973), and a Master of Arts degree in Counseling Psychology from Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois (1976). He earned a Master of Arts in Hebrew Letters (1981), Rabbinic Ordination (1982), a Master of Philosophy (1988) from HUC-JIR. Zola received his Ph.D. in American Jewish History from HUC-JIR in 1991.
A very good connoisseur of music, he published works on Schubert and Wagner and traced the history of the ballet since Louis XIV.
 Waimataitai is a suburb of Timaru, in the South Canterbury district and Canterbury region of New Zealand's South Island. 
Northtown Mall opened at Waimataitai in the 1970s. It was upgraded in 2016, and includes a Pak'nSave supermarket.
A number of chain stores have their Timaru branches at Waimataitai, including Briscoes, and Supercheap Auto. There are a number of fast food outlets in the area, including McDonald's, KFC, Domino's Pizza and Pizza Hut.
Sweep was bred by James R. Keene. He was sired by Kentucky Derby winner Ben Brush out of the Domino mare Pink Domino. he was trained by James Rowe. Sweep was a Champion two-year-old with a long stride. He placed second in the Hopeful Stakes and the Saratoga Special Stakes before he won the Futurity Stakes by over half a dozen lengths under a tight hold.
Racing at three, with jockey James Butwell aboard, Sweep won the 1910 Belmont Stakes in a time of 2:22 when the race was contested at 1 3/8 miles. He was the favorite at 1 to 10 odds and won by six lengths over the only other starter, Duke of Ormonde. It was one of only five times in the history of the stakes race that just two horses have been entered.
Retired to Keene's Castleton Farm, in 1917 Sweep was the leading sire of two-year-olds. He was the leading sire by earnings of all horses in 1918 and again in 1925.  He was a great sire and broodmare sire, with three daughters that produced Kentucky Derby winners.  They were Beaming Beauty, dam of Bubbling Over; Brushup, dam of War Admiral; and Dust Whirl, dam of Whirlaway.  Both War Admiral and Whirlaway became Triple Crown champions.
His daughter Washoe Belle became the foundation mare to whom trace Forward Pass, Alydar, Princess Turia, T.V. Lark., etc.
Another daughter, La Chica, became the foundation mare to whom trace Grey Flight and Native Dancer, which bring the Northern Dancer and Mr. Prospector lines.
Other successful progeny include Eternal, General Thatcher, The Porter, Leonardo, Bon Homme, and Pen Rose.
In molecular biology, Caf1 capsule antigen proteins are a family of the F1 capsule antigens Caf1 synthesised by Yersinia bacteria. They adopt a structure consisting of a seven strands arranged in two beta-sheets, in a Greek-key topology, and mediate targeting of the bacterium to sites of infection.
He retired in 1981 but stayed involved visiting and speaking to labor union groups almost until the end of his life. He died in 1990, survived at that time by his wife of 46 years, Helen Stickno, his daughters, Lois Wolkowitz and Carol Alt and four grandchildren, Matthew Alt, Allyson Alt, Rachel Wolkowitz Mack, and Jacob Wolkowitz.
Simon Jackson is a British playwright, filmmaker and poet, born in Manchester, UK. His plays deal with themes of redemptive love, the trauma of creation and the peeling back of layers to reveal the truth. The plays often exist in a dream like space between reality and fantasy and are characterised by poetic language and rich imagery.
Born in Manchester, Jackson studied Literature and Commercial Art at North Carolina State University in Raleigh, USA and Drama at Manchester University. He was later graduated with an MA (Distinction) in Textual Analysis and Creative Writing at the University of Edinburgh.
He was director of Living Arts Space Theatre Company, Manchester, from 1992 until 1995. He co-wrote a series of training films for Reuters International and a series of radio plays for French children learning English then left to teach in Eastern Europe, North Africa and South America. In 1998 he became the academic advisor to Heinemann/Macmillan, for Peru and was Head of Drama at Newton International College, Lima from 1998 to 2001.
He has been the winner of several literary competitions, including the Malton Literature Festival Poetry Award 2011, Ware Poets Sonnet Prize 2011, Segora Poetry Prize 2010/11, The Writers Bureau Poetry Competition 2010, Grace Dieux Writers' Prize 2009 and Tyne Valley Writers Open Poetry Competition in 1997. He was the judge for the Grace Dieu Award 2010.
Other short films include work for Billy Bragg's Jail Guitar Doors charity and collaborations with Get Cape. Wear Cape. Fly and with Scottish poets and artists Brian McCabe, Andrew Greig, Ali Hayes and Aonghas MacNeacail, shown by the BBC, at the UN Climate Change Conference in Mexico and at Film and Literary Festivals around the world.
He was invited to write a series of treatments for Transporter 2 (2004) by Jason Statham. Although the treatments were not used he has recently finished a full length screenplay for a new Statham project.
Greatest Hits contains songs from The Hooters' three albums on Columbia Records: Nervous Night (1985), One Way Home (1987) and Zig Zag (1989).
The Electronika BK is a series of 16-bit PDP-11-compatible fanless home computers developed under the Electronika brand by NPO Scientific Center, then the leading microcomputer design team in the Soviet Union. It was also the predecessor of the more powerful UKNC and DVK micros.
The BK series was essentially a barebones machine, with no peripherals or programming tools. The only software available at the launch, except read-only memory (ROM) firmware, was an included magnetic tape with several programming examples (for the languages BASIC and FOCAL), and several tests. The ROM firmware includes a simple program to enter machine codes, BASIC and FOCAL interpreters.
One of the operating systems was ANDOS, although officially the computer was shipped with OS BK-11, a modification of RT-11.
It was not uncommon among owners to install one or two mechanical switches that made using the computer more convenient. Some of the common mods were:
These modifications are relatively simple and can be carried out by users who knew how to handle a soldering iron. Most of the people in the program sales cottage industry can also do the mods for a small fee. Enthusiasts also managed to connect more advanced devices to BK series computers: they developed a hard disk drive (HDD) controller, and 2.5" HDDs were successfully used with BK computers. Other popular enhancements are AY-3-8912 sound chips and Covox Speech Thing.
There are various software emulators of BK for modern IBM PC compatible computers. An emulator is able to run at a much higher speed than the original BK.
There are also fairly complete re-implementations of the BK for field-programmable gate array (FPGA) based systems, such as the MiST.
The Milkanskoye mine is a large iron mine located in eastern Russia in the Far Eastern Federal District. Milkanskoye represents one of the largest iron ore reserves in Russia and in the world having estimated reserves of 2.7 billion tonnes of ore grading 31.5% iron metal.
Dyani was born (3 years before the establishment of Apartheid) and grew up in Duncan Village, East London, in the Buffalo City Metropolitan Municipality, eastern Cape Province of South Africa..
In 1966, Dyani toured Argentina with Steve Lacy's quartet. Lacy, Dyani and Moholo recorded The Forest and the Zoo.
In 1971, Dyani formed his own group Earthquake Power, and in 1972 co-founded Xaba with Mongezi Feza and Okay Temiz.
After his death, the remaining members of The Blue Notes reunited to record a moving tribute album, entitled Blue Notes for Johnny. Other musical tributes include:
In a memorial published in the South African magazine Rixaka, Pallo Jordan wrote of Dyani: "Above all, his music resounded with a joy in life."
Jungle Lord also included an innovative scoring feature called Double Trouble, a drop target feature that engages when the player hits five special targets.
Jungle Lord was the second of the four two-level System 7 games that Williams produced, the others being Black Knight, Pharaoh and Solar Fire.
The early production of the game had a red cabinet, and around 100 units were made. The later ones had a blue cabinet and the tiger artwork was slightly changed.
During subsequent years in the opposition, Otero published a weekly newsletter called the Confidential Information Service (SIC). In this publication, he revealed information that he personally received about acts of corruption by government officials.
The 2003 London Broncos season was the twenty-fourth in the club's history and their eighth season in the Super League. The club was coached by Tony Rea, competing in Super League VIII and finishing in 5th place. The club also got to the fifth round of the Challenge Cup.
Source: Rugby League Project. Classification: 1st on competition points; 2nd on match points difference. Competition points: for win = 2; for draw = 1; for loss = 0.
Richard John Howson (born August 1968) is a British businessman, and the former chief executive (CEO) of Carillion, a British multinational facilities management and construction services company that went into liquidation in January 2018. Howson's "misguided self-assurance" was said to have contributed to the company's collapse.
Howson was educated at Settle College, and earned a bachelor's degree in construction management from Leeds Polytechnic.
Howson worked at Balfour Beatty, Bovis, and Tarmac before becoming operations director for the Carillion Building business in 1999. In March 2004 he was promoted to national construction director on the Carillion Building senior management team, before becoming managing director of Carillion Rail in 2006, and then managing director of Carillion's Middle East and North African operations in 2007. Howson was appointed chief operating officer of Carillion in September 2010.
Carillion investors said the board focused more on their pay than the company's performance, with the protection of directors' pay extending to the creation of a secret bank account for Howson's share-related bonuses.
In the final report of the Parliamentary inquiry into the collapse of Carillion, published on 16 May 2018, Howson was severely criticised, described as "the figurehead for a business model that was doomed to fail". The report continued:
The report also recommended that the Insolvency Service should consider whether the former Carillion directors, including Howson, could be disqualified from acting as a director.
Howson became a non-executive director of Wood Group in April 2016, but resigned on 17 January 2018, following the collapse of Carillion.
Maud Island is an important predator free nature reserve (officially a Scientific Reserve as defined under New Zealand's Reserves Act) to which only scientists and conservationists have access. Visitors need a special permit issued by the New Zealand Department of Conservation.
Thanks to the efforts of conservationist Don Merton the kakapo was introduced onto the predator-free island in 1974. Additional kakapo were subsequently translocated onto other Islands like Codfish Island, Anchor Island and Little Barrier Island.
After only one breeding attempt by pair Flossie and Richard Henry in 1998 where three chicks were born, Maud Island's kakapo population was translocated to more forested islands. The takahe was also introduced there in 1985.
Another rare species is the Maud Island frog (Leiopelma pakeka), which was split from the Hamilton's frog (Leiopelma hamiltoni) in 1998 and is now seen as its own species. Maud Island has a rich invertebrate fauna. Weta are numerous with tree weta, cave weta and Cook Strait giant weta likely to be seen at night. A large weevil, the flax weevil can be seen on flax and the rare Cook Strait click beetle is also present on the island.
Welcome to Australia is a 1999 Carlton Television documentary, written and presented by  John Pilger and directed and produced by Alan Lowery that demonstrates the injustices endured by Aboriginal Australian sportsmen and women who were, until recently, denied a place on Australia's olympic teams.
"Whatever one may think of Pilger's style," stated Richard Ackland of ABC's Media Watch, "his film reminded us of a shameful and tragic history".
Prince George, Duke of Kent, brother of King George VI, died in an air crash on a hillside near Morven on 25 August 1942 while serving in the Royal Air Force.
The club added Nordic skiing in 1923, track and field in 1929 and bandy in 1934. All these were later abolished. The club got its own sports field with gravel surface in 1934, and a grass pitch in 1947. The grass pitch was changed to artificial turf in 2007, the same year that the name Ferd Stadion was inaugurated. The club colors are red and blue.
Daphne erosiloba is a shrub, of the family Thymelaeaceae.  It is native to China, specifically Western Sichuan.
The following list is a discography of production by No I.D., an American hip hop record producer from Chicago, Illinois. It includes a list of songs produced, co-produced and remixed by year, artist, album and title.
Coventry Godcakes are baked puff pastry pasties containing sweet mincemeat, which originate from the city of Coventry, England. They are in the form of a right-angled isosceles triangle, marked with three slits on the top and sprinkled with sugar. The triangular shape and the markings are said to be reference to the Holy Trinity.
Godcakes are a New Year tradition in the city, and are given by godparents to their godchildren along with a blessing for the year ahead.
In 2010, Leigh Waite, a local Blue Badge Tourist Guide with an interest in baking, was given a recipe by a local historian David McGrory. Leigh tried out the recipe, producing them to sell during the annual Heritage Open Weekend event in the city.
In August 2012, the Coventry Godcake was officially re-launched at a celebration event at Coventry Transport Museum attended by the Lord Mayor and guests, including the Coventry Mummers.
The triangles created in country lanes where three lanes meet derive their names from the Coventry Godcake. A triangle is created by the passing of farm vehicles, originally horse drawn carts,  as they turn. The so-called "god cakes", which are not particular to any one city or county, take their name from these triangular pastries.
This biographical article related to a South African cricket person born in the 2000s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
With the beginning of the Second World War, Andrews returned to work as a welder, this time for the British Power Company, constructing warships. There she met Walter Morgan, whom she married in 1943. Seven wartime depictions of ships by Andrews are in the collection of the Royal Air Force Museum London.
In 1925 she was employed by Iain Macnab as the first secretary of The Grosvenor School of Modern Art, where she also attended Claude Flight's linocutting classes. Around 1926 she began producing linocuts and one of her earliest prints Limehouse is in the British Museum Collection. Between 1928 and 1938 she exhibited linocuts extensively through shows organised by Flight.
Flight's most technical achievement to the medium was abandoning the key-block, forcing his students to create structure with color. In this way, Andrews relies on three to five blocks (one per color) and common print inks applied with a simple roller in order to create her lively prints.
Interest in her work was revived in late 2019, when the Dulwich Picture Gallery hosted an exhibition of the works of the Grosvenor School from June to September, which included several examples of her prints. Approximately a month after it closed, an exhibition concentrating on wholly her works opened at the Glenbow Museum in Canada, which finished in January the next year.
In 1947 she and Morgan moved to Canada and settled in Campbell River, British Columbia. Seeking a new life together after the depression of two world wars, Andrews and Morgan moved to a small cottage in the logging community on Vancouver Island where they made ends meet building and repairing boats. Rediscovered in the art world during the 1970s and 1980s, Andrews became a local celebrity and spent the rest of her life working, painting and teaching.
Sybil Andrews was elected to the Society of Canadian Painters, Etchers and Engravers in 1951 when her linocut Indian Dance was selected as the presentation print. In 1975, while working as a teacher and focusing on her practice, she completed one of her major works The Banner of St Edmund. It is hand embroidered in silks on linen and was first conceived, designed and begun in 1930. This banner now hangs in St Edmundsbury Cathedral, Bury St Edmunds, the town of her birth.
The Glenbow Museum in Canada holds copyright for Andrews' estate and houses the majority of her work with a collection of over 1000 examples, including the main body of her colour linocuts, original linoleum blocks, oil paintings and watercolour, drawings, drypoint etchings, sketchbooks, and personal papers. In recent years her works have sold extremely well at auction with record prices being achieved, primarily within Canada.
In 2015 an exhibition was held at the Art Gallery of Greater Victoria, Canada, A Study in Contrast: Sybil Andrews and Gwenda Morgan, comparing and contrasting fellow Grosvenor School artists. In 2017 her work was included in the exhibition, The Ornament of a House: Fifty Years of Collecting at the Burnaby Art Gallery. A full exhibition history is available in Sybil Andrews Linocuts.
The river surface is generally frozen from mid-December to the end of March. Safe traffic on the ice is generally from late December to early March. The water level of the river varies with the seasons and the precipitation.
The original name of the village, Les Contamines, is from the word contamines, which in the ancient local dialect meant ploughable land on the estate of the squire.
Creation of the local Mountain Guides Company which was established in 1850, marked the first corporation in the village dedicated to tourism. Further development surged after 1900, in the form of hotels, restaurants, and, in 1911, a local ski club.  The first ski lift began operation in 1937.
After World War II, in 1949, the name was changed to Les Contamines-Montjoie. The first chair lift opened three years later, in 1952, along with a summer attraction at l'Etape.
The village of Les Contamines is a jewel at the heart of the Mont Blanc region. The sensation of a hidden valley results in a very close knit local community. The village has preserved its historic aspect. More than 70% of old farm buildings have been restored in respect of the local Savoy architecture.
Les Contamines Montjoie main industry is tourism through its Skiing Area which is moderately sized. It ranges from the village at around 1100m to l'Aiguille Croche (Crooked Needle) at around 2500m. There are four sections of the ski area: the Tierces section, the Roselette section, the Montjoie section and the Hauteluce section.
The Tierces section faces south: it is the highest section of the resort and possesses the resort's hardest black runs, Grevettaz and Rebans. The Tierces section also has easier blue and red runs such as Coins (blue) and Tierces (red). From most places in the Tierces section one can, weather permitting, see a vivid panorama of Mont Blanc and its neighbouring peaks including Aiguille de Bionnassay and Domes de Miage.
The Roselette section is a north-facing area of ski runs which range from blue to black, the hardest run in this section being the black of Olympique. The Aiguille de Rosselette towers over the majority of the section giving it its name. There is off piste potential in the steep couloirs of the Aiguille de Rosselette.
The Hauteluce section is the name given to the section of runs on the other side of the Col du Joly in the Val Joly (rather than the Val Montjoie). The run difficulty is varied in this section.
In March 2021 he was appointed to be the commander of the Southern Command, and led the operation Guardian of the Walls right after his appointment.
Like most pumped-storage facilities, the power station uses two reservoirs, releasing and pumping as the demand rises and falls.  The upper reservoir is contained by the Yashio Dam, a rock-fill dam.  The lower reservoir is contained by the Sabigawa Dam, a concrete gravity dam.
The power station employs three 300 MW pumping/generation units. The first 2 units started operation on 24 June 1994 and the third unit was started on 16 June 1995.
Whess Harman is an artist and curator based in what is colonially known as Vancouver, British Columbia. They are perhaps most known for their beading and zine work, including their Potlach Punk series and their Together Apart Zine series.
Whess Harman is a trans/non-binary person from the Carrier Wit'at Nation (known under Canadian government as part of the Lake Babine Nation), born in what is known as Prince Rupert, BC. Currently, Harman resides on the unceded territories of the Musqueam, Squamish and Tsleil Waututh Nations. In 2014, Harman obtained a Bachelor of Fine Arts from Emily Carr University of Art and Design.
Whess Harman is a multidisciplinary artist whose work ranges in media. Their practice includes beading, illustration, design, text, and curation.  Since obtaining their BFA from Emily Carr University, Harman has participated in and curated a variety of exhibitions across Turtle Island and Norway, including:
In 2020, Harman designed a "Land Back" sewn patch, which they sold multiples of in order to raise money for organizations and legal funds that support Indigenous land defenders. The "Land Back" patch was also used in a collaboration with musical group A Tribe Called Red as the cover for a song with the same title. 
In January 2021, Harman was announced as the new Curator for grunt gallery, after having been involved with grunt as a curatorial assistant.  Through grunt gallery, and independently as well, they have curated a variety of projects, including Spark: Fireside Artist Talks, and, most recently, Human Nature - Last Supper for the Capture Photography Festival in collaboration with InTransit BC.
The electron pair arrangement of ammonia is tetrahedral: the two lone electrons are shown in yellow, the hydrogen atoms in white
The molecular geometry can be inferred from the electron pair arrangement, showing that ammonia has trigonal pyramidal geometry.
This article about an Indian religious building or structure is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Graham Daniels is the General Director of Christians in Sport and  Director of Football at Cambridge United Football Club.
Daniels played for Cardiff City whilst studying for a degree in Philosophy at Cardiff University. He left Wales and moved to Cambridge United and stayed in his adopted city when he made the move to neighbours Cambridge City.
He entered management as player-assistant to Richie Powling at Sudbury Town whilst completing theological training at the University of London, before moving to the number one role at Histon and then Cambridge City. He resigned from his position as Cambridge City manager on 2 January 1999 and immediately joined BBC Radio Cambridgeshire as a broadcaster.
From 2000-2012, Daniels was involved with the Cambridgeshire Football Association, firstly in coaching a number of its youth representative squads and latterly through involvement with local teams Hardwick F.C. and Cambridge University Press F.C. He returned to Cambridge United in May 2013 as a director and in September 2013 became a member of the Cambridgeshire F.A. Council. He was appointed Director of Football at Cambridge United in February 2018.
Daniels has been on the staff of the Round Church at St. Andrew the Great (StAG), Cambridge since October 2000 and General Director of Christians In Sport since April 2002.
The Base is a regional shopping centre located in Te Rapa, in the New Zealand city of Hamilton. The centre consists of the original outdoor strip mall, and the more recent Te Awa enclosed shopping mall.
In 2002 The Warehouse Group (TWG) was signed up as the anchor tenant of stage one of The Base. The first 16,000 square metres was to house one of their largest stores, and the first with the new store format that is in use today throughout the country. TWG later became part of a joint venture company with Tainui to operate the mall. In 2007, Tainui Group Holdings paid $37.4M to buy out The Warehouse Group's 50% stake in the joint venture company.
At the core of the site are three very important pou (carved poles). The first is symbolic, representing traditional guardianship of the site; the second acknowledges the recent presence of the Royal New Zealand Air Force; the third is a contemporary design that depicts the present day, and modernisation of the tribe.[citation needed]
The Base design was awarded a silver medal at the 2012 Asia Pacific Shopping Centre Awards in China.[citation needed]
The Base was formerly wholly owned by Tainui Group Holdings, the holding company for the assets of the Waikato-Tainui Iwi, and has been valued at over $250M. However, in 2016 NZX-listed Kiwi Property Group invested $192.5 million in acquiring a 50% stake. This investment values the property at $385 million.
Attitudes toward lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) people and their experiences in the Muslim world have been influenced by its religious, legal, social, political, and cultural history.
Some scholars (both Western and Islamic) argue that in the course of the Quranic Lot story, homosexuality in the modern sense is not addressed, but that the destruction of the "people of Lut" was a result of breaking the ancient hospitality law and sexual violence, in this case the attempted rape of men.
Only one passage in the Quran prescribes a strictly legal position. It is not restricted to homosexual behaviour, however, and deals more generally with zina (illicit sexual intercourse):
Some Quranic verses describing the paradise refer to "immortal boys" (56:17, 76:19) or "young men" (52:24) who serve wine to the blessed. Although the tafsir literature does not interpret this as a homoerotic allusion, the connection was made in other literary genres, mostly humorously. For example, the Abbasid-era poet Abu Nuwas wrote:
A beautiful lad came carrying the wine  With smooth hands and fingers dyed with henna  And with long hair of golden curls around his cheeks ...  I have a lad who is like the beautiful lads of paradise 
Jurists of the Hanafi school took up the question seriously, considering, but ultimately rejecting the suggestion that homosexual pleasures were, like wine, forbidden in this world but enjoyed in the afterlife.
The hadith (sayings and actions attributed to Muhammad) show that homosexual behaviour was not unknown in seventh-century Arabia. However, given that the Quran did not specify the punishment of homosexual practices, Islamic jurists increasingly turned to several "more explicit" hadiths in an attempt to find guidance on appropriate punishment.
From Abu Musa al-Ash'ari, the Prophet states that: "If a woman comes upon a woman, they are both adulteresses, if a man comes upon a man, then they are both adulterers."
While there are no reports relating to homosexuality in the best known and authentic hadith collections of Sahih al-Bukhari and Sahih Muslim, other canonical collections record a number of condemnations of the "act of the people of Lut" (male-to-male anal intercourse). For example, Abu 'Isa Muhammad ibn 'Isa at-Tirmidhi (compiling the Sunan al-Tirmidhi around 884) wrote that Muhammad had indeed prescribed the death penalty for both the active and passive partners:
Narrated by Abdullah ibn Abbas: "The Prophet said: 'If you find anyone doing as Lot's people did, kill the one who does it, and the one to whom it is done'."
Narrated Abdullah ibn Abbas: "If a man who is not married is seized committing sodomy he will be stoned to death."
It was narrated that Ibn Abbas said: "The Prophet said: '... cursed is the one who does the action of the people of Lot'."
Ahmad narrated from Ibn Abbas that the Prophet of Allah said: 'May Allah curse the one who does the action of the people of Lot, may Allah curse the one who does the action of the people of Lot', three times."
It was narrated that Jabir: "The Prophet said: 'There is nothing I fear for my followers more than the deed of the people of Lot.'"
In addition, there is a number of "purported (but mutually inconsistent) reports" (athar) of punishments of sodomy ordered by some of the early caliphs. Abu Bakr apparently recommended toppling a wall on the culprit, or else burning him alive, while Ali ibn Abi Talib is said to have ordered death by stoning for one sodomite and had another thrown head-first from the top of the highest building in the town; according to Ibn Abbas, the latter punishment must be followed by stoning.
There are, however, fewer hadith mentioning homosexual behaviour in women; but punishment (if any) for lesbianism was not clarified.
 Moreover, within Islam, there is a tradition of the elaboration and refinement of extended religious doctrines through scholarship. This doctrine contains a passage by the scholar and hadith collector An-Nawawi:
A mukhannath is the one ("male") who carries in his movements, in his appearance and in his language the characteristics of a woman. There are two types; the first is the one in whom these characteristics are innate, he did not put them on by himself, and therein is no guilt, no blame and no shame, as long as he does not perform any (illicit) act or exploit it for money (prostitution etc.). The second type acts like a woman out of immoral purposes and he is the sinner and blameworthy.
Narrated by Abdullah ibn Abbas: The Prophet cursed effeminate men; those men who are in the similitude (assume the manners of women) and those women who assume the manners of men, and he said, "Turn them out of your houses." The Prophet turned out such-and-such man, and 'Umar turned out such-and-such woman.
Early Islamic literature rarely comments upon the habits of the mukhannathun. It seems there may have been some variance in how "effeminate" they were, though there are indications that some adopted aspects of feminine dress or at least ornamentation. One hadith states that a Muslim mukhannath who had dyed his hands and feet with henna (traditionally a feminine activity) was banished from Medina, but not killed for his behavior.
A mukhannath who had dyed his hands and feet with henna was brought to the Prophet. He asked: What is the matter with this man? He was told: Apostle of Allah! he affects women's get-up. So he ordered regarding him and he was banished to an-Naqi'. The people said: Apostle of Allah! should we not kill him? He said: I have been prohibited from killing people who pray. AbuUsamah said: Naqi' is a region near Medina and not a Baqi.
Other hadiths also mention the punishment of banishment, both in connection with Umm Salama's servant and a man who worked as a musician. Muhammad described the musician as a mukhannath and threatened to banish him if he did not end his unacceptable career.
According to Everett K. Rowson, professor of Middle Eastern and Islamic Studies at New York University, none of the sources state that Muhammad banished more than two mukhannathun, and it is not clear to what extent the action was taken because of their breaking of gender rules in itself or because of the "perceived damage to social institutions from their activities as matchmakers and their corresponding access to women".
The paucity of concrete prescriptions to be derived from hadith and the contradictory nature of information about the actions of early authorities resulted in lack of agreement among classical jurists as to how homosexual activity should be treated. Classical Islamic jurists did not deal with homosexuality as a sexual orientation, since the latter concept is modern and has no match in traditional law, which dealt with it under the technical terms of liwat and zina.
Many Muslim scholars have followed a "don't ask, don't tell" policy in regards to homosexuality in Islam, by treating the subject with passivity.
Egyptian Islamist journalist Muhammad Jalal Kishk also found no punishment for homosexual acts prescribed in the Quran, regarding the hadith that mentioned it as poorly attested. He did not approve of such acts, but believed that Muslims who abstained from sodomy would be rewarded by sex with youthful boys in paradise.
In a 2012 book, Aisha Geissinger writes that there are "apparently irreconcilable Muslim standpoints on same-sex desires and acts," all of which claim "interpretative authenticity." One of these standpoints results from "queer-friendly" interpretations of the Lot story and the Quran. The Lot story is interpreted as condemning "rape and inhospitality rather than today's consensual same-sex relationships."
European travellers remarked on the taste that Shah Abbas of Iran (1588-1629) had for wine and festivities, but also for attractive pages and cup-bearers. A painting by Riza Abbasi with homo-erotic qualities shows the ruler enjoying such delights.
In mystic writings of the medieval era, such as Sufi texts, it is "unclear whether the beloved being addressed is a teenage boy or God." European chroniclers censured "the indulgent attitudes to gay sex in the Caliphs' courts." Mustafa Akyol writes that "The Ottoman sultans, arguably, were social liberals compared with the contemporary Islamists of Turkey, let alone the Arab World."
Same-sex sexual activity is illegal in Chad since 1 August 2017 under a new penal code. Before that, homosexuality between consenting adults had not been criminalized ever prior to this law.
In Egypt, openly gay men have been prosecuted under general public morality laws. (See Cairo 52.) "Sexual relations between consenting adult persons of the same sex in private are not prohibited as such. However, the Law on the Combating of Prostitution, and the law against debauchery have been used to imprison gay men in recent years." An Egyptian TV host was recently sentenced to a year in prison for interviewing a gay man in January 2019.
Islamic state has decreed capital punishment for gay people. They have executed more than two dozen men and women for suspected homosexual activity, including several thrown off the top of buildings in highly publicized executions.
In India, which has the third-largest Muslim population in the world, and where Muslims form a large minority, the largest Islamic seminary (Darul Uloom Deoband) has vehemently opposed recent government moves to abrogate and liberalize laws from the colonial era that banned homosexuality. As of September 2018, homosexuality is no longer a criminal act in India, and most of the religious groups withdrew their opposing claims against it in the Supreme Court.
In Iraq, homosexuality is allowed by the government, but terrorist groups often carry out illegal executions of gay people. Saddam Hussein was "unbothered by sexual mores." Ali Hili reports that "since the 2003 invasion more than 700 people have been killed because of their sexuality." He calls Iraq the "most dangerous place in the world for sexual minorities."
In Jordan, where homosexuality is legal, "gay hangouts have been raided or closed on bogus charges, such as serving alcohol illegally." Despite this legality, social attitudes towards homosexuality are still hostile and hateful.
In Bangladesh, homosexual acts are illegal and punishable according to section 377. Due to the traditional mentality of the predominantly conservative Bangladeshi society, negative attitudes towards those in the LGBT community are high. In 2009 and 2013, the Bangladeshi Parliament refused to overturn Section 377.[verification needed]
As the latest addition in the list of criminalizing Muslim counties, Brunei's has implemented penalty for homosexuals within Sharia Penal Code in stages since 2014. It prescribes death by stoning as punishment for sex between men, and sex between women is punishable by caning or imprisonment. The sultanate currently has a moratorium in effect on death penalty.
In Algeria, Bangladesh, Chad, Aceh, Malaysia, Maldives, Pakistan, Qatar, Somalia and Syria, it is illegal, and penalties may be imposed. In Kuwait, Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan, homosexual acts between males are illegal, but homosexual relations between females are legal.
The Ottoman Empire (predecessor of Turkey) decriminalized homosexuality in 1858. In Turkey, where 99.8% of the population is officially registered as Muslim, homosexuality has never been criminalized since the day it was founded in 1923. LGBT people also have the right to seek asylum in Turkey under the Geneva Convention since 1951.
Same-sex sexual intercourse is legal in Albania, Azerbaijan, Bahrain, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Burkina Faso, Djibouti, Guinea-Bissau, Iraq, Jordan, Kazakhstan, Kosovo, Kyrgyzstan, Mali, Niger, Tajikistan, Turkey, West Bank (State of Palestine),  Indonesia, and in Northern Cyprus. In Albania and Turkey, there have been discussions about legalizing same-sex marriage. Albania, Northern Cyprus, Bosnia and Herzegovina and Kosovo also protect LGBT people with anti-discrimination laws.
Same-sex relations between females are legal in Kuwait, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan, but homosexual acts between males are illegal.
In Lebanon, courts have ruled that the country's penal code must not be used to target homosexuals, but the law has yet to be changed by parliament.
In 2007 there was a gay party in the Moroccan town of al-Qasr al-Kabir. Rumours spread that this was a gay marriage and more than 600 people took to the streets, condemning the alleged event and protesting against leniency towards homosexuals. Several persons who attended the party were detained and eventually six Moroccan men were sentenced to between four and ten months in prison for "homosexuality".
In France there was an Islamic same-sex marriage on 18 February 2012. In Paris in November 2012 a room in a Buddhist prayer hall was used by gay Muslims and called a "gay-friendly mosque", and a French Islamic website is supporting religious same-sex marriage.
The first American Muslim in the United States Congress, Keith Ellison (D-MN) said in 2010 that all discrimination against LGBT people is wrong. He further expressed support for gay marriage stating:
I believe that the right to marry someone who you please is so fundamental it should not be subject to popular approval any more than we should vote on whether blacks should be allowed to sit in the front of the bus.
In 2014 eight men were jailed for three years by a Cairo court after the circulation of a video of them allegedly taking part in a private wedding ceremony between two men on a boat on the Nile.
Although it prohibits homosexuality, Iran is the only[citation needed] Muslim-majority country in the Persian Gulf region that allows transgender people to express themselves by recognizing their self-identified gender and subsidizing reassignment surgery. Despite this, those who do not commit to reassignment surgery are often seen as freaks, and due to their refusal to conform they are treated as outcasts.
In 2011, the UN Human Rights Council passed its first resolution recognizing LGBT rights, which was followed up with a report from the UN Human Rights Commission documenting violations of the rights of LGBT people. The two world maps of the percentage of Muslims per country and the countries that support LGBT rights at the UN give an impression of the attitude towards homosexuality on the part of many Muslim-majority governments.
The Muslim community as a whole, worldwide, has become polarized on the subject of homosexuality. Some Muslims say that "no good Muslim can be gay," and "traditional schools of Islamic law consider homosexuality a grave sin." At the opposite pole, "some Muslims . . . are welcoming what they see as an opening within their communities to address anti-gay attitudes." Especially, it is "young Muslims" who are "increasingly speaking out in support of gay rights".
According to the Albert Kennedy Trust, one in four young homeless people identify as LGBT due to their religious parents disowning them. The Trust suggests that the majority of individuals who are homeless due to religious out casting are either Christian or Muslim. Many young adults who come out to their parents are often forced out of the house to find refuge in a more accepting place. This leads many individual to be homeless or even attempt suicide.
In 2013, the Pew Research Center conducted a study on the global acceptance of homosexuality and found a widespread rejection of homosexuality in many nations that are predominantly Muslim. In some countries, views were becoming more conservative among younger people.
Since February 2017, over 100 male residents of the Chechen Republic (part of the Russian Federation) assumed to be gay or bisexual have been rounded up, detained and tortured by authorities on account of their sexual orientation. These crackdowns have been described as part of a systemic anti-LGBT "purge" in the region. The men are held and allegedly tortured in concentration camps.
In response, the Russian LGBT Network is attempting to assist those who are threatened to evacuate from Chechnya. Human rights groups and foreign governments have called upon Russia and Chechnya to put an end to the internments.
On 11 January 2019, it was reported that another 'gay purge' had begun in the country in December 2018, with several gay men and women being detained. The Russian LGBT Network believes that around 40 persons were detained and two killed.
The coming together of "human rights discourses and sexual orientation struggles" has resulted in an abundance of "social movements and organizations concerned with gender and sexual minority oppression and discrimination."
There are numbers of Muslim LGBT activists from different parts of the world. Some of them are listed below:
In 2010, an anthology Islam and Homosexuality was published. In the Forward, Parvez Sharma sounded a pessimistic note about the future: "In my lifetime I do not see Islam drafting a uniform edict that homosexuality is permissible." Following is material from two chapters dealing with the present:
Marhuq Fatima Khan in a chapter "Queer, American, and Muslim: Cultivating Identities and Communities of Affirmation," says that "Queer Muslims employ a few narratives to enable them to reconcile their religious and sexual identities." They "fall into three broad categories: (1) God Is Merciful; (2) That Is Just Who I Am; and (3) It's Not Just Islam."
Lactoferrin is one of the components of the immune system of the body; it has antimicrobial activity (bacteriocide, fungicide) and is part of the innate defense, mainly at mucoses. In particular, lactoferrin provides antibacterial activity to human infants. Lactoferrin  interacts with DNA and RNA, polysaccharides and heparin, and shows some of its biological functions in complexes with these ligands.
Lactoferrin is one of the transferrin proteins that transfer iron to the cells and control the level of free iron in the blood and external secretions. It is present in the milk of humans and other mammals, in the blood plasma and neutrophils and is one of the major proteins of virtually all exocrine secretions of mammals, such as saliva, bile, tears and pancreas. Concentration of lactoferrin in the milk varies from 7 g/L in the colostrum to 1 g/L in mature milk.
Lactoferrin belongs to the basic proteins, its isoelectric point is 8.7. It exists in two forms: iron-rich hololactoferrin and iron-free apolactoferrin. Their tertiary structures are different; apolactoferrin is characterized by "open" conformation of the N-lobe and the "closed" conformation of the C-lobe, and both lobes are closed in the hololactoferrin.
Each lactoferrin molecule can reversibly bind two ions of iron, zinc, copper or other metals. The binding sites are localized in each of the two protein globules. There, each ion is bonded with six ligands: four from the polypeptide chain (two tyrosine residues, one histidine residue and one aspartic acid residue) and two from carbonate or bicarbonate ions.
Lactoferrin belongs to the innate immune system. Apart from its main biological function, namely binding and transport of iron ions, lactoferrin also has antibacterial, antiviral, antiparasitic, catalytic, anti-cancer, and anti-allergic functions and properties.
The lactoferrin receptor plays an important role in the internalization of lactoferrin; it also facilitates absorption of iron ions by lactoferrin. It was shown that gene expression increases with age in the duodenum and decreases in the jejunum. The moonlighting glycolytic enzyme glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase (GAPDH) has been demonstrated to function as a receptor for lactoferrin.
One of the important properties of lactoferrin is its ability to bind with nucleic acids. The fraction of protein extracted from milk, contains 3.3% RNA, but, the protein preferably binds to double-stranded DNA rather than single-stranded DNA. The ability of lactoferrin to bind DNA is used for its isolation and purification using affinity chromatography with columns containing immobilized DNA-containing sorbents, such as agarose with the immobilized single-stranded DNA.
Lactoferrin's primary role is to sequester free iron, and in doing so remove essential substrate required for bacterial growth. Antibacterial action of lactoferrin  is also explained by the presence of specific receptors on the cell surface of microorganisms. Lactoferrin binds to lipopolysaccharide of bacterial walls, and the oxidized iron part of the lactoferrin oxidizes bacteria via formation of peroxides. This affects the membrane permeability and results in the cell breakdown (lysis).
Lactoferrin prevents the attachment of H. pylori in the stomach, which in turn, aids in reducing digestive system disorders. Bovine lactoferrin has more activity against H. pylori than human lactoferrin.
Lactoferrin in sufficient strength acts on a wide range of human and animal viruses based on DNA and RNA genomes, including the herpes simplex virus 1 and 2, cytomegalovirus, HIV, hepatitis C virus, hantaviruses, rotaviruses, poliovirus type 1, human respiratory syncytial virus, murine leukemia viruses and Mayaro virus. Activity against COVID-19 has been speculated but not proven.
Beside interacting with the cell membrane, lactoferrin also directly binds to viral particles, such as the hepatitis viruses. This mechanism is also confirmed by the antiviral activity of lactoferrin against rotaviruses, which act on different cell types.
The anticancer activity of bovine lactoferrin (bLF) has been demonstrated in experimental lung, bladder, tongue, colon, and liver carcinogeneses on rats, possibly by suppression of phase I enzymes, such as cytochrome P450 1A2 (CYP1A2). Also, in another experiment done on hamsters, bovine lactoferrin decreased the incidence of oral cancer by 50%. Currently, bLF is used as an ingredient in yogurt, chewing gums, infant formulas, and cosmetics.
Low quality evidence suggests that oral lactoferrin supplementation with or without the addition of a probiotic may decrease late onset of sepsis and necrotizing enterocolitis (stage II or III) in preterm infants with no adverse effects.
Lactotransferrin has been used in the synthesis of fluorescent gold quantum clusters, which has potential applications in nanotechnology.
1l5t: Crystal Structure of a Domain-Opened Mutant (R121D) of the Human Lactoferrin N-lobe Refined From a Merohedrally-Twinned Crystal Form.
1lcf: CRYSTAL STRUCTURE OF COPPER-AND OXALATE-SUBSTITUTED HUMAN LACTOFERRIN AT 2.0 ANGSTROMS RESOLUTION
1lfg: MOLECULAR REPLACEMENT SOLUTION OF THE STRUCTURE OF APOLACTOFERRIN, A PROTEIN DISPLAYING LARGE-SCALE CONFORMATIONAL CHANGE
1lfh: MOLECULAR REPLACEMENT SOLUTION OF THE STRUCTURE OF APOLACTOFERRIN, A PROTEIN DISPLAYING LARGE-SCALE CONFORMATIONAL CHANGE
1lfi: METAL SUBSTITUTION IN TRANSFERRINS: THE CRYSTAL STRUCTURE OF HUMAN COPPER-LACTOFERRIN AT 2.1 ANGSTROMS RESOLUTION
1lgb: INTERACTION OF A LEGUME LECTIN WITH THE N2 FRAGMENT OF HUMAN LACTOTRANSFERRIN OR WITH THE ISOLATED BIANTENNARY GLYCOPEPTIDE: ROLE OF THE FUCOSE MOIETY
Kevin Michael Byrne (born 1949) was Mayor of the City of Cairns in Queensland, Australia, from 1992 to 1995, and then from 2000 to 2008.
He was born in Lae, Papua New Guinea 1949. His family had first arrived in Papua New Guinea in 1906 when his grandfather was  appointed Chief Collector of Customs in Port Moresby. His primary education was on Manus Island, Papua New Guinea and he attended Nudgee College, Brisbane from 1963 until 1967.
Byrne graduated in 1969 from Officer Cadet School, Portsea, Victoria (OCS Portsea) with an Australian Army commission. He was awarded the Sword of Honour for Leadership in that year.[citation needed] His 17-year military career included Australian and overseas postings to Malaysia, Singapore, Papua New Guinea, Rhodesia and South Vietnam. His final military assignment was as a Senior Instructor at the Royal Military College, Duntroon, 1987.
Byrne served as the regional manager in the Office of Northern and Regional Development, Cairns, between 1987 and 1990. In 1990 he became the regional manager of the Queensland Confederation of Industry.
He served as the Administrative Director for an oil spill cleanup operation, funded by the World Bank and European Bank of Reconstruction and Development, in the Kolva Basin, in the Komi Republic, part of the Russian Federation.[when?] The Pechora River tributaries were remediated and 146,000 tonnes (161,000 short tons) of oil were recovered.[citation needed]
In December 1995, Byrne was appointed as the Chief Executive of the Papua New Guinea Tourism Promotion Authority. He was a member of the national negotiating team for bilateral air service agreements;[when?] the acting chairman of the National Airline Commission for two years;[when?] deputy chairman of Air Niugini for eighteen months;[when?] and a national delegate to the APEC Working Groups on Tourism and Trade.[when?]
In December 1999, Byrne returned to Cairns; and was re-elected as Mayor of Cairns on 25 March 2000 and again in March 2004. In 2008 he was defeated by Val Schier for the position of mayor of the Cairns Regional Council.
Byrne was the subject of media attention and controversy for involvement with property developers, attitudes towards racial issues, and his corrupt approach to government and the electorate. Some examples of the unproven allegations include:
An aborted attempt by the Byrne Council to secretly bus indigenous people from the Cairns region to the remote Lockhart River region.
Allegations (and subsequent referral to the Crime and Misconduct Commission) by a local ratepayers group that he contravened electoral and ethical policies by maintaining an undeclared involvement in other primary businesses during his mayoralty.
A self-acknowledged perception that he was 'in the developers pockets', ultimately attributed by him as the reason for his defeat in 2008. Three months later he accepted employment as a senior director with a Cairns property developer. Tragically, the managing director of the company was later murdered and the company went into receivership.
An investigation of Lady Mayoress Amanda Byrne for ethical misconduct under the terms of the Property Agents and Motor Dealers Act 2000 (PAMD Act). She was ultimately found guilty of charges by the office of fair trading and, in a move unprecedented in Queensland, she was banned for life from practising as an accommodation manager.
That advice from government environmental body Geoscience Australia that warned of a serious disaster risk in approving new development on the Cairns slopes and some low-lying areas was set-aside in favour of more favourable reports from the Council's own engineers.
In 2000 Byrne was awarded the Papua New Guinea Independence Medal (25th Anniversary) for services to Aviation and Tourism;[citation needed] and the Australian Centenary Medal for services to Local Government, in 2001.
Ellis Cashmore (10 February 1949 in Staffordshire, Great Britain) is a British sociologist and cultural critic. He is currently a visiting professor of sociology at Aston University. Before teaching at Aston, he used to teach culture, media and sport at Staffordshire University, starting in 1993. Before 1993, he taught sociology at the University of Tampa, Florida; and, before this, he was a lecturer in sociology at the University of Hong Kong. He is a regular contributor at Fair Observer. 
Taft-Hartley was introduced in the aftermath of a major strike wave in 1945 and 1946. Though it was enacted by the Republican-controlled 80th Congress, the law received significant support from congressional Democrats, many of whom joined with their Republican colleagues in voting to override Truman's veto. The act continued to generate opposition after Truman left office, but it remains in effect.
In 1945 and 1946, an unprecedented wave of major strikes affected the United States; by February 1946 nearly 2 million workers were engaged in strikes or other labor disputes. Organized labor had largely refrained from striking during World War II, but with the end of the war, labor leaders were eager to share in the gains from a postwar economic resurgence.
According to First Amendment scholar Floyd Abrams, the Act "was the first law barring unions and corporations from making independent expenditures in support of or [in] opposition to federal candidates".
The amendments expressly excluded supervisors from coverage under the act, and allowed employers to terminate supervisors engaging in union activities or those not supporting the employer's stance. The amendments maintained coverage under the act for professional employees, but provided for special procedures before they may be included in the same bargaining unit as non-professional employees.
The act provided for federal court jurisdiction to enforce collective bargaining agreements. Although Congress passed this section to empower federal courts to hold unions liable in damages for strikes violating a no-strike clause, this part of the act has instead served as the springboard for creation of a "federal common law" of collective bargaining agreements, which favored arbitration over litigation or strikes as the preferred means of resolving labor disputes.[citation needed]
Finally, the act imposed a number of procedural and substantive standards that unions and employers must meet before they may use employer funds to provide pensions and other employee benefit to unionized employees. Congress has since passed more extensive protections for workers and employee benefit plans as part of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act ("ERISA").
Organized labor groups[specify] nearly succeeded in pushing Congress to amend the law to increase the protections for strikers and targets of employer retaliation during the Carter and Clinton administrations in the 1970s and 1990. However, Republican opposition and lukewarm support for these changes from the Democratic Carter and Clinton administrations led to their failure.
Jane Greenwood (born 30 April 1934) is a British costume designer for the stage, television, film, opera, and dance. Born in Liverpool, England, she works both in England and the United States. She has been nominated for the Tony Award for costume design twenty-one times and won the award for her work on The Little Foxes.
Greenwood attended Liverpool Art School and the Central School of Arts and Crafts, and then started working at the Oxford Playhouse, in charge of the costume department.  She started working in the Ray Diffen costume shop in New York City in 1962. In New York, she met and married scenic designer and producer Ben Edwards.
Greenwood's work includes designing for over 100 productions, The Ballad of the Sad Cafe (1963), her first Broadway play, to Hamlet with Richard Burton (1964), 70, Girls, 70 (1971), Romantic Comedy (1979), I Hate Hamlet (1991), The Sisters Rosensweig (1993), and Stephen Sondheim's Passion (1994).
In England, she was nominated for the Olivier Award for her costume designs for She Loves Me (1995).
Her television work includes several Public Television plays for "The American Playhouse", made-for-television movies, such as In the Gloaming, HBO (1997) and the miniseries Kennedy (1983).
For opera, she has designed for the Metropolitan Opera House, such as Ariadne in 1987. For dance, she designed the original costumes for the Alvin Ailey dance Night Creature (1974).
She teaches at the Yale Drama School. Greenwood received the Theater Development Fund Irene Sharaff Award for Lifetime Achievement in 1998.
Greenwood has been awarded the 2014 Tony Award for Lifetime Achievement in the Theatre. The executive directors of the Broadway League and American Theater Wing said, in part "She has made a significant imprint on the history of Broadway with her artistry. Her work has not only elevated the craft of costume design but has inspired generations of designers to come."
Kim Kyong-hui was born in Pyongyang on 30 May 1946 to Kim Il-sung and Kim Jong-suk. Her mother died when she was four. After her father remarried, she was raised by various surrogates away from the family.
In 1988, she was promoted to WPK Central Committee member and director of the Light Industry Department. In 1990, she was elected deputy to the Supreme People's Assembly for the first time. Her role was particularly significant as she led the Economic Policy Inspection Department, then again the Light Industry Department during the "Arduous March" period after Kim Il-sung's death.
On 8 December 2013, her husband, Jang Sung-thaek, was publicly expelled from the ruling Workers' Party of Korea. Jang was accused of factionalism, corruption, and a range of misbehaviour that included affairs with other women. On 13 December, it was reported that he had been executed for treason.
In January 2020, Kim appeared in North Korean media for the first time in over six years, attending a lunar new year concert with Kim Jong-un.
Aramis Ayala (born February 2, 1975) is an American politician and prosecutor who was the state attorney for the Ninth Judicial Circuit Court of Florida. She was elected in November 2016, and served as the chief prosecutor from 2017 to 2021. In May 2019, Ayala stated that she would not seek re-election as state attorney.
Ayala was born in Saginaw, Michigan, and graduated from the University of Michigan with an undergraduate degree. She then obtained her Juris Doctor degree from the University of Detroit.
In May 2021, Ayala announced that she was running for Florida's 10th congressional district in 2022. Initially considering a run for the U.S. Senate, she decided to run for Congress after incumbent U.S. Representative Val Demings announced she would run for United States Senate in 2022 against incumbent Republican Marco Rubio.
The Asian Football Confederation's pre-Olympic tournament was contested by eighteen teams that competed for the two allocated spots for the 2012 Summer Olympics football tournament in London. However, Qatar withdrew before playing any match. The competition was originally scheduled for February 2010 but it eventually started in March 2011.
This biographical article relating to an American football quarterback is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
DoD's June 19, 1959, Continental Air Defense Program reduced the number of SCCs to 7 and on December 9, 1959, the USAF eliminated both the SCC for the Denver sector and the Albuquerque sector's above-ground AN/FSQ-32. On December 21, 1959, the Office of Defense Research and Engineering informed NORAD a stop order had been placed on AN/FSQ-32 production and in January 1960, the Office of the Secretary of Defense recommended the SCC program be canceled (cancellation was March 18, 1960.)
In 1350 it became the Welfs' residence in Brunswick. It was captured and destroyed in 1542 by the Schmalkaldic League and rebuilding only began in 1553 under Duke Henry the Younger, who created a new residence and converted the old tower into a castle chapel. In 1575 courtyards were added with Italianate arcades.
Pastorius suffered from drug addiction and mental health problems throughout his professional life, and despite his widespread acclaim, over the latter part of his life he had problems holding down jobs due to his unreliability.  In frequent financial trouble, he was often homeless throughout the mid-1980s.  He died in 1987, as a result of injuries sustained in a fight outside a South Florida after-hours nightclub.
After his death, his work continues to influence musicians. He was elected to the DownBeat Hall of Fame in 1988.  He was the subject of the 2014 documentary film Jaco.
John Francis Pastorius was born December 1, 1951, in Norristown, Pennsylvania, United States. He was the oldest of three boys born to Stephanie, his Finnish mother, and Jack Pastorius, a singer and jazz drummer who spent much of his time on the road. His family moved to Oakland Park near Fort Lauderdale when he was eight.
He played drums until he injured his wrist playing football when he was thirteen. The damage was severe enough to warrant corrective surgery and inhibited his ability to play the drums.
After bassist Alphonso Johnson left Weather Report, Zawinul asked Pastorius to join the band. Pastorius made his band debut on the album Black Market (Columbia, 1976), in which he shared the bass chair with Johnson. Pastorius was fully established as sole band bass player for the recording of Heavy Weather (Columbia, 1977), which contained the Grammy-nominated hit "Birdland".
During his time with Weather Report, Pastorius began abusing alcohol and illegal drugs, which exacerbated existing mental problems and led to erratic behavior. He left Weather Report in 1982 because of clashes with tour commitments for his other projects, plus a growing dissatisfaction with Zawinul's synthesized and orchestrated approach to the band's music.
In 1982, Pastorius toured with Word of Mouth as a 21-piece big band. While in Japan, to the alarm of his band members, he shaved his head, painted his face black, and threw his bass guitar into Hiroshima Bay. He was diagnosed with bipolar disorder in late 1982 after the tour.  Pastorius had shown signs of bipolar disorder before his diagnosis, but these signs were dismissed as eccentricities, character flaws, and by Pastorius himself as a normal part of his freewheeling personality.
Luc Havan faced a charge of second-degree murder. He pleaded guilty to manslaughter and was sentenced to twenty-two months in prison and five years' probation. After serving four months in prison, he was paroled for good behavior.
Pastorius played a number of Fender Jazz Basses over the years, but the most famous was a 1962 Jazz Bass that he called the Bass of Doom. When he was 21, Pastorius acquired the bass, which was modified by removing the frets. It is unclear when the frets were removed, as his recollections varied over the years. One story is that he used a common butter knife to remove the frets, and sealed the fretboard with epoxy resin.
Fender began offering a fretless version of their standard Jazz Bass in the mid-1980s, and in 1999 began offering the "Fender Jaco Pastorius Jazz Bass" in their Artist series, and Custom Shop series. These instruments were modelled on the Bass of Doom, with the Custom Shop version featuring a fretboard sealed with epoxy resin. In the 2000s Fender's budget brand Squier offered the "Squier Vintage Modified Fretless Jazz Bass" which was also reminiscent of Jaco's instrument.
Since the 1980s other companies have offered fretless basses similar to, or modelled on, the Bass of Doom, such as Tokai and Edwards.
Pastorius used the "Variamp" EQ (equalization) controls on his two Acoustic 360 amplifiers (made by the Acoustic Control Corporation) to boost the midrange frequencies, thus accentuating the natural growling tone of his fretless passive Fender Jazz Bass and roundwound string combination. He also controlled his tone color with a rackmount MXR digital delay unit that fed a second Acoustic amp rig.
Pastorius received two Grammy Award nominations in 1977 for his self-titled debut album: one for Best Jazz Performance by a Group and one for Best Jazz Performance by a Soloist ("Donna Lee").  In 1978, he received a Grammy nomination for Best Jazz Performance by a Soloist for his work on Weather Report's album Heavy Weather.
Bass Player magazine gave him second place on a list of the one hundred greatest bass players of all time, behind James Jamerson. After his death in 1987, he was voted, by readers of Down Beat magazine, to its Hall of Fame, joining bassists Jimmy Blanton, Ray Brown, Ron Carter, Charles Mingus, Charlie Haden, and Milt Hinton.
He has been called "arguably the most important and ground-breaking electric bassist in history" and "perhaps the most influential electric bassist today".
William C. Banfield, director of Africana Studies, Music and Society at Berklee College, described Pastorius as one of the few original American virtuosos who defined a musical movement, in addition to Jimi Hendrix, Louis Armstrong, Thelonious Monk, Charlie Christian, Bud Powell, Charlie Parker, Dizzy Gillespie, John Coltrane, Sarah Vaughan, Bill Evans, Charles Mingus, and Wes Montgomery.
This United Kingdom biographical article related to medicine is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Mucilaginibacter litoreus is a Gram-negative, facultatively aerobic, non-spore-forming and rod-shaped bacterium from the genus of Mucilaginibacter which has been isolated from marine sand from the western coast of Korea.
Celtic de Paris were a French rugby league team from the city of Paris. The club played most games at La Cipale, Saint-Ouen, and occasionally at the Parc des Princes.
Maurice Tardy was the president of the club in the 1950s, signing star players including Puig Aubert. The club ceased to exist in the 1970s.
This article about a rugby league football team or club is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Maria Rita Kehl, ORB (born December 10, 1951) is a Brazilian psychoanalyst, journalist, poet, essayist, cronista and literary critic. In 2010, she won the Jabuti Award in the Education, Psychology and Psychoanalysis category  and the Human Rights Award from the Brazilian government in the Media and Human Rights category.
In 2012, she was invited to participate in the National Truth Commission, which was installed on May 16 to investigate human rights violations which had occurred in Brazil between September 18, 1946 and October 5, 1988.
Head coach Bill Russell anticipated a roster overhaul during the offseason. After trading Dick Snyder on draft day to the Cleveland Cavaliers in exchange of the Cavs' first round selection, the SuperSonics selected center Tommy Burleson with the 3rd overall pick.
This incomplete list of art critics enumerates persons who had or have a significant part of their known creative output in the form of art criticism, which consists mostly of the written discussion and aesthetic evaluation of works of art.
According to one authority, art criticism, in a close approximation to the current sociocultural framework of the activity, started in the 18th century CE in Western Europe. However, many authors living before that time and outside that region of the world wrote on the subject of art and aesthetic experience, though using terms and concepts that may not have a direct translation into the lexicon of the Western tradition. These, when mentioned, will be included as well though pertinently noted.
Frank R. Fisher (born October 18, 1926) is a jazz trumpeter, music arranger, and composer. He is one of the oldest jazz musicians in the San Francisco Bay Area still performing.
Fisher is a jazz musician in the San Francisco Bay Area. He has been involved with music for over 70 years. He was a part of jazz in the Fillmore District, San Francisco, California in the 1940s and 1950s. He has been a member of the Junius Courtney Band since the 1960s.
In 1950, he began working for the CIA, leading attacks from Taiwan against the mainland of China. The book Raiders of the China Coast by Frank Holober describes these adventures. He later performed undercover counterintelligence work in East Germany and Turkey, up to 1959.
France awarded him the Legion of Honor in 2005. Hamilton died in 2006 in Annandale, VA, of pneumonia.
This biographical article related to World War II United States Army personnel is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
In 1973, she became the first member of the U.S. Congress to give birth while in office, and she was the first person to be granted maternity leave by the Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives.
She served on the Board of Directors of Amtrak, having been appointed to the position by President Barack Obama in 2012.
Yvonne Watson was born on October 5, 1932, in Los Angeles as only child to James A. Watson and the former Lola Moore.
After first attending a public school, she was sent to a model school for exceptional children. At Manual Arts High School she was a member of the debate team and served as vice president of the Latin Club her junior year and Girls' Vice President in her senior year.
Burke attended the University of California, Berkeley from c. 1949 to 1951 before receiving a bachelor's degree in political science from the University of California, Los Angeles in 1953. She subsequently earned a J.D. degree from the University of Southern California Law School in 1956. Burke is one of the first black women to be admitted to the University of Southern California Law School.
She served as Vice-Chairperson of the 1972 Democratic National Convention. She was the first African-American and the first woman of color to hold that position, and presided for about fourteen hours when the chair left the convention on its last day.
During her tenure in Congress, she served on the House Select Committee on Assassinations, House Beauty Shop Committee, and the House Committee on Appropriations; during her tenure on the Appropriations Committee, she fought for increased funding to aid local jurisdictions to comply with desegregation mandates 
In 1973, with the birth of her daughter Autumn, Burke became the first member of Congress to give birth while in office and the first to be granted maternity leave by the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives.
She did not seek re-election to Congress in 1978, but instead ran for Attorney General of California. She lost to the Republican George Deukmejian.
In 1992, Burke ran for the District 2 seat on the L.A. County Board of Supervisors. The primary election was held in June, 1992, just weeks after the 1992 Los Angeles Riots. After a hard-fought campaign that often turned negative, Burke narrowly defeated State Senator Diane Watson.
In 2007, she announced that she would retire when her term expired in 2008. On July 27, 2007, the Los Angeles Times published a front-page story revealing Burke was not living in the mostly low-income district she represented, but rather in the wealthy Brentwood neighborhood, an apparent violation of state law. Burke responded that she was living at her Brentwood mansion because the townhouse she listed in official political filings was being remodeled.
On March 29, 2012, she was nominated by President Barack Obama to serve on the Amtrak Board of Directors.
In 1957 she married Louis Brathwaite, divorcing in 1964. She married William A. Burke in Los Angeles on June 14, 1972, just days after she won a Congressional primary against Billy Mills, a Los Angeles City Council member who William Burke had worked for. Their daughter Autumn Burke was born on November 23, 1973.  Yvonne and Autumn are the first mother-and-daughter to both serve in the California Assembly.
In mathematical heat conduction, the Green's function number is used to uniquely categorize certain fundamental solutions of the heat equation to make existing solutions easier to identify, store, and retrieve.
Numbers have long been used to identify types of boundary conditions. The Green's function number system was proposed by Beck and Litkouhi in 1988 and has seen increasing use since then. The number system has been used to catalog a large collection of Green's functions and related solutions.
Although the examples given below are for the heat equation, this number system applies to any phenomena described by differential equations such as diffusion, acoustics, electromagnetics, fluid dynamics, etc.
The Green's function number specifies the coordinate system and the type of boundary conditions that a Green's function satisfies. The Green's function number has two parts, a letter designation followed by a number designation.  The letter(s) designate the coordinate system while the numbers designate the type of boundary conditions that are satisfied.
As an example, number X11 denotes the Green's function that satisfies the heat equation in the domain (0 < x < L) for boundary conditions of type 1 (Dirichlet) at both boundaries x = 0 and x = L.  Here X denotes the Cartesian coordinate and 11 denotes the type 1 boundary condition at both sides of the body. The boundary value problem for the X11 Green's function is given by
Here     k   {\displaystyle k}   is thermal conductivity (W/(m K)) and     h   {\displaystyle h}   is the heat transfer coefficient (W/(m2 K)). See    for this GF.
As an example in the spherical coordinate system, number RS02 denotes the Green's function for a solid sphere (0 < r < b ) with a type 2 (Neumann) boundary condition at r = b.  Here letters RS denote the radial-spherical coordinate system, number 0 denotes the zeroth boundary condition (boundedness) at r=0, and number 2 denotes the type 2 boundary at r = b.  The boundary value problem for the RS02 Green's function is given by
"Doing That Scrapyard Thing" is a song from  British group Cream's 1969 farewell album, Goodbye. Composed by the band's bassist, Jack Bruce, with lyrics by Pete Brown, the song, alongside Eric Clapton's "Badge" and Ginger Baker's "What a Bringdown," was one of Cream's final studio recordings.
According to Pete Brown, Jack Bruce approached him to write the lyrics of the song in a telephone call:
A funny thing happened with Goodbye. Dick Heckstall-Smith was living with me at the time as his marriage had just broken up. Jack [Bruce] was staying in Los Angeles and called me from there at 3 AM. He said, 'I want you to write the words to this song.' And he played me a theme over the phone, which I recorded on an terrible old Grundig tape recorder. I wrote the lyrics and then phoned him back. That song was 'Doing that Scrapyard Thing'.
Eric Clapton explained that the song, along with the other studio cuts from Goodbye, were recorded due to a lack of proper live material for the album:
"Doing That Scrapyard Thing" was released on Goodbye in February 1969. In some European countries, the song was used as the B-side of "Badge" instead of "What a Bringdown". AllMusic critic Stephen Thomas Erlewine praised the song as "an overstuffed near-masterpiece filled with wonderful, imaginative eccentricities."
Baxter and his team developed the concept of Zip-a-Dee River Run, which would incorporate scenes from Song of the South.  The name was later changed to Splash Mountain after then CEO Michael Eisner's mostly ignored suggestion that the attraction be used to help market the 1984 film Splash. The characters from America Sings were used in many scenes, though all of the main characters were specifically designed for Splash Mountain.
Dave Feiten was then brought in to animate and fix story and staging problems. Feiten moved nearly all of the animatronics to new locations, removing 10 animatronic figures from the ride completely, to improve the show.[citation needed]
Splash Mountain was originally planned to open in 1988, but this was delayed to 1989. The planned Grand Opening on July 17, 1989, could not be met. Early riders made up of company executives were getting soaked rather than lightly sprayed, and so the ride opening date had to be delayed again for months so that the boats could be re-designed to hold fewer passengers, to build them lighter and to re-design the bottom and bow to make them less likely to splash so much water aboard.
To celebrate the opening of Disneyland's version in 1989, a television special was made called Ernest Goes to Splash Mountain. Actor and comedian Jim Varney returned to play the title role of Ernest in the special.
In 1991, construction began for the Splash Mountain attraction at Walt Disney World's Magic Kingdom and Tokyo Disneyland. On July 17, 1992, soft openings began at the Magic Kingdom. The two versions of Splash Mountain officially opened within a day of each other in October 1992: the Tokyo Disneyland attraction opened on October 1, and the Magic Kingdom attraction opened on October 2.
In the late 1990s, the ride became synonymous with the phrase "Flash Mountain". Some female riders briefly expose their breasts during the descent, hoping to make illicit use of the in-ride photographs that Disney later sells to ride patrons.
In January 2011, Splash Mountain at Magic Kingdom received lap bars for safety reasons. Each row of two to three passengers shares one lap bar. Meanwhile, Tokyo Disneyland received individual lap bars, which makes the height restriction 5 inches shorter than the other two versions.
A version of the attraction was planned for Disneyland Paris, but was scrapped due to budget reasons and the colder weather in Europe.[citation needed]
During the 2018 season, the Magic Kingdom location received a new sponsorship by Ziploc. The company created custom plastic bags to protect belongings for guests who rode the attraction.
Guests enter the queue in front the main drop viewing area. The queue winds past the Critter Country sign into the main entrance where a number of machines with cogs and gears dominate. Various thoughts and sayings from Uncle Remus are featured on signs throughout the queue, which winds around a barn structure and reaches the loading area.
Before the logs enter the indoor portion, snoring is heard emanating from Br'er Bear's cave. The snoring is a tribute to the original entrance to Bear Country (the former name of Critter Country) where a bear named Rufus was heard snoring from a cave.
Before the return to the loading area, riders are given a preview of their picture that was taken on the final drop via an overhead screen. Professor Barnaby Owl, an overhead Audio-Animatronic, calls the riders' attention to the screen as he remarks on their expressions. After disembarking from the log, riders enter a "dark room," where they preview their on-ride photograph before exiting back out into Critter Country.
Without a Critter Country in Walt Disney World, Splash Mountain is instead located in Frontierland, across the way from Big Thunder Mountain Railroad. Construction of Splash Mountain necessitated the demolition of the existing railroad station and temporarily turning the railroad into a shuttle between Main Street, U.S.A. and Mickey's Toontown Fair.
Splash Mountain at Disneyland features music in a jazzy "big band" meets orchestral style, fitting the attraction's proximity to New Orleans Square.
In addition, several other songs from Song of the South are heard as instrumental tracks, playing on a loop near the attraction and in the queuing area. These include "That's What Uncle Remus Said", "Sooner or Later", "All I Want", "Who Wants to Live Like That", and "Let the Rain Pour Down." The loop only features songs from the film and lasts about 25 minutes.
Animators took over 80 hours to synchronize each figure. To re-wire and test each figure took an additional three months before the attraction could open, as programmers were tasked with reprogramming the figures from their previous America Sings performances with a decent level of realism in accordance with the new settings. Each character can carry out 45 seconds of movement and dialogue before a loop function restarts the sequence from the beginning.
Songs from the film heard as instrumental tracks in the queuing area include "That's What Uncle Remus Said", "Let the Rain Pour Down", "Sooner or Later", and the opening theme from the film. Traditional songs like "Old MacDonald Had a Farm" and "Goober Peas" are also played in a bluegrass style. The loop lasts about an hour, and includes different orchestrations of the three main songs heard in the ride as well.
After his tenure as U.S. Attorney General, he served as chairman of Nixon's 1972 presidential campaign. Due to multiple crimes he committed in the Watergate affair, Mitchell was sentenced to prison in 1977 and served 19 months. As Attorney General, he was noted for personifying the "law-and-order" positions of the Nixon Administration, amid several high-profile anti-war demonstrations.
Mitchell was born in Detroit, Michigan, to Margaret (McMahon) and Joseph C. Mitchell. He grew up in the New York City borough of Queens. He earned his law degree from Fordham University School of Law and was admitted to the New York bar in 1938. He served for three years as a naval officer (Lieutenant, Junior Grade) during World War II where he was a PT boat commander.
Except for his period of military service, Mitchell practiced law in New York City from 1938 until 1969 with the firm of Rose, Guthrie, Alexander and Mitchell and earned a reputation as a successful municipal bond lawyer.  Richard Nixon was a partner in the firm from 1963 to 1968.
Mitchell's second wife, Martha Beall Mitchell, became a controversial figure in her own right, gaining notoriety for her late-night phone calls to reporters in which she accused President Nixon of participating in the Watergate cover-up and alleged that Nixon and several of his aides were trying to make her husband the scapegoat for the whole affair.
John Mitchell met Richard Nixon, former vice president to Dwight D. Eisenhower, when Nixon moved to New York after losing the 1962 California gubernatorial election. Nixon then joined the municipal bond law firm where Mitchell worked, Mudge, Rose, Guthrie, Alexander & Ferndon, and the two men became friends. For the period during which Nixon was a senior partner, the firm was renamed to Nixon, Mudge, Rose, Guthrie, Alexander & Mitchell.
In 1968, with considerable trepidation, John Mitchell agreed to become Nixon's presidential campaign manager. During his successful 1968 campaign, Nixon turned over the details of the day-to-day operations to Mitchell.
After Nixon became president in January 1969, he appointed Mitchell as Attorney General of the United States while making an unprecedented direct appeal to FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover that the usual background investigation not be conducted. Mitchell remained in office from 1969 until he resigned in 1972 to manage President Nixon's reelection campaign.
Mitchell believed that the government's need for "law and order" justified restrictions on civil liberties. He advocated the use of wiretaps in national security cases without obtaining a court order (United States v. U.S. District Court) and the right of police to employ the preventive detention of criminal suspects. He brought conspiracy charges against critics of the Vietnam War, likening them to brown shirts of the Nazi era in Germany.
Mitchell expressed a reluctance to involve the Justice Department in some civil rights issues. "The Department of Justice is a law enforcement agency," he told reporters. "It is not the place to carry on a program aimed at curing the ills of society." However, he also told activists, "You will be better advised to watch what we do, not what we say."
John Mitchell's name was mentioned in a deposition concerning Robert L. Vesco, an international financier who was a fugitive from a federal indictment. Mitchell and Nixon Finance Committee Chairman Maurice H. Stans were indicted in May 1973 on federal charges of obstructing an investigation of Vesco after he made a $200,000 contribution to the Nixon campaign. In April 1974, both men were acquitted in a New York federal district court.
In 1972, when asked to comment about a forthcoming article that reported that he controlled a political slush fund used for gathering intelligence on the Democrats, he famously uttered an implied threat to reporter Carl Bernstein: "Katie Graham's gonna get her tit caught in a big fat wringer if that's published."
Tape recordings made by President Nixon and the testimony of others involved confirmed that Mitchell had participated in meetings to plan the break-in of the Democratic Party's national headquarters in the Watergate Office Building. In addition, he had met with the president on at least three occasions in an effort to cover up White House involvement after the burglars were discovered and arrested.
Around 5:00 pm on November 9, 1988, Mitchell collapsed from a heart attack on the sidewalk in front of 2812 N Street NW in the  Georgetown area of Washington, D.C., and died that evening at George Washington University Hospital. He was buried with full military honors at Arlington National Cemetery, based on his World War II Naval service and his cabinet post of Attorney General.
Thomas Michael Jeneary (born March 31, 1952) is an American politician in the state of Iowa. He was elected to the Iowa House of Representatives in 2018.
He was born in Des Moines, Iowa and is a retired dentist and funeral director. He is the Vice Chair of the Iowa Board of Dental Examiners.
In February 2014, Republican Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell was featured in a controversial television advertisement by Dwayne Stovall. Stovall belittled McConnell, Cornyn's superior in the Senate leadership, as an ineffective "Beltway turtle" who is out-of-touch with the party rank-and-file. Until the controversial advertisement, the media had largely ignored Stovall's candidacy.
Because Cornyn surpassed a majority in the primary, he faced no runoff election. Cornyn's winning percent and margin of victory were the lowest by any Texas Republican U.S. Senator in a primary election in state history.
Alcithoe benthicola is a species of very large deepwater sea snail, a marine prosobranch gastropod mollusc in the family Volutidae, the volutes.
He studied medicine in Berlin, obtaining his doctorate in 1870. Following service as a physician in the Franco-Prussian War, he began practicing medicine and soon found himself specializing in diseases of the ear, nose and larynx. In 1884 he became a privat-docent of otology, rhinology and laryngology at the University of Berlin, and in 1897 received the title of professor. Among his assistants at Berlin was fellow otorhinolaryngologist Jacob Katzenstein (1864-1921).
Dentimargo hesperia is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae, the margin snails.
This biographical article related to fencing in Australia is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Until the thirteenth century, documents referred to Mogrovejo as "Luarna", the name of an old family from which the saint Turibius of Mogrovejo descended.
Simon Odongo  is a Kenyan rugby union coach and former player. He was born and grew up in Nairobi. His position as a player was Flyhalf / Center / Wing / Fullback and he played for Mwamba RFC, and Homeboyz RFC. He has been the Homeboyz head coach twice now 2018-2019 replacing Paul Murunga and 2021, replacing Jason Hector.
Odongo played his club rugby at Mwamba RFC after graduating from High School, where he played from 2007 to 2009. He eventually moved to Homeboyz RFC in 2009, which was formed the same year, and helped them win several titles before retiring in 2014 due to a stubborn ACL injury.
Simon became the academy coach and assistant coach at Homeboyz Rugby Club in Nairobi, Kenya straight after retiring.  He was the assistant coach to Paul Murunga and worked together with The Late Benjamin Ayimba. In 2014 he helped establish a rugby team at Milimani Primary School where Homeboyz used to train. When Homeboyz shifted their base to Jamhuri Park, he continued coaching the academy and reserve team that was later promoted to the senior side. 
Simon joined the Kings Rugby Development Academy as the Head coach in 2016 where he coached different age groups and earned some of his coaching badges. He is currently serving as the Director of Rugby. 
After Paul Murunga got called up to the Kenya 7s team as an assistant coach for the 2015/16 HSBC sevens series and the Rio 2016 Summer Games, Odongo stepped in as the coach and under his guidance, Homeboyz went ahead and won the National 7's circuit in 2016. After working as the assistant coach of Homeboyz RFC for four years under, head coach Paul Murunga (2014-2018), Simon was appointed Homeboyz' head coach in 2018, when they won the Enterprise Cup Final and the overall National 7's Circuit.
In 2019, Simon coached the Homeboyz Rugby team in the Kenya Cup, where they failed to make the playoffs. He however led the reserve side to the Eric Shirley Shield Finals for the first time since the club was promoted.
South African, Jason Hector was then appointed head coach for the Homeboyz Rugby team for the 2019-2020 Kenya Rugby season with Simon slotting in as his assistant coach. However, the season was called off due to the COVID-19 pandemic and Jason left for his home country with Simon being appointed the Head Coach of Homeboyz Rugby in 2021.
"Finders Keepers" is the first episode of the twelfth season and the 211th overall episode of the animated comedy series Family Guy. It aired on Fox in the United States and Canada on September 29, 2013, and is written by Anthony Blasucci and Mike Desilets and directed by John Holmquist. In the episode, Peter is convinced that a placemat at a restaurant is a treasure map. The rumor of supposed treasure sparks a citywide search, turning the residents of Quahog against each other.
At home, the Griffins are pleased with what they have. They then receive a knock on the door, with Peter suspecting the "Hurry Up Shrimp" delivery.
The episode received a 2.6 rating and was watched by a total of 5.23 million people; this made it the second most watched show on Animation Domination that night, beating American Dad! and Bob's Burgers, but losing to The Simpsons with 6.37 million.
Long John was born 22 August 1993 as Learnmore Mwenyeyeka at Dangamvura Hospital in Mutare, Manicaland, Zimbabwe. He never met his father and does not know his name. His mother, Memory Mwanyenyeka, is a Kindergarten teacher in South Africa. He was raised by his grandparents, Partson Mwanyenyeka, a government pensioner and Lillian Mwanyenyeka in Chimanimani.
During the years 1999 to 2000, he  went to Chimanimani Primary School  between Grade 1 and 2. When his grandfather was retrenched from work, in 2000, they moved to Mutare where he continued his education at Sheni Primary School from Grade 3 up to the time he sat his ZIMSEC Grade 7 Certificate. In 2006, he joined Chimanimani High School, and in 2010, he sat his ZIMSEC General Certificate of Education Ordinary Level.
In 2014, he then went back to Bulawayo, where a new comedy club called Umahlekisa had been formed. He was helped by the founder, Ntando Van Moyo with stage time and honing skills to be a better comedian. He became affectionately known as "The Village Boy from Chimanimani" because of his village jokes. In October 2014, he began his first international  tour in South Africa at The Box Comedy Club hosted at Pop Art Theatre Johannesburg.
In December 2015 he performed his first  one man show titled The Longest Yard at Alliance Francaise Harare.
27 February 2016 was the first time he opened for Barry Hilton. In the same year, he was invited to perform at the African Comedy Festival at the Hippodrum Auditorium in Golders Green in the United Kingdom. While in the United Kingdom, he did a course with Laughing Horse to improve on his skills. On 22 June 2016, he hosted his second one man show titled The Village boy at the Reps Theatre in Harare, Zimbabwe.
On 27 April 2017, Long John performed in a three day comedy festival at the Swaziland International Comedy Festival, hosted by Chigubu. On 2 March 2018 he headlined the Major Moves Comedy  Nights in Botswana at Zambezi Towers. On 29 June, he performed in Uganda at the Kampala Comedy Festival, hosted by Okello Okello.  In July 2018, he performed in Rwanda at the Kigali International Comedy Festival along several Ugandans and Daliso Chaponda.
In March 2020 he won his second NAMA Award as Outstanding Comedian of the Year. In October 2020, Long John won the Best Stand up Comedy Award at the All The Laughs Comedy Awards hosted in Atlanta. He was then nominated in three categories; People's Choice Awards, Outstanding Achievement in Entertainment and Male Personality of the Year for in the 6th annual Zimbabwe Achievers Awards South Africa (ZAA SA) and he won as Male Personality of the Year during the award ceremony in December.
In 2021, Long John was part of the cast of the second season of Savanna Virtual Comedy Bar hosted by Comedy Central on DStv.
Bugry is located 44 km east of Ustyuzhna (the district's administrative centre) by road. Martynovo is the nearest rural locality.
Hant's Harbour is a small fishing village built around a small harbour which opens on the north to Trinity Bay. The harbour waters are able to accommodate vessels up to 100 tons, the landscapes which surround it are low hills which are rocky and barren.
Hant's Harbour early residents were mostly of the Church of England, during the eighteenth century they depended upon the services of clergy on the irregular visits of the missionaries for the Society of the Propagation of the Gospel, stationed at Trinity.
The rise and rapid growth of Methodism in Hant's Harbour caused the Church of England community to remain small, its members being served the clergy stationed at nearby parishes. In the early twentieth century the Salvation Army came to Hant's Harbour and gradually built up a substantial membership, and constructed a citadel there.
Relatively mild winters with considerable variation in snow cover. Heavy rainfalls from October through December. Summers cooled by low clouds and fogs near coasts, considerably brighter and warmer inland.
From the beginning, the economy of Hant's Harbour was based mainly on the fisheries, until the nineteenth century when it was the inshore cod fishery and the Labrador fishery during the latter half of the century. This was also an important source of seasonal income during the nineteenth and twentieth centuries.
Patnaik was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer. He had been undergoing treatment at a private hospital in Gurgaon. When his health was very critical, he shifted to a private hospital in New Delhi where he died at 7.59 am on 19 October 2018.
The design was originally a stockless short-barreled pistol version of an AR-15 receiver that Allan Zitta used in target shooting competitions. It later went into commercial production as the Master Blaster in 1996. Zitta later developed it into a full rifle with a folding stock, and conversion kits have also been offered for AR-15 rifles.
In 2008, the LR-300 was offered under the name Para Tactical Target Rifle (TTR) as a result of a joint collaboration between Para USA and ZM Weapons.
The direct gas impingement system used in the LR-300 is intended to solve the fouling problems of the traditional AR-15 direct gas impingement gas system. The forward mounted return spring also allows for fitting a folding stock, and the factory stock option folds to the left side. The rifle is also available with a fixed stock. Since its introduction, the exterior design has evolved and changed a couple of times.[citation needed]
To accommodate the unique forward buffer and gas impingement system, the proprietary upper is taller and thicker than a standard AR upper. The handguard rail has a removable top cover to access the recoil spring system for disassembly. The charging handle is proprietary, and has a beefier design to fit the op-rod.
Vidhyawati Vidyashankar  was an Indian politician from the state of the Madhya Pradesh. She represented Chhindwara Vidhan Sabha constituency of undivided Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly by winning General election of 1957.
This article about an Indian National Congress politician from Madhya Pradesh is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The government legislation that defines the R322, the Roads Act 1993 (Classification of Regional Roads) Order 2012 (Statutory Instrument 54 of 2012), provides the following official description:
Jeff Whiting (born March 27, 1972 in Denver, Colorado) is an American theater director, choreographer, performer and entrepreneur. He has been involved in theatrical productions, concerts, operas and special events around the world. Whiting is also known for developing "Stage Write," an app that allows creation, duplication and editing of floorplan charts to facilitate stage choreography.
Whiting began his performing career  after graduation. He made his first professional appearance in 1996 as Quasimodo in Disney's Hunchback of Notre Dame at Disney/MGM Studios in Orlando, Florida. In 1997, Whiting moved to New York City and performed in numerous regional theatrical productions.
In addition to his work on Broadway, Whiting has directed numerous concerts and events. His work includes a series of concerts at Carnegie Hall with James Taylor (starring James Taylor, Bette Midler, Sting, Steve Martin and Tony Bennett) and "A Tribute to Susan Stroman" (co-hosted by Matthew Broderick and Nathan Lane and produced by The Vineyard Theatre). Opera credits include We Open In Paris at Glimmerglass Opera.
Whiting directed and choreographed the World Premiere production of Chasing Rainbows: Road to Oz, highlighting the life of Judy Garland, at Flatrock Playhouse in 2015.
Whiting delivered a TEDTalk on February 7, 2016 titled "Rising Beyond Limits with Open Jar Thinking" at Queens University in Kingston, Ontario. He has also directed and choreographed numerous events and shows for The Walt Disney Company in the USA, Brazil, Mexico and India.
In 2003, Whiting founded The Open Jar Institute, which allows young actors to train one-on-one with Broadway professionals. The institute provides workshops and masterclasses with professionals for students from around the world.Playbill feature on StageWriteApple Website Feature: StageWrite App
Osmer Eduardo Morales (born October 30, 1992) is a Venezuelan professional baseball pitcher who is a free agent. He previously played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Los Angeles Angels.
Morales signed a minor league deal with the Seattle Mariners on May 1, 2010, beginning his professional career. Osmer played in the minor leagues with the Mariners through the 2016 season. He elected free agency on November 7, 2016.
On November 14, 2016, Morales signed a minor league deal with the Los Angeles Angels. Morales spent the 2017 season with the Mobile BayBears, Inland Empire 66ers, and Salt Lake Bees. Morales was invited to Spring Training for the 2018 season. He failed to make the majors and was reassigned to Salt Lake.  Morales was called up to the majors for the first time on August 13, 2018. He was designated for assignment by the Angels on September 3, 2018. He elected free agency on November 2.
On February 11, 2020, Morales signed with the Cleburne Railroaders of the American Association of Independent Professional Baseball. However, the team was not selected by the league to compete in the condensed 2020 season due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Morales was not chosen by another team in the dispersal draft, and therefore became a free agent.
This biographical article relating to a Venezuelan baseball pitcher is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Museo delle Arti Monastiche e delle tradizioni popolari (Museum of Monastic Arts and Popular Traditions, also known as the Museo Arti Monastiche or MAM) is a museum in Serra de' Conti, Ancona Province, Italy. The museum showcases various art and artifacts from the nearby Monastery of St. Mary Magdalene of Serra de 'Conti.
The Cesano Infantry Shooting Range was a temporary firing range set up by the Italian Army for the infantry off the Via Cassia. It hosted the 300 m free rifle shooting event for the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome.
When the head of the Chichester family was advanced in the Peerage of Ireland to being an earl in 1647, they took the title Earl of Donegall due to the family's ownership of this vast estate in Inishowen. The head of the family was further advanced in the Peerage of Ireland to being Marquess of Donegall in July 1791.
When The 2nd Marquess of Donegall settled in Belfast in 1802, what remained of the 'Plantation-era' Belfast Castle had long been a ruin, having been destroyed by a fire almost a century before, in April 1708. This 'Plantation' castle had almost certainly been built on the site of the original, medieval Belfast Castle. By 1802, this original castle site had partially been built upon with other buildings.
Lord Donegall sold off Donegall House in the centre of Belfast in the early 1820s, establishing his main residence at Ormeau House thereafter. Donegall House was converted into being The Royal Hotel in 1824. Ormeau House, where The 2nd Marquess of Donegall died in October 1844, was eventually demolished in the late 1860s.
The new, Victorian castle was built in the Scots Baronial architectural style and was designed by the Belfast firm of Lanyon, Lynn and Lanyon. However, there is some debate over who in the firm actually designed the new Belfast Castle. Although popularly attributed to Sir Charles Lanyon, some architectural historians believe that the castle was actually designed by either his business partner, and former apprentice, W.H. Lynn, or by Sir Charles's other business partner, his son John Lanyon.
In the years after it was given to the city, there was some debate about what Belfast Castle should be used for. The publicity manager at the time felt that the castle should either be re-purposed into a tea and dance room, or perhaps a museum and art gallery with refreshment rooms.
Since 1945, the castle has been a popular venue for weddings, afternoon teas, and other such events.
As with Belfast Castle itself, there is some debate over who actually designed the Chapel of the Resurrection. The designs for the chapel came out of the office of Lanyon, Lynn and Lanyon. Some architectural historians believe that the chapel, like the castle, was designed by either W.H. Lynn or John Lanyon.
Having been derelict for almost fifty years, the chapel was eventually converted into luxury flats, with work being completed in 2020. Now called The Chapel, the building is part of a new housing development called Donegall Park Gardens, just off Innisfayle Park.
Belfast Castle is located 400 feet (121.92 metres) above sea level on Cave Hill, overlooking Belfast in County Antrim in the east of Ulster.
Belfast Castle is open to the public daily with a visitor centre, antique shop, Millennium Herb Garden, restaurant, and a playground. Visitors can see a bedroom, set up in the style of the 1920s, so visitors can see a 'snapshot in time' of what the castle looked like at the end of its life as a private residence. The Cavehill Visitor Centre is located inside the castle.
While it is open to the public daily, reservations can be made for a private room to host weddings, business meetings, and parties.
As in the twentieth-century, many of the rooms have been turned into public tea rooms or are available to be reserved for private functions.
Another example of events held at the castle was the 2015 Belfast Castle Hospice Walk, held by the Northern Ireland Hospice to benefit local charities and those living with terminal illnesses.
Ismaila Cheick Coulibaly (born 25 December 2000) is a Malian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Beerschot on loan from EFL Championship club Sheffield United.
On 9 September 2020, Premier League club Sheffield United announced the signing of Coulibaly and immediately sent him to Belgian First Division A side Beerschot on a three-year loan deal.
This biographical article related to Malian association football is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
302 West 12th Street is a residential building facing west onto Abingdon Square Park in the Greenwich Village Historic District on the west side of lower Manhattan in New York City, United States.
It was built by the developer brothers Bing & Bing with the architectural firm of Boak & Paris.  Russell M. Boak and Hyman F. Paris left the architectural firm of Emery Roth to start their own practice in 1927.
It was part of a simultaneous development of five buildings in the area. Bing & Bing also worked with Boak and Paris on 45 Christopher Street.
Leo Bing, announced on April 1, 1929, that his firm had quietly acquired 75 small lots and old buildings largely around Abingdon Square, Sheridan Square and Jackson Square Park.  And the lots would be combined to allow for a set of larger-scale, 17-story apartment buildings.
This building was featured in the 2006 feature film Lucky Number Slevin together with its sister building 299 West 12th Street.
Rajni Kapur was born on 15 July 1929, in Peshawar, one of five children born to Indernath and Sampiyari Kapur. Following the Partition of India in 1947, the family moved to Delhi.
At the age of 17, Kapur was recruited by All India Radio (AIR) to sing songs in Punjabi and Pashto for a children's programme and read the news in Hindi.
Whilst working at AIR, she met Mahendra Kaul, a newsreader in Kashmiri and Urdu and a drama producer. The couple married in 1955.
The family moved to London in 1961 and both Rajni and Mahendra Kaul took up work for the BBC Hindi. They made London their home.
Rajni Kaul married broadcaster Mahendra Kaul on 2 May 1955. Their daughter Kalyani Kaul was born in December 1960 and went on to become a barrister, QC and circuit judge.
She and her husband were often invited to high profile events, meeting Queen Elizabeth II and often going to Number 10 Downing Street during the Thatcher era. Rajni was very tolerant and amused by Mahendra's flirting with the Prime Minister, Margaret Thatcher.
Kaul died peacefully in her sleep on Tuesday 31 August 2021, aged 92, at the Golden Estate in Faridabad near Delhi. Her death notice in The Times included the memorable line "Her unrivalled ability to interfere, manipulate and micromanage crossed continents and time zones...We love you always". She was cremated and asked for her ashes to be scattered in Rishikesh.
Gabriel Katopodis was born in 1967 in the uptown Buenos Aires neighborhood of Belgrano to a family of Greek background. He studied law at the University of Buenos Aires and became involved in political activism through his work in poor neighbourhoods of the Buenos Aires Province.
He counts with a postgraduate degree on public management from FLACSO and a master's degree on public administration from the University of Buenos Aires School of Economics.
Katopodis was re-elected for a second term in 2015, this time beating former mayor Ricardo Ivoskus.  Noteworthy achievements of his second term in the mayoralty include the inauguration of a municipality-run safe space for women fleeing gender-based violence in 2018, and the inauguration of the Metrobus North Line on Route 8 in 2019.
In 2020 he denounced that the previous administration had amassed a $ 35,000-million debt on public works, and up to 60% of all ongoing works were completely paralyzed. Katopodis stated that due to the accumulated debt, the ministry's priorities would be federal integration, job creation, and the completion of ongoing works.
The son of Sylvester Main, a singing school teacher, Hubert Platt Main was born in Ridgefield, Connecticut in 1839 and attended local singing school until 1854, when he went to New York City to work as an errand boy in a wallpaper business. Main later earned a D.D. degree.
Main also collected music books, and in 1906 sold his collection (over 3,500 volumes) to the Newberry Library in Chicago, Illinois, where they form the core of its Americana collection.
Main died in Newark, New Jersey on October 7, 1925, and was buried in Bloomfield Cemetery in Essex County. Several of his hymns continue to be republished today.
Because Music is an independent record label with headquarters in Paris and London. Because Music SAS is the main label, with Because Music Ltd handling the British artist roster.
Because Music was founded in 2005 by former president of Virgin Records France and EMI Continental Europe Emmanuel de Buretel, and has acts on its roster such as Mercury Music Prize nominated Metronomy and electronic duo Justice, along with actress and songwriter Charlotte Gainsbourg and husband-and-wife duo Amadou & Mariam.
It holds an exclusive license for all artists on Ed Banger Records and Phantasy. Because Music is the distributor for select Atlantic Records subsidiaries like Big Beat and 300 Entertainment.
In 2017, Because acquired the catalogues of over 60 artists from Warner Music Group, including Mano Negra, The Beta Band, and most of London Records.
In January 2018, Because signed a deal with Caroline Distribution (now Virgin Music Label & Artist Services) (a Universal Music division) for distribution of Because's releases starting in 2019. Before, the distribution was held by Warner Music's Alternative Distribution Alliance and Vice Records.
DePuy met Marjory Kennedy Walker of Salem, Virginia, a Far East specialist who served with both the Office of Strategic Services and the Central Intelligence Agency, and they were married in June 1951. A son, William E DePuy Jr. was born in July 1952, and daughters Joslin and Daphne in July 1953 and 1954, respectively.
DePuy is perhaps best remembered for his efforts while commander of the United States Army Training and Doctrine Command, where he helped create a new, innovative fighting doctrine for the army. His wide-ranging and sometimes controversial changes in combat development and the way the army trains sparked a debate that resulted in the widely accepted AirLand Battle Doctrine.
Unityville was originally called Stark, and under the latter name was laid out in 1907 by J. F. Stark, and named for him.
Miss Innocence is a 1918 American silent drama film directed by Harry Millarde and starring June Caprice. It was produced and released by the Fox Film Corporation.
After the ascent, Charles Barrington returned to Ireland and never visited the Alps again. He owned and trained a famous racehorse, "Sir Robert Peel", that won the first Irish Grand National in 1870.
Barrington organized the first Irish mountain race in 1870, offering a gold watch to the winner of this running event, which was held on the Sugar Loaf mountain in County Wicklow.
He died at his family home in Earlsfort Terrace in Dublin on 20 April 1901, and is buried in Mount Jerome Cemetery.
All rapid express trains pass Chidoribashi, Dempo, Fuku, Dekijima, and Daimotsu every day from March 20, 2012, and suburban semi-express trains run to Amagasaki instead.
The teams competed over three days with four fourball matches on both Friday and Saturday, four foursomes matches on Saturday afternoon, four greensomes matches on Sunday morning and ten singles on Sunday.
Mark James, who qualified by finishing 18th on the 1999 European Tour Order of Merit, turned down the chance to play for Team Great Britain and Ireland and was replaced by David Howell.
The greensomes were due to be played on Saturday afternoon but were delayed by rain and played on Sunday morning before the singles matches.
The Bank of Surrency, at 80 Hart St. in Surrency, Georgia, was built in 1911.  It is a small Early Commercial-style building and has also been known as Surrency Post Office.  It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
It was later used for sweet potato storage.  It was bought in 1999 by the City of Surrency with plans to develop it as a local museum and visitor's welcome center.
This article about a property in Georgia on the National Register of Historic Places is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Aliens: Zone of Silence is a 2017 American direct to video found footage science-fiction psychological horror film directed by Andy Fowler in his directorial debut, and written by Fowler along with Fidel Arizmendi.
After her brother vanishes from the Mexican desert, a young woman sets out to uncover the truth about his disappearance. When she discovers an extraterrestrial presence, she must risk her life to expose the desert's otherworldly secret.
In the United States and Canada, Aliens: Zone of Silence was released direct to video on October 24, 2017.
Hugo Daya (born 25 October 1963) is a Colombian former cyclist. He competed in the sprint event at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
This biographical article relating to Colombian cycling is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Jordi Turull i Negre (born 6 September 1966) is a Spanish politician associated with Together for Catalonia.  Since March 2018 he has been in pre-trial custody by order of the Supreme Court of Spain and accused of sedition and rebellion. On July 10, 2018 a Supreme Court judge suspended him as a deputy in the Catalan parliament.
In the 2019 general election, Turull was elected member of the Congress of Deputies for the Province of Barcelona, being sworn in on 20 May 2019, but on 24 May, by a recommendation of the Supreme Court, the Board of the Congress suspended him and other imprisoned Catalan leaders. He also resigned as member of the Catalan Parliament on 18 May 2019.
On October 27, 2017 after the Parliament of Catalonia proclaimed the Catalan Republic, the Spanish Senate approved the measures proposed by the Spanish executive pursuant to Article 155 of the Spanish Constitution of 1978, including the dismissal of the President of the Generalitat of Catalonia and the entire executive, including Jordi Turull.
On February 1, 2019, he was transferred back to a prison in Madrid, expecting trial that started February the 12th  and ended and was remitted to decision on 12 June 2019.
On 14 October 2019 he was sentenced to a 12 years of prison term and disqualification for the sedition and misuse of public funds crimes. He was freed in June 2021 following a government pardon.
Pilodeudorix infuscata is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in southern Nigeria, the Republic of the Congo, Uganda (from the western part of the country to Bwamba) and north-western Tanzania. The habitat consists of primary forests.
The town was developed around the largest iron mine in Tunisia. Despite a downward trend in production, it still produces 120,000 tons of good quality iron ore as of 2005, 60 percent of Tunisia's iron production. In 1960, 1.033 million tons were mined at Jerissa. The mine is operated by the Jebel Djerissa Company.
It is said that late on the 18th century, a wooden cross was found in a field, with the image of Jesus' body painted on it. Unable to move the cross, the local people decided to erect a hermitage there. The pagan celebrations include the visit of the sanctuary, a mass, and several musical and artistic events that last around 3 days. There is another celebration, called Fiesta Chica (Small Celebration) that takes place in September.
In 1983, a sanctuary was constructed in the place to hold the cross, where 31 murals were painted by Julio Carreras. In 2003, a new altar was constructed.
This article about a place in Santiago del Estero Province, Argentina is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article relating to a myth or legend from South America is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Perillus exaptus is a species of predatory stink bug in the family Pentatomidae. It is found in North America.
The Kinaidokolpitai next appear as one of the peoples subdued by the king of Aksum[g] according to the Adulis throne inscription, which dates from some time between the mid-2nd and early 3rd century. It is possibly contemporary with or even a little earlier than Ptolemy. There are two slightly different ways of translating this inscription:
I sent both a fleet and an army of infantry against the Arabitai and the Kinaidocolpitai who dwell across the Red Sea, and I brought their kings under my rule. I commanded them to pay tax on their land and to travel in peace by land and sea. I made war from Leuke Kome to the lands of the Sabaeans.
And I sent a fleet and land forces against the Arabitae and Cinaedocolpitae who dwelt on the other side of the Red Sea, and having reduced the sovereigns of both, I imposed on them a land tribute and charged them to make travelling safe both by sea and by land. I thus subdued the whole coast from Leuce Come to the country of the Sabaeans.
In the Collection of Chronologies, written in 235, presents the Kinaidokolpitai as colonists from Midian. The author has probably identified them with the Kenites of the Bible (Septuagint Kinaioi), an identification he may have found strengthened by the spellings in Josephus (Kenetidai and Keneaidai). Nevertheless, the lands of the Kinaidokolpitai may at some point have extended northwest into former Nabataean lands.
The earliest reference to the Kinaidokolpitai is an ostrakon found at Maximianon in Egypt and dated to 118 or perhaps closer 150. It records that two soldiers of the garrison, probably cavalrymen, were sent out on the 20th of the month Tobi "with a diploma (official missive) concerning the Chinedakolpitai".
The implication of the Adulis throne inscription is that in the middle of the 2nd century or early in the 3rd, the Kinaidokolpitai were raiding the incense route, both its sea-lanes and overland roads, that connected South Arabia and the Horn of Africa with the Roman Empire. The main Aksumite port of Adulis, where the throne inscription was found, was located on the incense route.
The Kinaidokolpitai are listed in Stephanus of Byzantium's Ethnika (5th century). All his information is derived from other written sources, such as Ptolemy and Marcian of Heracleia (who wrote at an unknown date). He gives the capital of the Kinaidokolpitai as Zadrame and quotes Marcian placing the Kinaidokolpitai alongside the Zadramites. His testimony cannot be taken as evidence for the continued existence of the Kinaidokolpitai in his time.
Green Lake County is a county located in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of the 2010 census, the population was 19,051. Its county seat is Green Lake. In 2010, the center of population of Wisconsin was located in Green Lake County, near the city of Markesan.
There were 7,703 households, out of which 29.40% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.50% were married couples living together, 6.90% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.90% were non-families. 27.00% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.80% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 2.96.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 24.20% under the age of 18, 6.60% from 18 to 24, 26.20% from 25 to 44, 24.20% from 45 to 64, and 18.80% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females there were 97.00 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.20 males.
In 2010, the largest religious groups by number of adherents were Catholic at 5,290 adherents, Wisconsin Synod Lutheran at 2,498 adherents, Missouri Synod Lutheran at 1,173 adherents, ELCA Lutheran at 964 adherents, and Amish at 812 adherents.
Paolo Cimini (born March 30, 1964) was a former Italian professional cyclist. He is most known for winning one stage in the 1987 Giro d'Italia.
This biographical article related to an Italian cycling person born in the 1960s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Memunatu Sulemana  (born 4 November 1977) is a Ghanaian women's international footballer who plays as a goalkeeper. She is a member of the Ghana women's national football team. She was part of the team at the 1999 FIFA Women's World Cup, 2003 FIFA Women's World Cup and 2007 FIFA Women's World Cup. On club level she plays for Post Ladies in Ghana. She previously played for Pelican Stars in Nigeria Women Premier League.
This biographical article related to women's association football in Ghana is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
"I Can Take You To The Sun" is a song that was composed and recorded by The Misunderstood at Philips Studio in London in 1966. The song is considered a psychedelic music classic.
The single was released to critical acclaim but the band was forced to break up shortly thereafter when lead vocalist/harmonica player Rick Brown was drafted into the Vietnam War.
In a release of early BBC Top Gear shows, host John Peel introduced the song with the comment, "This is to my mind the best popular record that's ever been recorded". Peel would later rank the song as his number 3 song for 1966 in his "Peelennium" (Greatest Songs of the 20th Century) list.
Record Collector magazine, in a July 1999 article wrote, "The Misunderstood were a band of immense talent (...) Without apologies, the Misunderstood single stands (...) as one of the most powerful and best psychedelic singles ever released." "I Can Take You to the Sun" is mentioned in Record Collector's book "100 Greatest Psychedelic Records".
Prolonged hot and dry weather, combined with an outbreak of mountain pine beetles and a large number of thunderstorms made the 2006 wildfire season of the most severe in Washington state history. The 2006 Pacific Northwest wildfire season began in late June, when an extended thunderstorm followed a three-day heat wave. Between June 27 and July 10, lightning strikes occurred almost daily.
Stephen Paul Stoutt (born 6 April 1964) is an English former professional footballer who made 149 appearances in the Football League playing as a defender for Huddersfield Town, Wolverhampton Wanderers, Grimsby Town and Lincoln City. He went on to play non-league football for Boston United and Grantham Town, where he was briefly caretaker manager.
This biographical article related to association football in England, about a defender born in the 1960s, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Michele S. Swanson is an American biologist who is a Professor of Microbiology at the University of Michigan. She has investigated the water-borne pathogen Legionella pneumophila. Swanson is interested in the metabolic cues that underpin the virulence of L. pneumophila and how it is transmitted to humans. She served as President of the American Society for Microbiology in 2018.
L. pneumophila can cause sporadic outbreaks of Legionnaires' disease. This was responsible for the Flint water crisis that started in 2014. Swanson has studied the mechanisms that permit L. pneumophila to persist in water, looking to create a microbiology based system to assess the safety of public water systems.
Swanson serves as the Director of Postgraduate Studies and President's Advisory Commission on Women's Issues at the University of Michigan. She was elected President of the American Society for Microbiology in 2018 and hosts the ASM podcast This Week in Microbiology. She was elected Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science in 2019.
In November 2016, the gang drugged and kidnapped Griselda Mojarro, driving her in her own car to an isolated area. There, she was hit on the head with a hammer and stabbed 18 times in the torso and neck. Like the previous victim, the cause of death was ruled to be from hypovolemic shock.
Substitutes:Siobhan Woods for Owens (44)Muireann Ni Scanaill for Caffrey (44)Sorcha Furlong for Lamb (50)O. Leonard for McEvoy (52)Lucy Collins for Murphy (53)
Tim Maculan (born April 20, 1963) is an American film and television actor known for his recurring roles on Six Feet Under and Cybill.
Maculan was born in Rockford, Illinois. He started acting in high school productions as well as in local community and professional theaters. He worked at the Falmouth Playhouse with Van Johnson and William Shatner. Maculan studied at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago and the Theatre School at DePaul University. He later left Chicago for New York City, where he began his professional acting career working in summer stock and regional theatre across the United States.
Some of Maculan's film work includes Spider-Man 3 (by director Sam Raimi), Inside Out (with Steven Weber), Matchstick Men (by director Ridley Scott), Duplex (with Ben Stiller and Drew Barrymore).
This article about an American television actor born in the 1960s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Silver is the self-titled debut studio album by American country rock band Silver, it was released in May 1976 through Arista Records.
Rob Caldwell of AllMusic wrote, "Wham Bam, a fairly weak slice of bubblegum pop, was the hit from the album. Given to the band by Arista because the company didn't hear a single among the other tracks."
All The Fat Children (ATFC) is a Bengaluru-based alternative rock band that was formed in June 2008.
ATFC has its roots as a college band from Christ University. The three members met up at university while studying and decided to form the band. The name origin came from Eben Johnson, who said "When we started off, sometime in 2008, we all were chubby kids. Most of our material came from the fact that we were overweight." The band had performed in Bangalore with Motherjane and Pentagram. They have performed more than 200 shows so far with 30 original compositions to their credit.
ATFC released their first single called "I Can Fly", which was also released as a video produced by Qyuki, an initiative by A.R. Rehman and Shekhar Kapur.
A second single "Somebody Else" was released in 2015, also released as a self-produced video. The video also received air time on TV channels such as VH1 and Pepsi MTV Indies. The video was shot in a warehouse, which was painted and the process took less than twenty four hours. "Somebody Else" was selected by Rolling Stone India as one of its 10 Best Indian Singles of 2015. Sennheiser listed ATFC in the top twenty bands in India for 2016 and 2017.
WLEY (1080 AM, "Radio Ley") is a radio station licensed to serve Cayey, Puerto Rico.  The station was founded on September 8, 1964 and it is owned by Media Power Group, Inc. WLEY is part of the Radio Isla Network. It airs a Spanish language News Talk Information format.
In July 1999, Uno Radio of Ponce Inc., Caguas, P.R. (Jesus M. Soto, chairman) reached an agreement to purchase five radio stations in Puerto Rico from Ponce Broadcasting Corp. (Janero G. Scarano Sr., Julio C. Braum, Luis F. Sala, Catalina Scarano and Sala Business Corp., shareholders) for a reported sale price of $10.75 million.
In June 2003, Media Power Group Inc. (Eduardo Rivero Albino, chairman, Gilberto Rivera Gutierrez, Jose E. Fernandez and Joe Pagan, shareholders) reached an agreement to purchase four AM radio stations in Puerto Rico, including WLEY, from Uno Radio Group. (Jesus M. Soto, owner) for a reported $6.8 million.
Byrne made his first appearance for the team during the 1927 championship and became a regular player over the next decade. During that time he won three All-Ireland medals, seven Leinster medals and one National Hurling League medal.
Byrne enjoyed a two-decade long career with Dicksboro, winning two county championship medals.[citation needed]
Unlike his Edinburgh equivalent, Dr Robert Knox, Moir was said to have actively undertaken body-snatching himself. This is highly unlikely, but the strange stories that surround Moir extend into the 21st century due to illogical thinking and bad reporting.
He studied Medicine at King's College graduating MA in 1826. He then went to London, where he became a member of the Royal College of Surgeons in 1828. He then returned to Aberdeen and opened a new anatomy room with some other surgeons.
Following the exposure of the Burke and Hare murders in Edinburgh in 1828, anatomists came under scrutiny, and the anatomy rooms were nicknamed "Burkin' Houses" by the public, relating to the newly created verb "to burke". The actions initially resulted in the Offences Against the Person Act 1828.
The Anatomy Act 1832 regulrised the whole situation, allowing parish councils to give the bodies of paupers for dissection, immediately stemming the demand for body-snatching.
In 1843 his lecture rooms are listed as Kingsland Place and Flourmill Lane, and he lived at 63 Guestrow.
He died of typhoid in February 1844, aged only 38, and is buried in the church of the Kirk of St Nicholas. His grave is an old-fashioned table stone on the east side of the path near the north entrance to the churchyard.
Nam played in the Reading's Youth Academy through KFA Youth Project. In July 2009, his first professional contract signed in France with Valenciennes FC. He played his debut on 8 August 2009 against AS Nancy and is currently the youngest Asian player to play in the Ligue 1 at age 18.
Nam made his debut on 1 January 2012 against Al Kharitiyath. He scored his first league goal from a free kick on 19 January 2012.
He made his AFC Champions League debut on 7 March 2012, scoring the only goal against Saudi Al Ahli, thereby scoring the first ever goal for Lekhwiya in any regional competition.
Nam has represented South Korea at U-13, U-15 and U-17, U-20 and U-23 levels. He made his debut for the Korean senior team on 9 February 2011 in a friendly against Turkey.
Nam represented South Korea at the 2012 Summer Olympics. He appeared as a substitute as Korea beat Japan in the bronze medal match at Cardiff's Millennium Stadium.
Nam is hailed as the 'Korean Messi' by Valenciennes fans and has also been touted as a 'magician' and 'wonderkid'. He was Most Valuable Player three times in his youth career in the National Championships in South Korea. Nam became the youngest Korean footballer to play in a professional league in Europe as a result of this game. He is known for his very energetic playing style.
The highway crosses over the new highway portion of U.S. Route 44 in Kingston, but there is no interchange; however, Commerce Way in Plymouth provides access between the two highways. Route 80 ends at Route 3A in Kingston along the Jones River between Routes 3 and 106.
The state highway portion of the road is also concurrent with the Claire Saltonstall Bikeway which runs for 135 miles between Boston and Cape Cod. 
Sacred Heart High School and Camp Mishannock, a summer camp for girls along Lake Providence, are on the Kingston portion of this highway.
Hypercompe leucarctioides is a moth of the family Erebidae first described by Augustus Radcliffe Grote and Coleman Townsend Robinson in 1867. It is found in Mexico and Guatemala.
Retiring in July 1954, Admiral Joy subsequently made his home in La Jolla, California. He died at the U.S. Naval Hospital in San Diego, California on 6 June 1956. He is interred at the United States Naval Academy Cemetery.
Beginning with the 2007, the show cutback its onsite presence by having its main anchor team at ESPN studio's in Bristol, but still kept a set at the actual game site.
The Bristol team was Berman, Jackson, Mortensen, Mike Ditka, Keyshawn Johnson, and Cris Carter. The on-site team is Scott, Young, and Emmitt Smith.
The Bristol team was Berman, Jackson, Mortensen, Ditka, Johnson, and Carter. The on-site team was Scott, Young, and Matt Millen (later Trent Dilfer) in the third spot.
Suzy Kolber, who substituted for the then-ailing Stuart Scott during most of the 2014 season, took over Scott's role permanently as an on-site host.  She was previously a sideline reporter for Monday Night Football from 2006-2010.  Additionally, Monday Night Countdown debuted a new logo resembling its other NFL-themed studio-show properties, along with a new graphics package that is also used for MNF.
Monday Night Countdown, along with most of ESPN's NFL-themed studio shows, moved to the network's South Street Seaport studios in New York City for the 2020 season.  With the exception of Louis Riddick, who switched roles with Booger McFarland & moved to the Monday Night Football broadcast booth (the latter of whom took over Riddick's previous role of studio analyst), the lineup remained the same from the previous season.
After being at the network's New York City facilities due to the COVID-19 pandemic the previous year, Monday Night Countdown returned to the game site for the first time in two seasons.  Kolber, McFarland, Moss and Young all returned from the previous season. The show originated from New York instead of Baltimore October 11. Young didn't do the show October 18; Alex Smith did the show for the first time.
Kula also refers to miners in the Chanthaburi and Pailin, Cambodia regions who are believed to be of Burmese descent. At the end of the 19th century, it was discovered that the Mon had also immigrated to the area, further muddying the definition. Cambodians sometimes refer to themselves as "the jungle people," as the jungle in the region originally stretched from Dawei to Mawlamyine.
The Kula style of dress is similar to that of people in Pailin, including the traditional umbrella. Kula used to be referred to as "Burmese Cambodian" or "Khmer Shan" but are no longer called either of those.
The Kula language is an amalgamation of words from Shan and Dai, both of which were native Shan peoples. Kula has adapted to include words from other peoples in Northern Thailand and Lan Na like the Northern Thai language, especially those languages spoken in the border communities between Burma and Thailand.
Other Kula who live between Pailin and Stung Treng speak Shan language rather than the Kula mixed tongue. Among them, the Lao language has become the language of business, especially to those living on the border with Laos. However, after the Khmer Rouge, the Kula language has been almost lost, with the language becoming highly Thai-influenced.
Kula merchants traded in Isan and along the banks of the Mekong. Their presence in Isan is recorded as early as the reign of King Rama IV. The first written record of Kula in the region comes from a dispute between a Kula merchant over the purchase of 577 cattle from the governors of Roi Et, Suwannaphum, and Khon Kaen, who refused to hand over the cattle. The Kula were protected at that time by Britain, therefore Bangkok acted as mediator and returned the 2764 baht owed.
Kula would sometimes settle in a community once they married, while others returned to Cambodia once the trading era was over. Many Kula traditions and customs have disappeared over the generations through assimilation with local Thai and Lao communities.
 During the 19th century, many Kula immigrated to Pailin, Cambodia. According to R. Blandat, a group of Shan from Chanthaburi found a precious stone that they mined. They told the Kula, who, as traders, made money from the venture. Rumours of the gem attracted Chinese, Laos and Vietnamese to the area. The wealthier Kula in Bangkok and the Shan royalty also immigrated to Cambodia, due to economic reasons.
The Kula who lived in Pailin worked in the mines and also in the new business of heating. During the French Indochina period, a French gem merchant conducted experiments with the Pailin stones, which showed their efficacy in heat retention. The local French maintained a good relationship with the Kula, and as such many Kula travelled to France to study, returning to Cambodia afterwards.
During that time, Pailin's economy grew and the livelihood of the Kula people grew with it. In the 1960s, Pailin became a tourist destination, jolting the Kula people into the modern-day, forcing their culture to change. For example, Kula traditionally kept their hair long and braided, and the men wore sarongs but with increased knowledge of the outside world, many Kula cut their hair cut and started wearing trousers.
The Khmer Rouge rule struck the Kula people hard. Pailin became a Khmer Rouge stronghold for 30 years, while the Kula people were forced to become soldiers on the border of Lao. Some fled to Thailand while the rest were put to hard labour in the mines. This era is known as the time when the Kula culture was lost.
The majority of travelling merchants were male and dressed differently from the locals. Most of their attire was described as similar to the clothing of Burma, Mon, Dai or Shan while some dressed like Karieng. Kula pants are mostly made from cotton and dyed in dark colours. Pants were wide-legged and ankle or knee-length, much like Chinese shorts, and were fastened with drawstrings. Men would also wear sarongs, checkered and in dark colours.
Saint-Maurin, the only village in France of that name, is named after the saint to whom the village's 11th-century abbey is dedicated. The abbey, parts of which still stand beside the village square, was built by Benedictine monks. Reliefs cut into the stone of an archway portray Maurin having the top of his head cut off and his brain spooned out.
The abbey was destroyed by the Albigeois war, then rebuilt. It was again ravaged in the 14th century, this time by troops on the English side in the Hundred Years War. It was again rebuilt in the 15th century but was then attacked once more by Huguenots.
The abbey passed into the ownership of the village in 1645 and was never rebuilt. Many of the walls were demolished as a source of building stone but much of the main arch still stands. The monks' garden exists and so do the stables, now houses. The abbey is now a Monument de France and is being restored.
Beneath and beside the town hall is a museum of artefacts from the village's agricultural past. The village has a school, sports ground, swimming pool and small businesses.
Overland Stagecoach is a 1942 American Western film directed by Sam Newfield and written by Fred Myton. The film stars Robert Livingston as the Lone Rider, Al St. John as his sidekick "Fuzzy" Jones, and Dennis Moore as Sheriff Smoky Moore, with Julie Duncan, Glenn Strange and Ted Adams. The film was released on October 11, 1942, by Producers Releasing Corporation.
This is the twelfth movie in the "Lone Rider" series, and the first starring Robert Livingston. The first eleven movies star George Houston.
This was the last film in the series to feature Dennis Moore as Sheriff Smoky Moore; he co-starred in six of the Lone Rider films, beginning with 1942's The Lone Rider and the Bandit.
"Fuzzy" Jones gets a job as a driver for the Pioneer Stagecoach Company, and he learns that the stagecoach company's owners, Jeff Clark and Harland Kent, are opposing the construction of a new railroad line through the area. Jeff Clark is killed in a gunfight with some outlaws. Before he dies, he tells "Fuzzy" to send for his daughter, Susan, who is also a partner in the stage line. Little does anyone know that Kent was actually behind Jeff's murder.
This biographical article related to a Spanish cycling person born in the 1970s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The important celebrations on this day take place at Ayodhya (Uttar Pradesh), Bhadrachalam (Andhra Pradesh), Vayoor and Ramapada Temple, Rameswaram (Tamil Nadu), thronged by thousands of devotees. Rathayatras, the chariot processions, also known as Shobha yatras of Rama, Sita, Lakshmana and Hanuman, are taken out at several places.
There are various ways to reach the temple, most visitors approach the temple as they reach mahabir chowk. Rambhadra and Helabazar, Hajipur is located near the temple.
Pseudocaecilius is a genus of false lizard barklice in the family Pseudocaeciliidae. There are more than 50 described species in Pseudocaecilius.
Howard began her professional career as a singer-songwriter in 1997, writing for Patty Loveless, John Michael Montgomery, Jessica Andrews, Lila McCann and others. After signing to Rising Tide Records Nashville, she earned the first of two Grammy Awards with her cover of the hymn "Softly and Tenderly" for the soundtrack of the film The Apostle before the label closed in March 1998. Later, she signed with Decca Records.
Her self-titled debut album was released by MCA Nashville in 2000 and included the singles "When My Dreams Come True," "Out Here in the Water" and "I Don't Paint Myself into Corners," all of which charted on the Billboard country singles charts.
In 2001, accompanied on the piano by Jim Brickman, Howard sang "Simple Things," the lead single from his album of the same name. The song peaked at No. 1 on Billboard's Adult Contemporary Chart.
Howard performed "Forgive" on the NBC primetime television drama series Providence. The song featured prominently in the Season Five episode "The Sound of Music," with Howard credited as herself.
Howard has been nominated twice for the Academy of Country Music Awards and is a two-time recipient of the International Bluegrass Music Awards (for "If I Could Only Win Your Love" and "Love Please Stay" on Larry Sparks's album 40.)
In 2017, Howard announced the debut of her new company, the Second Say, which features Rebecca Lynn Howard as a motivational speaker for corporate and trade association meetings. Her company also provides leadership workshops and musical performances. "I'm here to connect with people," Howard said. "When I'm singing, I'm speaking to people. I feel like this venture is an extension of who I am." Additionally, she serves as a creativity consultant for business leaders.
In 2017, Loving Mary joined Gretchen Wilson on a multi-city tour in support of her album Ready to Get Rowdy.
However, the Police Service of Northern Ireland (formerly the Royal Ulster Constabulary), Northern Ireland Security Guard Service, Ministry of Defence Police, Civil Nuclear Constabulary, Belfast Harbour Police, Belfast International Airport Constabulary, and some of the Specialist Operations units of the Metropolitan Police involved in firearms and counter-terrorism policing are all issued firearms as a matter of routine. Every force also has a firearms unit, with armed response vehicles.
The vast majority of officers are instead issued with other items for personal defence, such as speedcuffs, extendable "ASP" batons, and incapacitant sprays such as PAVA or CS spray. While not firearms, incapacitant sprays are subject to some of the same rules and regulations as a projectile firing firearm under Section 5 (b) of the Firearms Act 1968.
Since 2004, police forces have issued Tasers to Authorised Firearms Officers for use against armed assailants which are considered by the authorities to be a less-lethal alternative to conventional firearms.
The Irish Constabulary (later known as the Royal Irish Constabulary), the police force in Ireland from 1822 until 1922, when the country was part of the United Kingdom, was a paramilitary force. Its members were armed with carbines and sword bayonets.
Northern Ireland also has a ballistics register, which covers both police and civilian-held firearms. It is mandated that during registration, all weapons undergo test firing and that the fired bullet and cartridge case must be stored by the police for the purpose of forensic examination. This is in the event that the weapon is used in a crime or when determining lawful shooting for police officers.
There is an emerging view that the exceptionalism of the Northern Ireland police force is already fading. This is, however, not due to changes at PSNI but on account of the increasing adoption of its policing methods and practices in the rest of the UK.
To allow armed officers to respond rapidly to an incident, most forces have patrolling Armed Response Vehicles (ARVs). ARVs were modelled on the Instant Response Cars introduced by the West Yorkshire Police in 1976, and were first introduced in London in 1991, with 132 armed deployments being made that year.
In September 2004, the Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for the Home Office approved the use of tasers throughout England and Wales by Authorised Firearms Officers following a trial. In November 2008, the Home Secretary approved the use of tasers throughout England and Wales for all officers, lifting the Authorised Firearms Officer restriction, with officers who receive training and carry a taser known as 'specially trained units' (STU's).
In 2013, Police Scotland was formed with the inaugural Chief Constable granting a standing authority for ARV officers to overtly wear handguns, instead of being secured or concealed, and to deploy their weapons without requiring approval and also to be tasked for routine incidents (non-firearms incidents). A survey conducted by the Scottish Police Authority showed that 53% of the public supported sending ARV officers to routine calls and incidents while wearing a visible sidearm. 
In May 2014, the Firearms Act 1968 was amended to recognise the British Transport Police (BTP) as a police force under the Act in order to provide BTP a firearms licensing exemption the same as other police forces. BTP had, since armed policing commenced in February 2012, required an Authorised Firearms Officer (AFO) to apply to their local police force in a private capacity for a firearms certificate to enable them to perform the AFO role.
In February 2015, The Times reported that most forces in England and Wales dispatch armed officers to domestic incidents and other routine police call-outs based on information released under Freedom of Information laws; of the 43 police forces sent a request by the Times, half gave only partial information or rejected requests outright.
Surveys by the Police Federation of England and Wales have continued to show police officers' considerable resistance to routine arming. Although in the Federation's most recent (2017) Officer/Arming survey, 66% of respondents were against the routine arming of police compared to 82% in 2006. Furthermore, 42.5% of respondents wanted firearms not to be issued routinely to all officers, but for more officers to receive training and issued firearms as needed.
The use of firearms by the police in England and Wales is covered by statute (such as the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 and the Human Rights Act 1998), policy (such as the Home Office Code of Practice on Police use of Firearms and Less Lethal Weapons and the ACPO Manual of Guidance on Police Use of Firearms) and common law.
United Kingdom law allows the use of "reasonable force" to make an arrest or prevent a crime or to defend oneself. If the force used is fatal, then the European Convention of Human Rights only allows "the use of force which is no more than absolutely necessary". Firearms officers may therefore only discharge their weapons "to stop an imminent threat to life".
ACPO policy states that "use" of a firearm includes both pointing it at a person and discharging it (whether accidentally or negligently, or intentionally). As with all use of force in England and Wales, the onus is on the individual officer to justify their actions in court.
Different police forces use a variety of firearms. Although, for forces in England and Wales, guidance is provided from ACPO and the Home Office decisions on what weapons will be employed by an individual force largely rest with the Chief Constable.
In Northern Ireland, the PSNI issues all of its police officers with the Glock 17 pistol, and allows its officers to carry their issue sidearm off-duty.
The national media has criticised the policies of police forces which they have deemed "shoot to kill." Police firearms training teaches the use and discharge of firearms to "remove the threat" rather than to kill.  Following the 11 September 2001 attacks new guidelines were developed for identifying, confronting, and dealing forcefully with terrorist suspects. These guidelines were given the code name "Operation Kratos".
Sir Ian Blair appeared on television 24 July 2005 to accept responsibility for the error on the part of the Metropolitan Police in shooting Jean Charles de Menezes, mistakenly identified as a suicide bomber three days prior, and to acknowledge and defend the policy, saying that "There is no point in shooting at someone's chest because that is where the bomb is likely to be. There is no point in shooting anywhere else if they fall down and detonate it."
Wife Wanted is a 1946 American crime film directed by Phil Karlson, and starring Kay Francis, Paul Cavanagh, and Robert Shayne. The film's screenplay was written by Caryl Coleman and Sidney Sutherland, based on the novel Wife Wanted by Robert E. Callahan.
Carole Raymond (Francis) is a film star whose best years are behind her; so, she decides to buy in a real estate plan with Jeff Caldwell (Cavanagh), who is really running an illegitimate matrimonial service.
Kay Francis was unhappy with the first script; so, she and director Phil Karlson set about obtaining a re-write, and became a producer on the film.
Pseudonymization is a data management and de-identification procedure by which personally identifiable information fields within a data record are replaced by one or more artificial identifiers, or pseudonyms. A single pseudonym for each replaced field or collection of replaced fields makes the data record less identifiable while remaining suitable for data analysis and data processing.
Pseudonymization (or pseudonymisation, the spelling under European guidelines) is one way to comply with the European Union's new General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) demands for secure data storage of personal information. Pseudonymized data can be restored to its original state with the addition of information which then allows individuals to be re-identified, while anonymized data can never be restored to its original state.
(2) Protects at the record and data set level versus only the field level so that the protection travels wherever the data goes, including when it is in use; and
(3) Protects against unauthorized re-identification via the Mosaic Effect by generating high entropy (uncertainty) levels by dynamically assigning different tokens at different times for various purposes.
Before the Schrems II ruling, Pseudonymization was a technique used by security experts or government officials to hide personally identifiable information to maintain data structure and privacy of information. Some common examples of sensitive information include postal code, location of individuals, names of individuals, race and gender, etc.
After the Schrems II ruling, GDPR-compliant Pseudonymization must satisfy the above-noted elements as an "outcome" versus merely a technique.
The choice of which data fields are to be pseudonymized is partly subjective. Less selective fields, such as Birth Date or Postal Code are often also included because they are usually available from other sources and therefore make a record easier to identify. Pseudonymizing these less identifying fields removes most of their analytic value and is therefore normally accompanied by the introduction of new derived and less identifying forms, such as year of birth or a larger postal code region.
Data fields that are less identifying, such as date of attendance, are usually not pseudonymized. It is important to realize that this is because too much statistical utility is lost in doing so, not because the data cannot be identified. For example, given prior knowledge of a few attendance dates it is easy to identify someone's data in a pseudonymized dataset by selecting only those people with that pattern of dates. This is an example of an inference attack.
The pseudonym allows tracking back of data to its origins, which distinguishes pseudonymization from anonymization, where all person-related data that could allow backtracking has been purged. Pseudonymization is an issue in, for example, patient-related data that has to be passed on securely between clinical centers.
An example of application of pseudonymization procedure is creation of datasets for de-identification research by replacing identifying words with words from the same category (e.g. replacing a name with a random name from the names dictionary), however, in this case it is in general not possible to track data back to its origins.
GDPR compliant pseudonymization not only enables greater privacy-respectful use of data in today's "big data" world of data sharing and combining, but it also enables data controllers and processors to reap explicit benefits under the GDPR for correctly pseudonymized data.The benefits of properly pseudonymized data are highlighted in multiple GDPR Articles, including:
Espino entered the Liga Mexicana de Beisbol in 1962 with the Sultanes de Monterrey (Monterrey Sultans) as an outfielder and right-handed batter. He batted a .358 average with 23 home runs and 12 triples, driving in 105 runs (tying for the league lead) while scoring 106 times. He helped lead Monterrey to a league championship and was named Rookie of the Year.
In 1963, Espino missed some games due to an injury and his average dipped slightly to .346. In 99 games, he managed to hit 24 home runs and 80 runs batted in.
In 1965 the Cardinals invited Espino to spring training, but he did not report. Jamie Marshall writes that it was because Espino wanted a "fair share of the sale price." He hit .335 with 17 HR in just 67 games in the Mexican League that year.
In 1967 and 1968 Espino repeated as batting champ with marks of .379 and .365, respectively. He hit 34 homers, slugged .706 and scored 106 runs in 1967, winning in 1968 his second home run title with 27. His fourth batting title tied Al Pinkston for the Mexican League record. In the late 1960s, the California Angels tried to sign Espino several times without success.
In 1969, after winning three straight batting titles, Espino's batting average fell to .304. He won another home run crown, leading the league with 37 homers. He also set a new single season record with 125 walks (this record would be broken the following year).
In 1970, Espino began a slight slump during his prime. He still hit .319, but only 18 home runs. The next year he moved to the Alijadores de Tampico (Tampico Lightermen), and hit .311 with a subpar 20 home runs and 58 RBI.
In 1972, Espino bounced back to a .356 average and clinched his fourth and final home run title (37). He also scored 101 runs and drove in 101 more, with a league-high 94 walks. In 1973 his average rose again, to .377, good to win his fifth and final Mexican League batting championship. He also drove in 107 runs and hit 22 homers; while it was 15 fewer than his previous season, the 34-year-old slugger would never again hit as many.
From 1974 through 1980, Espino remained in double digit homers, reaching 20 once, though he remained a .300 hitter through 1980 except for one .297 season.
In 1975 Espino helped lead Tampico to a Mexican league championship, while setting a league record for the most consecutive hits in 11 straight at-bats. His statistics declined drastically in his early forties, retiring in 1984 at the age of 45.
Overall, Espino won 13 batting crowns, six home run titles, and six Most Valuable Player awards. He is the only player in LMP history with a career average over .300. The runner up, Matias Carrillo, is 36 points behind Espino. He also played in six Caribbean Series, being named the Most Valuable Player in the 1974 and 1976 editions. In 1996, he gained induction into the Caribbean Baseball Hall of Fame as part of their first class.
The commission is headquartered at Dholpur House, in New Delhi and functions through its own secretariat. Pradeep Kumar Joshi has been the Chairman of UPSC since August 2020.
Established on 1 October 1926 as Public Service Commission, it was later reconstituted as Federal Public Service Commission by the Government of India Act 1935; only to be renamed as today's Union Public Service Commission after the independence.
The Royal Commission on the superior Civil Services in India was set up under the chairmanship of Lord Lee of Fareham by the British Government in 1923. With equal numbers of Indian and British members, the commission submitted its report in 1924, recommending setting up of a Public Service Commission. The Lee Commission proposed that 40% of future entrants should be British, 40% Indians directly recruited, and 20% Indians promoted from the provincial services.
This led to the establishment of the first Public Service Commission on 1 October 1926 under the chairmanship of Sir Ross Barker. A mere limited advisory function was granted to the Public Service Commission and the leaders of the freedom movement continually stressed on this aspect, which then resulted in the setting up of a Federal Public Service Commission under the Government of India Act 1935.
The Federal Public Service Commission became the Union Public Service Commission after independence. It was given a constitutional status with under of Constitution of India on 26 January 1950.
As per Art. 316, the Chairman and other members of Union Public Service Commission shall be appointed by the President. In case the office of the Chairman becomes vacant his duties shall be performed by one of the other members of the Commission as the President may appoint for the purpose.
As per Art. 317, the Chairman or any other member of a Public Service Commission shall only be removed from their office by order of the President on the ground of "misbehaviour" after the Supreme Court, on reference being made to it by the President, has, on inquiry reported that the Chairman or such other member ought to be removed. The President may suspend the Chairman or other member of the Commission until report of the Supreme Court is received.
As per Art. 320, it shall be the duty of the Union Public Service Commissions to conduct examinations for appointments to the services of the Union. It shall also assist two or more States, if requested so, in framing and operating schemes of joint recruitment for any services.
It shall be the duty of a Union Public Service Commission to advise on any matter referred to them; provided that the President has not made any regulations specifying the matters in which it shall not be necessary for Union Public Service Commission to be consulted.
As per Art. 322, the expenses of the Union Public Service Commission, including any salaries, allowances and pensions payable to or in respect of the members or staff of the Commission, shall be charged on the Consolidated Fund of India.
As per Art. 321, an Act made by Parliament may provide for the exercise of additional functions by the Union Public Service Commission w.r.t. services of the Union.
As per Art. 323, it will be the duty of the Union Commission to annually present a report to the President of the work done by the Commission. On receipt of such report, the President shall present a copy before each House of Parliament; together with a memorandum, if any, explaining the reasons where the advice of the Commission was not accepted by him.
The Commission consists of a chairman and other members appointed by The President of India. Usually, the Commission consists of 9 to 11 members including the chairman. Every member holds office for a term of six years or until he attains the age of sixty-five years, whichever is earlier.
The terms and conditions of service of chairman and members of the Commission are governed by the Union Public Service Commission (Members) Regulations, 1969.
The Commission is serviced by a Secretariat headed by a Secretary with four Additional Secretaries, a number of Joint Secretaries, Deputy Secretaries and other supporting staff. The secretariat, for administrative purpose, is further divided into divisions, each undertaking having a specific responsibility:
Nebria chelmosensis is a species of ground beetle from Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Greece.
He became the curator of the Museums of Le Mans in March 1920 and stayed so until his death in 1930.
Melaleuca wilsonii, commonly known as Wilson's honey-myrtle or violet honey-myrtle, is a plant in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae, native to parts of South Australia and Victoria. It is a shrub with narrow, pointed leaves and heads of purplish-pink flowers on the sides of the branches. It is adaptable to a wide range of soils, frost hardy and often cultivated.
This melaleuca occurs from the south-east corner of South Australia to western and central Victoria. It grows in seasonally flooded and poorly drained soils in open scrubland, eucalypt forest and mallee heath.
This species is often cultivated, thriving in light to heavy soils and preferring a sunny, well-drained position. It is frost- and drought tolerant. It may flower less in humid areas and the flowers that appear wilt quickly. It was brought into cultivation in England in 1874 and is rarely seen in the United States. The flowers attract birds and insects. It is highly regarded as a horticultural subject. Melaleuca wilsonii can be propagated by seed or cutting.
Hypsioma inornata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by James Thomson in 1868. It is known from Argentina and Brazil.
Suq Al Masgouf is an indoor market place in the centre of the city of Samawah in southern Iraq. Dating back to the Ottoman period, the area surrounding the Suq Al Masgouf is the old Byzantine city of other crowded markets and streets.
This article about a building or structure in Iraq is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Stonestreets Coaches is an Australian bus company operating services in the Dalby, Gladstone, Ipswich and Toowoomba regions in Queensland. Initially a route and school bus operator, it has diversified into providing transport for energy and mining projects and operating tours.
Stonestreets Coaches was formed when in April 1993 the Stonestreet family purchased the Centenary Heights & Middle Ridge Bus Service in Toowoomba. Expansion came through the purchase of a shareholding in Dunkley's Coaches and a further three school runs from Cambooya, Greenmount and Wyreema.
In 2006, seven school runs in Dalby were purchased from French's Coaches. Geeford Coaches was also acquired in June 2006. In the next few years a number of other companies and services were acquired including additional Dalby school runs, the Ipswich Grammar and Ipswich Girls Grammar school runs, Aries Tours, the remainder of French's Coaches and Toowoomba Transit Coaches, the latter operating a service to Brisbane.
A Good Country Mile is a collaboration between Kevn Kinney and The Golden Palominos, released independently on February 21, 2012.
Bishop was born November 22, 1874, in Grand Rapids, Michigan. Bishop attended the United States Military Academy at West Point, graduating with the class of 1897.
In 1916, during the Mexican Revolution, Bishop served on the U.S.-Mexico border.  In 1917, attempting to fly as a passenger in an airplane from San Diego, California to Calexico, California, he was forced to land in Mexico and was lost for nine days before being recovered by a search party.
Following the conclusion of the war, Bishop was made Chief of the Philippine Department. In 1925, he returned to the United States and commanded the 15th Field Artillery at Fort Sam Houston in Texas.  Other appointments included Chief of the Hawaiian Department. While stationed in Hawaii, he commanded the 8th Field Artillery at Schofield Barracks.
In 1930, Bishop was promoted to Major General and made Chief of Artillery, subordinate only to the Chief of Staff of the United States Army, and relocated to Washington, D.C..
Bishop's wife was Ella Van Horn Foulois, who had earlier divorced Maj. Gen. Benjamin Delahauf Foulois, Chief of the Army Air Corps.
On August 31, 1934, after suffering for a year from painful colitis, Bishop was notified that he was being retired for disability, with the rank of major general. He returned to his residence on 16th Street in Washington, and shot himself in the head.[citation needed] He was buried at Arlington National Cemetery, in Arlington, Virginia.
As a young man, Bishop wrote several short stories, some of which would now be considered science fiction.  These were:
The legacy Amy Woodforde-Finden leaves is one of bridging cultures with music and words. She interpreted the sounds and motives of Asian-South Asian music to an American-European audience and transported the listener to a world of romance and the exotic.
Kashmiri Song and, to a lesser extent, Till I wake were frequently recorded, including by tenor Richard Tauber with Percy Kahn at the piano. Two complete sets of the Four Indian Love Lyrics were made by the English tenor Frank Titterton; and three by the Australian bass-baritone Peter Dawson, in 1923, 1925 and 1932.
This biographical article relating to New Zealand rugby union, about a person born in the 1870s, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
High Season is a 1987 British romantic comedy film directed by Clare Peploe. It is a comedy about tourism, set on the Greek island of Rhodes; vacationers from rich countries taking over the most spectacular scenery at the most desirable times of the year. There are nine principal characters, a mixture of English, Greek, and a Greek-American. It was written by director Clare Peploe with her brother Mark.
Katherine (Jacqueline Bisset) is an English photographer who, with her husband Patrick (James Fox), came to live at a coastal town on Rhodes before the tourists discovered it. Their thirteen-year-old daughter Chloe (Ruby Baker) grew up there, and even though Kath and Patrick have separated, they have both stayed on. He supports himself through his sculpture pieces, which Kath despises, and she, by her photography books featuring antiquities and peasant life, which he finds fuddy-duddy.
Kath needs money; her latest book isn't selling. She will be forced to give up her house and leave the island she loves unless she can find a buyer for a vase that was given to her many years earlier by a famous, now elderly art historian, Basil Sharp (Sebastian Shaw), who arrives for a visit. Katherine's  widowed friend Penelope (Irene Papas) regards the tourists as enemies, an army of occupation, and battles with her son Yanni, who appreciates the prosperity the tourists bring.
Rick (Kenneth Branagh), a practical-minded Englishman, fixes Kath's toilet, and becomes smitten by Kath after she rewards him with a passionate kiss. His wife Carol (Lesley Manville) occupies herself with Byron's poetry and the tourist-loving Yanni. The group is completed by Konstantinis (Robert Stephens), a wealthy Greek-American who wants to buy Kath's vase, but needs it to be declared a fake so that he can take it out of Greece.
High Season was director Peploe's first major feature film. She had previously made the half-hour short Couples and Robbers.  Married to Italian director Bernardo Bertolucci, she was one of the screenwriters on Michelangelo Antonioni's Zabriskie Point. She was credited as a writer and an assistant director on Bertolucci's La luna. Her brother Mark, with whom she collaborated on the script, previously wrote The Passenger for Antonioni, and the screenplay for The Last Emperor with Bertolucci.
Behavior trees  are a formal, graphical modelling language used primarily in systems and software engineering. Behavior trees employ a well-defined notation to unambiguously represent the hundreds or even thousands of natural language requirements that are typically used to express the stakeholder needs for a large-scale software-integrated system.
Single and composite or integrated behavior tree forms are both important in the application of behavior trees in systems and software engineering.
These genetic parallels, in another context, were originally spelled by Woolfson, (A. Woolfson, Living Without Genes, Flamingo, 2000)
Probabilistic timed behavior trees have recently been developed by Colvin, Grunske and Winter so that reliability, performance and other dependability properties can be expressed.
A behavior tree is used to formally represent the fragment of behavior in each individual requirement. Behavior for a large-scale system in general, where concurrency is admitted, appears abstractly as a set of communicating sequential processes. The behavior tree notation captures these composed component-states in a simple tree-like form.
Behavior is expressed in terms of components realizing states and components creating and breaking relations. Using the logic and graphic forms of conventions found in programming languages, components can support actions, composition, events, control-flow, data-flow, and threads.
A basis of the notation is that behavior is always associated with some component. Component-states which represent nodes of behavior are composed sequentially or concurrently to construct a behavior tree that represents the behavior expressed in the natural language requirements. A behavior tree with leaf nodes may revert (symbolized by adding the caret operator ^) to an ancestor node to repeat behavior, or start a new thread (symbolized by two carets ^^).
A behavior tree specifies state changes in components, how data and control is passed between components and how threads interact. There are constructs for creating and breaking relations. There are also constructs for setting and testing states of components as well as mechanisms for inter-process communication that include message passing (events), shared variable blocking and synchronization.
For a complete reference to behavior tree notation, version 1.0, see: Behavior Tree Notation v1.0 (2007)
The formal semantics of behavior trees is given via a process algebra and its operational semantics. The semantics has been used as the basis for developing simulation, model checking and failure modes and effects analysis.
Requirements translation is the vehicle used to cross the informal-formal barrier.  Consider the process of translation for requirement R1 below. The first tasks are to identify the components (bold), identify the behaviors (underline) and identify indicators of the order (italics) in which behaviors take place. The corresponding behavior tree can then be constructed.
What is clear from the outcome of this process is that apart from pronouns, definite articles, etc., essentially all the words in the sentences that contribute to the behavior they describe have been accounted for and used.
Once the set of requirements are formalized as individual requirement behavior trees, two joint properties of systems and requirements need to be exploited in order to proceed with composing the integrated behavior tree:
For requirements represented as behavior trees this amounts to finding where the root node of one tree occurs in some other behavior tree and integrating the two trees at that node.
The example below illustrates requirements integration for two requirements, R1 and R3. In other words, it shows how these two requirements interact.
Once an integrated behavior tree has been composed, there are a number of important operations that can be performed upon it.
A model behavior tree can be readily simulated to explore the dynamic properties of the system. Both a symbolic tool and a graphics tool have been constructed to support these activities.
A translator has been written to convert a model behavior tree into the "actions systems" language. This input can then be fed into the SAL Model-checker in order to allow checks to be made as to whether certain safety and security properties are satisfied.
Model-checking has often been applied to system models to check that hazardous states cannot be reached during normal operation of the system. It is possible to combine model-checking with behavior trees to provide automated support for failure mode and effects analysis (FMEA). The advantage of using behavior trees for this purpose is that they allow the formal method aspects of the approach to be hidden from non-expert users.
The ideal that is sought when responding to a change in the functional requirements for a system is that it can be quickly determined:
Because a system is likely to undergo many sets of changes over its service time, there is also a need to record, manage and optimize the system's evolution driven by the change sequence.
Behavior tree models are executed in a virtual machine called the behavior run-time environment (BRE). The BRE links together components using middleware, allowing components to be independent programs written in one of several languages that can be executed in a distributed environment. The BRE also contains an expression parser that automatically performs simple operations to minimize the amount of code required to be manually implemented in the component.
The implementation of components is supported by views that are automatically extractable from the DBT.  These views provide the component behavior trees (CBTs) of individual components together with the interfaces of individual components. This information, together with the information in the integrated composition tree (ICT) captured about each individual component, provides the information that is needed to implement each individual component.
Several BRE's can be linked together to form complex systems using a system-of-systems construct and the behavior engineering component integration environment (BECIE). BECIE is also used to monitor and control the behavior tree models being executed within a BRE, similar to supervisory control and data acquisition (SCADA) systems used in industrial process control.
Executable behavior trees have been developed for case studies including automated train protection, mobile robots with dynamic object following, an ambulatory infusion pump and traffic light management systems. A version of the BRE suited for embedded systems (eBRE) is also available that has reduced functionality to tailor it to small-footprint microcontrollers.
Behavior tree modelling can and has been applied to a diverse range of applications over a number of years. Some of the main application areas are described below.
While BTs have become popular for modeling the artificial intelligence in computer games such as Halo and Spore, these types of trees are very different from the ones described on this page, and are closer to a combination of hierarchical finite state machines or decision trees.  Soccer-player modeling has also been a successful application of BTs.
 is an approach to software testing that requires testers to create test models from requirements of Software Under Test (SUT). Traditionally, UML state charts, FSMs, EFSMs, Flow charts are used as the modeling language. Recently, an interesting approach in which Event-Driven Swim Lane Petri Net (EDSLPN) is used as the modeling language also appears. Behavior tree notation should be considered as a good modeling notation to MBT also, and it has a few advantages among other notations:
Such an attempt has been made here. The MBTester is composed of a modeler and a test case generation engine. Business owners or testers translate their requirements into behavior trees using the modeler, and then (optionally) integrate a few related behavior trees into a composite one. A behavior tree can be fed into the backend engine to generate test cases, test scripts, and test data automatically.
As a behavior modelling representation, behavior trees have a number of significant benefits and advantages:
Liasis mackloti savuensis is a python subspecies found in Indonesia. It is known by the locals as sanca mata putih (white-eyed python).
In 1898, at the age of 55, Jessop entered Ontario politics, successfully standing as the Conservative candidate for the riding of Lincoln.  This began a twenty-year political career of which twelve were spent as a member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario.
Jessop died of heart problems while still in office and is buried at Victoria Lawn Cemetery in St. Catharines.
This article about a Ontario Progressive Conservative Party MPP is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Takahashi would go on to participate in 16 A-side and 30 B-side songs, as well as a variety of television dramas, movies, variety shows and stage plays in her 7-year tenure.
On 4 March 2019, Takahashi announced she was graduating from AKB48 in May 2019. In the same report, she revealed she had signed an exclusive contract with the South Korean label Woollim Entertainment, after they e-mailed her.
On 23 July 2019, Takahashi was announced as a member of Rocket Punch, a new six-member girl group from Woollim. The group debuted on 7 August 2019, with their first extended play (EP) Pink Punch. In 2020, Takahashi ran a series of vlogs on Rocket Punch's YouTube channel titled Juriful Days.
Epirochroides hovanus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Epirochroides. It was described by Fairmaire in 1904.
Black Point is a locality in the Australian state of South Australia located on the east coast of Yorke Peninsula about 72 kilometres (45 miles) northwest of the state capital of Adelaide.
Black Point consists of an area of land bounded to the west by the St Vincent Highway and to the east by Gulf St Vincent where the coastline forms a bay gazetted as Port Alfred which faces to the north-east and concludes in the headland gazetted both as Black Point and the Narungga word, Gudliwardi.
As of 2015, the majority land use within the locality is agriculture.  A secondary land use is conservation which concerns the strip of land immediately adjoining the coastline.  Tertiary uses include the use of land along the Port Alfred coastline for both residential use and short-term tourist accommodation with the latter being provided in the form of a caravan park.
The 2016 Australian census which was conducted in August 2016 reports that Black Point had a population of 48 people.
Black Point is located within the federal division of Grey, the state electoral district of Narungga and the local government area of the Yorke Peninsula Council.
The 2012 CIS football season began on August 31, 2012 with the Saskatchewan Huskies hosting the Alberta Golden Bears at Griffiths Stadium. The season concluded on November 23 in Toronto, Ontario with the 48th Vanier Cup championship, won by the Laval Rouge et Or after they defeated the McMaster Marauders 37-14. This year, 26 university teams in Canada are scheduled to play Canadian Interuniversity Sport football, the highest level of amateur Canadian football.
Ranks in italics are teams not ranked in the top 10 poll but received votes. NR = Not Ranked, received no votes. Number in parentheses denotes number votes, after the dash number of first place votes.
This geographical article about a location in Batman Province, Turkey is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Microcerculus is a genus of birds in the wren family Troglodytidae that are endemic to Central America and tropical regions of South America.
These are small wrens with very short tails, long legs and a long bill. They forage on or near the ground in humid forests.
Calliopsis subalpina is a species of bee in the family Andrenidae. It is found in Central America and North America.
Van der Merwe was born on 28 February 1922 to Dorslandtrekkers (Afrikaner farmer-settlers) Johannes Marthinus van der Merwe and Catharina Margaretha van der Merwe in Humpata, Angola. Although his parents both came from large families - his father had four siblings and his mother had five siblings - he was an only child.
In 1928, he and his family moved to what was formerly South-West Africa (now Namibia). It is believed that they travelled by ox-wagon. During his formative years the family moved between present day Outjo and Gobabis and finally settled in Otjiwarongo, where he first attended an actual primary school. He attended secondary school in Windhoek.
In 1941 he attended the University of Stellenbosch, South Africa on a bursary. After obtaining a BSc in engineering at the University of Stellenbosch, he was persuaded by the head of the applied mathematics department to change to an MSc in applied mathematics, which he completed in 1945. In 1946 he was appointed junior lecturer in the department of applied mathematics.
Between 1947 and 1949, he did a PhD in theoretical solid state physics at the University of Bristol under Nevill Francis Mott. During his time in Bristol he befriended several people who went on to become noted physicists including C.F. Powell (a Physics Nobel Laureate), Arthur Tyndall and Doris Kuhlmann-Wilsdorf. In late 1949, he returned to the CSIR.
From 1953 to 1964 he served as senior lecturer and Associate Professor in the physics department at the University of Pretoria. He completed his MSc in Mathematics from the University of Pretoria in 1956. During this period he again worked with a colleague from Bristol, Frank Nabarro who was then head of Physics at the University of the Witwatersrand, South Africa.
In 1961 he took a sabbatical to the University of Virginia which led to a refinement of his initial model of thickening two-dimensional interfaces in 1963.
The theory of epitaxy was a major focus of his career and he published many seminal papers, which resulted in him becoming known as the "Father of Epitaxy". With the advance of the semiconductor industry from the 1960s onward, epitaxy became extremely important as it depends on the  growth of perfect single crystals for the manufacturing of transistors and IC circuits. An essential role in understanding how to grow such perfect crystals was provided by his theory.
In 1965, he was invited by an ex-CSIR colleague, Ernst Marais, to the University of Port Elizabeth where he was appointed head of the applied mathematics department. During this period Van der Merwe was invited to present plenary talks at many international conferences, during which he made enduring friendships with several surface scientists including Ernst G. Bauer of the Technical University of Clausthal-Zellerfeld and Ralf Vanselow of the University of Wisconsin, Milwaukee.
In 1969 he moved to UNISA where he became Professor of applied mathematics. In 1970 he spent a seven-month sabbatical at the University of Virginia where he collaborated with William A. Jesser. Almost 30 years later, in 1999 he co-authored a paper with Jesser.
In 1972, he accepted the position of head of the physics department at the University of Pretoria. From this point on he regularly collaborated with Gary Shiflet of the University of Virginia. Almost 20 years later, Shiflet and Van der Merwe co-authored papers on interphase boundaries.
After his mandatory retirement at age 65, he became Professor Extraordinarius at UNISA from 1990 to 2003, and Honorary Professor in the Department of Physics at University of Pretoria from 2004 to 2016.
In 1981 and 1989 he was Visiting Professor at the Technical University of Clausthal-Zellerfeld, Germany and Visiting Researcher to Kodak Research Labs, USA in 1981.
In 2000 a Symposium in honour of Van der Merwe was arranged by the American Society for Metals, Materials and Minerals to celebrate the 50th anniversary of his discovery of Interfacial Dislocations.
The Materials Research Society published a Focus Issue titled "Jan van der Merwe: Epitaxy and the Computer Age" in November 2017. 
In 1947, just before leaving South Africa for Bristol, he married Minnie de Villiers and they had their honeymoon on the ship to the UK. In late 1949 they returned to Pretoria, South Africa in time for the birth of their first child Pauline (1950). Willem was born in 1954, Jan in 1957 and Anna was adopted in 1957.
His son Jan died in 1994, his daughter Pauline in 1999 and his wife in 2006. Van der Merwe died on his birthday, 28 February 2016 at the home of his son Willem.
This article about a location in Doddridge County, West Virginia is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The 2011 FIBA U16 European Championship Division C was held in Serravalle, San Marino, from 12 to 17 July 2011. Six teams participated in the competition.
During his early years, Dadashov played at the football academies of SV Wehen Wiesbaden, Eintracht Frankfurt and RB Leipzig.
On 19 May 2017, Dadashov signed a three-year contract with Bundesliga side Eintracht Frankfurt. He scored 14 goals and 9 assists in 22 matches for Eintracht Frankfurt U-19 in the Under 19 Bundesliga.
Born in Germany to a Lezgin family from Azerbaijan, Renat was eligible to play for both countries. He played for the Azerbaijani U-16 team during the summer of 2014. He was later invited to the German U-16 where he scored 4 goals in 6 games. On 9 September 2015, Dadashov debuted for German U-17 team and played 15 matches with 13 goals during the next year. He reached the semifinals of the 2016 UEFA European Under-17 Championship with the German team.
In early 2017, it was announced that Renat will represent the Azerbaijani national team. He made his senior international debut on 5 September, against San Marino in 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification.
On 18 February 2020, Dadashov signed a sponsorship deal with German sportswear and equipment supplier, Adidas.
USS George W. Rodgers (1861) was a schooner captured  by the Union Navy during the American Civil War. She was initially intended to be used as part of the stone fleet of sunken obstructions; however, she was retained and used as a picket boat and dispatch vessel and, later, as a survey ship, concentrating her efforts in the waterways of the Confederate South.
George W. Rodgers, originally blockade runner Shark, was captured by the screw steamer South Carolina off Galveston, Texas, 4 July 1861 and sent to the U.S. East Coast. 
Later chartered by the Union Navy under a civilian master, Shark served during 1862 and 1863 as a dispatch ship with the South Atlantic Blockading Squadron until taken over by the Union Navy off Charleston, South Carolina, 5 September 1863 by order of Admiral John A. Dahlgren. 
Although Shark was purchased to be sunken obstruction at Charleston, she was retained. Renamed George W. Rodgers, she sailed to Port Royal, South Carolina, for arming and repairs, and commissioned there 17 January 1865, Acting Master Loring G. Emerson in command.
During the remainder of the war, George W. Rodgers served as a picket boat along the coast of Georgia in Wassaw Sound and in Ossabaw Sound and on the Vernon and Great Ogeechee Rivers. 
Occasionally used for special dispatch service, between February and May she joined Coast Survey steamer Bibb on an important coastal survey in the sounds and rivers of the Georgia coast. She resumed picket duty 2 May and operated along the Georgia and Florida coasts until departing Ossabaw Sound for Boston, Massachusetts, 25 July. 
She arrived Boston Navy Yard 7 August; decommissioned 16 August; and was sold to C. H. Miller by public auction 8 September.
This article incorporates text from the public domain Dictionary of American Naval Fighting Ships. The entry can be found here.
Edward Vilga (born Manchester, Connecticut) is an American wellness authority and author of books, plays, and films. His work is often themed around transformation, connections between spirituality and wealth, and the power of forgiveness and stems from his experiences as an American yoga teacher. Edward Vilga graduated from Yale University after majoring in English Literature.
He also wrote Acting Now: Conversations on Craft and Career (Rutgers University Press; 1997), a collection of interviews.
His book The Yoga of Money Manifesto was released by Stone Heap Publishing in March 2017 and hit #1 for all of New Thought.
The play was also featured at the United Nations in a special performance for the 25th Commemoration of the 1994 genocide against the Tutsi in Rwanda.
Vilga wrote and directed the feature film "Dead Broke" (Warner Brothers DVD, 2006). It won several best direct-to-DVD awards and on May 3, 1999 in a joint venture with the TriBeCa Film Center, Microsoft and ifilm.com, became the first film to debut simultaneously on the Internet and the big screen.
Edward Vilga is the creator of six bestselling courses on DailyOM, particularly "A Year to Get Rich With Purpose" that currently has over 30,000 students enrolled.
Indigo Grey: The Passage  is a 2015 American science fiction film directed by Sean Robinson and written and produced by Jason Oremus and Garrett Coleman.  It features Aidan Lok, neo-Irish dance troupe Hammerstep, and has received international attention for its soundtrack composed by Amy Lee, Dave Eggar and Chuck Palmer.
Out Magazine announced on January 8, 2016 that the film would be premiering at the Film Society of Lincoln Center. IrishCentral reviewed the film January 14, 2016 "Brilliant short film combines Irish dance and martial arts" 
This property is part of the land originally granted to Robert Campbell senior by Crown grant under the hand of Sir Richard Bourke, formerly Governor of the Colony in 1834. Robert Campbell's will gave to each of his sons and daughters one sixth of his property.
In December 1900 the Observatory Hill Resumption Act was gazetted and the Perpetual Trustee Company Ltd. released the property to the King and the Minister for Public Works in May 1903. In 1910 the Central City Mission used No. 41 George Street.
From 1969 No. 35 was occupied by Nita McRae, one of the founders of the Rocks Residents' Group and Green Bans activist. Much of the background work to coordinate the residents' action to save The Rocks community took place in this house. A plaque was placed in her memory in 1996.
Tenders were called in the early 1980s for the lease of the buildings for their current use of shops and offices. In June 1982 the Sydney Cove Redevelopment Authority (SCRA) issued an invitation to tender for lease and establishment of a medical centre at No. 37-39 George Street.
The name of the buildings, 'Sergeant Major's Row', appears to have been adopted by SCRA as a reminder for an early term for George Street, though this related more specifically the northern end of the street. In the early 1800s it was also known as "High Street", becoming "George Street" in 1810 after the then reigning monarch, King George III.
The name given the buildings by SCRA is a reminder of an early term for George Street which was begun as a track for water carriers carrying water from the Tank Stream to the marine encampment and the hospital - its original name was Spring Row. Then it was humorously altered unofficially to Sergeant-Major's Row, then officially to High Street by Governor King and finally to George Street by Governor Macquarie.
Style: Victorian Filigree; Storeys: Two; Facade: Stone and Brick; Roof Cladding: Galvanised Iron; Floor Frame: Timber.
As at 3 May 2001, Archaeology Assessment Condition: Partly disturbed. Assessment Basis: Floors level with George Street. Stone quarried out at rear.
As at 26 June 2002, Sergeant Major's Row, a grouping of five terrace buildings located at 33-41 George Street and site is of State heritage significance for its historical, aesthetic and scientific values. The site and buildings are also of State heritage significance for their contribution to The Rocks area, which is of State heritage significance in its own right.
Originally constructed as a speculative type development, the terraces have been occupied by a number of occupants and tenants as residences and later as commercial premises which generally reflects the growth and development of The Rocks. They are significant for their association with Robert Campbell, Edward Stanley Ebsworth and Nita McCrae who all had significant impact in the local area.
Sergeant Major's Row was listed on the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 10 May 2002 having satisfied the following criteria.
The place is important in demonstrating the course, or pattern, of cultural or natural history in New South Wales.
The terraces are historically significant as they are representative the late nineteenth century development in The Rocks. Constructed in 1881 as residences by a local merchant, Edward Stanley Ebsworth, they were intermittently used as boarding houses and then commercial, retail and office spaces from the late 1970s which is reflective of a shift and changing nature, growth and development of the area.
The place has a strong or special association with a person, or group of persons, of importance of cultural or natural history of New South Wales's history.
Sergeant Major's Row is significant for its associations with Robert Campbell, to whom the land was first granted, with Walter Stanley Ebsworth, a prominent merchant and industrialist, and with Nita McRae, a founder of The Rocks Residents' Group and a Green Bans activist.
The place is important in demonstrating aesthetic characteristics and/or a high degree of creative or technical achievement in New South Wales.
The place has a strong or special association with a particular community or cultural group in New South Wales for social, cultural or spiritual reasons.
The terraces have generally been occupied by a number of other individuals since construction and businesses from the late 1970s. The terraces have some association with The Rocks Residents' Group and Green Bans group through Nita McCrae who occupied No. 35 George Street during the 1970s. No. 39 was also occupied by the Nature Conservation Council during the 1980s. 37 & 39 also provided medical services to The Rocks community during this period. A Doctors' practice remains at No. 37.
The place has potential to yield information that will contribute to an understanding of the cultural or natural history of New South Wales.
The terraces clearly demonstrate and retain planning of a late Victorian residence and way of life of that period. The site, which retains the stone cut along its western boundary, that it would appear was quarried at some stage, emphasises and is a reminder of the early form and topography of The Rocks and modifications that were undertaken during its growth and development.
The place possesses uncommon, rare or endangered aspects of the cultural or natural history of New South Wales.
The terraces located at 33-41 George Street are good and intact representative examples of late Victorian terraces that generally retain their fundamental character and detail, however have been adapted which reflects the general shift and growth of The Rocks area.
The place is important in demonstrating the principal characteristics of a class of cultural or natural places/environments in New South Wales.
The terraces demonstrate the typical design characteristic of the "standard" terrace type that is not rare or uncommon in The Rocks or the wider context with a number of similarly scaled and styled buildings located throughout the inner suburbs of Sydney.
 This Wikipedia article was originally based on Sergeant Majors Row (terrace), entry number 1579 in the New South Wales State Heritage Register published by the State of New South Wales and Office of Environment and Heritage 2018 under CC-BY 4.0 licence, accessed on 14 October 2018.
Nashik East Vidhan Sabha constituency is one of the 288 Vidhan Sabha (legislative assembly) constituencies of Maharashtra state, western India. This constituency is located in Nashik district. It is one of the six assembly segments under Nashik (Lok Sabha constituency). 
The constituency comprises parts of Nashik taluka viz. the following wards of Nashik Municipal Corporation - 1 to 10, 14, 16, 30 to 35, 40 to 42 and 67 to 70. 
This biographical article related to an Indian cricket person born in 1999 is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Melaleuca eleuterostachya is a plant in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae and is endemic to Western Australia and South Australia. It is a shrub or tree with arching branches, narrow leaves and small spikes of cream or white flowers.
Melaleuca eleuterostachya was first formally described in 1886 by Ferdinand von Mueller in Fragmenta Phytographiae Australiae. The specific epithet (eleuterostachya) is from the ancient Greek eleutheros meaning "free" and stachys, "spike", referring to the way the flower spikes appear on the sides of the branches below the leaves.
Melaleuca eleuterostachya occurs in central-southern South Australia and is most common in the Eyre Peninsula. It is widespread in Western Australia, especially the central and southern areas and in a broad band between Geraldton and Albany. It grows in sandy or clayey soils, on plains, low hills and wet depressions.
Melaleuca diosmifolia is listed as "not threatened" by the Government of Western Australia Department of Parks and Wildlife.
Wang Su-bak, the eldest daughter of the Wang family, had married into a wealthy family, but after her husband Go Min-joong goes bankrupt, she and her family have to move back into her parents' home.
Second daughter Ho-bak is also having financial difficulties with her jobless husband Heo Se-dal, while third daughter Gwang-bak suddenly decides to quit her stable job as a teacher to pursue her dream of becoming a writer.
The Wang family must now face a number of challenges in Korean society, such as elitism, discrimination, the power dynamics between husband & wife and between parent & child, and the decision when to marry & have a child.
Manuel Gomes (born 12 August 1966) is an Angolan boxer. He competed in the men's bantamweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
This biographical article related to an Angolan boxer is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Filodrillia is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Borsoniidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Filodrillia is a genus from deep water which resembles Etrema in the form of the sinus, but not of the protoconch, but differs in the thin slender shell, turreted whorls, absence of ribs and varix. The spiral sculpture predominates.
This marine genus is endemic to Australia and occurs off New South Wales, South Australia, Tasmania and Victoria.
He won 11 Bengal Film Journalists' Association Awards for the last three films. He made a documentary on the rebel poet Kazi Nazrul Islam, produced by the Ministry of External Affairs, Government of India and was inaugurated by the then External Affairs minister, Pranab Mukherjee at a function at Habitat Centre, New Delhi.
Anjan Das' trademark was that all his films were based on literature. Three of his films are based on eminent poet Joy Goswami's novels. All his films are labelled as lyrical and poetic.
DC Universe launched in the U.S. on September 15, 2018, and was available on iOS, Android, Roku, Apple TV, Android TV, Amazon Fire TV, and Xbox One in addition to web and mobile web access. Each subscription to DC Universe could be used on two devices at a time. Pre-orders for the streaming service became available starting on July 19, while an early beta-version was made available to select users in August. Live-action series were streamed in 4K Ultra HD HDR.
DC Universe was only available in the United States. At Fan Expo Canada 2018, DC editor Dan DiDio claimed the service was being beta tested in Canada with plans to launch at an unspecified date. Meanwhile, several original shows from the service were acquired by Corus Entertainment (for broadcast on its Teletoon, Adult Swim, and Showcase cable networks), while Doom Patrol was acquired by Bell Media for its CTV Sci-Fi Channel. Titans was distributed internationally on Netflix.
According to the 2002 Poland census, there were 312 people residing in Sufczyce village, of whom 52.6% were male and 47.4% were female. In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.3% under the age of 18, 35.3% from 18 to 44, 17.3% from 45 to 64, and 21.2% who were 65 years of age or older.
This article related to the geography of County Laois, Ireland is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
A chambon is a piece of horse tack. It is a strap that runs forward from the bottom of the girth or surcingle, and forks.  The forks continue to a ring on either side of the bridle or halter, at the base of the crownpiece. Running through those rings, the forks follow the cheekpieces to the bit.  They may attach to the bit or pass through the bit rings and attach to themselves below the horse's neck.
If a horse is not lunged properly, he may begin to go on his forehand. Chambons can also cause sore neck muscles if overused.
Loricula is a genus of minute bladder bugs in the family Microphysidae. There are more than 20 described species in Loricula.
Jacques Plumain (born August 14, 1973), known as The Ghost of Kehl, is a French serial killer who claimed four victims (including one who escaped) in France and Germany between October 1999 and May 2000. Plumain was sentenced in France on June 3, 2005 to 30 years of imprisonment; however, there was an appeal of the decision and Plumain was sentenced a second time to life imprisonment with a security sentence of 20 years.
In January 2001, Plumain was arrested for assaulting a motorist with a katana. He claims he had an account to settle with the motorist with whom he violently disputed a few months earlier.
During his interrogation on the crimes Plumain quite quickly confessed and told at the same time that on the evening of Brelowski's murder he went out to kill because he felt impulses which grew stronger and stronger. Moreover, he admitted that he never wanted to kill Barbel Zobel but that he had attacked her because he was stealing bicycle tires and that she surprised him. On the other hand, he denies any involvement in the murder of Hatice Celik.
In September 2003, the trial of Jacques Plumain began at a cour d'assises of Bas-Rhin in Strasbourg, for the attempted murder of the motorist in 2001. He was sentenced to 12 years in prison.
On May 18, 2005, the trial of Jacques Plumain for murders began at the cour d'assises of Bas-Rhin. The defense of Plumain was provided by Emmanuel Karm and Jean Guibert. Gioia Zirone was the lawyer of Barbel Zobel, Thomas Mutter was the lawyer of Marc Fisher, the former companion of Ursula Brelowski and Brice Raymondeau-Castanet was the general counsel.
On June 3, 2005, Jacques Plumain was sentenced to 30 years' imprisonment with a 20-year prison sentence. He was acquitted of Celik's murder. The prosecution appealed the decision.
On March 27, 2006, the appeal process for Plumain began at a cour d'assises at Bas-Rhin court in Colmar.
On April 12, 2006, Plumain was re-sentenced to life imprisonment with a 20-year sentence of imprisonment.
In 1848, Hermann Schlegel named the Calabar "python", Calabaria reinhardtii, in his honor. Reinhardt's caecilian, Mimosiphonops reinhardti, was named for him in 1992, more than 100 years after he had collected the holotype.
Oblique Landsat image of Tabun-Khara-Obo crater draped over digital elevation model (x5 vertical exaggeration); screen capture from NASA World Wind.
The Long Road is the fourth studio album by Canadian rock band Nickelback, released on September 23, 2003. The album was recorded at famed Greenhouse Studios in Vancouver, British Columbia. It is the band's last album with Ryan Vikedal as drummer, The album features a notable change in style towards more aggressive riffs and double bass drumming.
Country music singer Travis Tritt released a cover version of the track "Should've Listened" on his 2007 album The Storm.
 All lyrics are written by Chad Kroeger except where noted; all music is composed by Nickelback except where noted.
This Blagoevgrad Province, Bulgaria location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Packera castoreus is a rare species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names Beaver Mountain groundsel and Beaver Mountain ragwort. It is endemic to Utah in the United States, where it occurs only in the Tushar Mountains.
This small alpine plant grows just a few centimeters tall with one or more woolly stems. The lower leaves have blades one or two centimeters long with woolly undersides. The flower heads have purple-green, woolly  phyllaries and no ray florets.
There are about 7 to 10 known occurrences of this plant on the high slopes of the Tushar Mountains of central Utah, mostly within the Fishlake National Forest. It occurs on Mt. Belknap and Gold Mountain, and probably other peaks. It grows on barren talus on windy, exposed mountain slopes in alpine tundra habitat above the tree line. Other plants in the sparsely vegetated habitat include sky pilot (Polemonium viscosum), Mt. Belknap draba (Draba ramulosa), and various grasses.
 Museum of Art of the Parliament of Itapevi 'Emanuel von Lauenstein Massarani' (Museu de Arte do Parlamento de Itapevi 'Emanuel von Lauenstein Massarani'), is a contemporary art museum housed in the Parliament of Itapevi. The Palace is located in Nord-Est of the city.  
Founded in August 2019, the museum was named after Emanuel von Lauenstein Massarani, Brazilian journalist, art critic, diplomatic, writer, historian, museologist. The Museum was created for disseminating the cultural heritage of the Municipality of Itapevi. It is managed by the 'Escola do Parlamento de Itapevi, Doutor Osmar de Souza'.
The museum collects paintings, sculptures, photographs and prints. The collection include an important contemporary art collection and a 'Outdoor Sculptures Collection' (Esculturas ao Ar Livre). The museum preserves, among others, works by Iwao Nakajima, Joseph Pace, Giuseppe Ranzini, Carlos Araujo. 
Sergio Rouco is an assistant coach for the Samford University men's basketball team. He is also the former head men's basketball coach at Florida International University in Miami, Florida.
In his first season with Ole Miss, Rouco helped the Rebels win 20 games and earn an NIT bid. Long known for his ability to coach defense, Ole Miss became one of the SEC's stingiest squads in 2011-12, ranking third in the league in field-goal percentage defense (.405), while Buckner was named to the SEC All-Defensive Team.
Prior to Ole Miss, Rouco was the head coach at FIU in his hometown of Miami, Fla. and led the Panthers to a 55-94 overall record. In his first season at the helm, Rouco guided FIU to the semifinal game of the Sun Belt Conference Championships, the longest postseason run for the program since 1998. He mentored four players to All-Sun Belt Conference status, including two-time honorees Ivan Almonte and Alex Galindo. Freddy Asprilla was the 2009 SBC Freshman of the Year.
Rouco began his college coaching career as an assistant at FIU from 1987-91, including one season under former Ole Miss head coach Bob Weltlich. Rouco returned to FIU as an assistant from 2000-03 before being hired by Billy Gillispie as an assistant at UTEP for the 2003-04 season.
Rouco was credited for much of the team's success in his one season at UTEP, which saw the Miners win 24 games and advance to the NCAA Tournament.
Born in Cuba and raised in Miami, Fla., Rouco found much success as a high school coach in his hometown, with head coaching stops at Loyola (1986-87) and Miami Norland (1991-95). He directed Loyola to a school-record 22 wins in 1986, while he led Miami Norland to 29 wins and a No. 1 state ranking for a portion of the 1994-95 season.
He boasts head coaching experience at the professional level for Club Mauricio Baez (1995) and Los Minas (1996) in the Dominican Republic, helping both squads reach the semifinals of the playoffs. In 1996-97, he was the head coach of the Trotamundos de Carabobo in Venezuela, and he returned to that country in 2010 to coach the Marinos de Anzoategui.
He also spent three years as an associate director at the Boys & Girls Club of Miami, where his duties included supervising athletic programs, 30 employees and 8,000 youth, as well as spearheading fund-raising efforts and payroll budgeting.
A 1987 graduate of Nova Southeastern with an education degree, Rouco and his wife, Kelly, have two sons - Sergio Alessandro and Fabian.
This biographical article relating to a Cuban basketball figure is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Daren O'Leary (born 27 June 1973 in Harold Wood, England) was a rugby union player who represented Saracens, Harlequins, Gloucester, Worcester and Moseley.  Now retired, he is a professional rugby union agent with Top Marque Sports.
Whilst at Gloucester he started in the 2002 Zurich Championship Final (the year before winning the play-offs constituted winning the English title) in which Gloucester defeated Bristol.
O'Leary was part of the senior England squad for the 1993 Five Nations Championship and the 1997 England rugby union tour of Argentina and Australia, but was ultimately never capped at that level.
Lecithocera baeopis is a moth in the family Lecithoceridae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1929. It is found in Assam, India.
The draw for this round took place on 13 August 2018. 12 teams out of the original 53 did not participate in the draw. The majority of the games were held on 26 August 2018, with the exception of matches 12 and 16, which will take place on 2 September.
The draw for this round took place on 27 August 2018. All Games were held between 5-12 September 2018.
AO Kardia, Apollon Paralimnio, Aris Avato, Niki Volos, Tilikratis, O.F. Ierapetra, Ermionida, Korinthos 2006, Thyella Kamari, Ethnikos Piraeus and PAS Cithaeron Kaparelli advanced on walkover.
The draw for the group stage was held on 18 September 2018, 12:00 EEST, at the headquarters of the Hellenic Football Federation in Goudi, Athens. The 32 teams were drawn into eight groups of four. For the draw, the teams were seeded into four pots based on the following principles:
Teams in each group will play one another in a round-robin basis, with the top two teams of each group advancing to the knockout stage. Match-day 1 matches will be held between 25-27 September, Match-day 2 matches will be held between 30 October and 1 November, while Match-day 3 will be held between 4-6 December 2018.
In the knockout phase, teams play against each other over two legs on a home-and-away basis, except for the one-match final.The mechanism of the draws for each round is as follows:
The Fund was constituted at Toynbee Hall on 19 September 1982. Trustees were: Mrs Ann Crisp, wife of Toynbee Hall Deputy Warden, John Crisp; Mr John Crisp, Mrs Freny Kapadia (Toynbee Hall Resident); Mr Robert (Bob) Le Vaillant (Toynbee Hall Resident); and Mr Derek Noblett (Police Constable, H District Metropolitan Police Youth & Community Section).
In 1986 on Bob Le Vaillant's retirement from the Forces and with a pledge by British Petroleum (BP) of salary funding for a Director, Toynbee Hall appointed Bob Le Vaillant to set up and run a Children's Department. The department effectively absorbed Stepney Children's Fund work but nevertheless continued using the Fund's name as it was well-established and respected especially in areas of the countryside where 'Stepney' children camped or were sent on holidays.
In 2000, Bob and his wife were in the process of adopting 3 children. Bob retired from Toynbee Hall in 2005 and moved with his family to Kent. The final edition of Stepney Children's Fund Annual Report "Who Cares?" was published in the Winter of 2002.
His first major title came in 2009, winning the Spanish GT Championship along with fellow Portuguese driver Ricardo Bravo.
This biographical article related to Portuguese auto racing is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The women's kumite 68 kilograms competition at the 2018 Asian Games took place on 27 August 2018 at Jakarta Convention Center Plenary Hall, Jakarta, Indonesia.
That is, the first row is constructed of the polynomial coefficients in order, and the second row is the first row in reverse order and conjugated.
The third row of the table is calculated by subtracting        a  n    a  0       {\displaystyle {\frac {a_{n}}{a_{0}}}}   times the second row from the first row, and the fourth row is the third row with the first n elements reversed (as the final element is zero).
The expansion of the table is continued in this manner until a row containing only one non-zero element is reached.
If       a  0    > 0   {\displaystyle {a_{0}}>0}   then for every value of      a  0   ,  b  0   ,  c  0     {\displaystyle a_{0},b_{0},c_{0}}  ... that is negative, the polynomial has one root outside of the unit disc.  This implies that the method can be stopped after the first negative value is found when checking for stability.
This method is very easy to implement using dynamic arrays on a computer. It also tells whether all the modulus of the roots (complex and real) lie inside the unit disc. The vector v contains the real coefficients of the original polynomial in the order from highest degree to lowest degree.
Sasneham is a Malayalam television soap opera launched on 8 June 2021 in Malayalam entertainment Channel Asianet and also streaming on Disney+Hotstar, starring Rekha Ratheesh and KPAC Saji in lead roles. This series focusses on trials and tribulations of older generation who are thrown into Old age homes.
Asianet Serial Sasneham depicts the story of Indira and Balachandran, past lovers, they reunited in an old age home. They two are neglected by their own family. After meeting Maduri and Nandan their life get a new dimension and meaning.
Tettenhall Regis is a ward of Wolverhampton City Council, West Midlands. The population of this ward at the 2011 census was 11,911.
The modern ward of Tettenhall Regis is one of two covering the Tettenhall area, the other being Tettenhall Wightwick. It is situated on the western edge of the city, bordering South Staffordshire and the Oxley, St Peter's, Park and Tettenhall Wightwick wards. It forms part of the Wolverhampton South West constituency.
Historically, Tettenhall parish was divided into two manors, Tettenhall Regis ("Tettenhall of the king") and Tettenhall Clericorum ("Tettenhall of the clergy"). Likewise, the smaller prebend of Tettenhall was divided into two constablewicks called Tettenhall Regis and Tettenhall Clericorum.
The A41 runs through the western area of the ward, this section of A41 "Holyhead Road" was designed by Thomas Telford who organised blasting through Tettenhall Rock. Adjacent to the A41 is Tettenhall Green which was gifted to Tettenhall Parish Council by a Miss Jenks, the Green contains Tettenhall pool (a well known local paddling pool). Adjacent to Tettenhall Green is Wolverhampton Cricket Club and also nearby is the South Staffordshire Golf Club.
During her school years, she played volleyball. At the age of 17, she assisted with her sister their father in a football match as referee. And one year later, she assisted her later husband in a match.
Born at Strathardle, Atholl, he was the son of Patrick Small of Leanoch in Glen Shee, Scotland and Magdalen Robertson, daughter of Alexander Robertson, 5th Laird of Straloch, Perthshire. His brothers were Alexander Small, who became an army surgeon, and James Small, who was a factor.
John Small was a first cousin and close friend of John Robertson Reid, who became a general in the British Army. His niece, Magdalen (Small) MacDonald, was the mother of John MacDonald of Garth and Mrs. William McGillivray.  John Small and his relatives were members of the Smalls of Dirnanean, and are also related to the Small-Kiers of Kindrogan House.
At an early age Small's family purchased a commission for him to enter the Scots Brigade, and he served with them in the Netherlands. He was promoted to 2nd lieutenant in the Earl of Drumlanrig's Regiment when it was raised for service of the States General in 1747. In 1756, Small obtained a commission in the British Army, becoming a lieutenant in the Black Watch just before its departure for North America to fight in the Seven Years' War.
Lieutenant Small went to North America to fight for Great Britain against French Canadian forces in the Seven Years' War. On that front, the war became known to the colonists of the Thirteen Colonies as the French and Indian War, referring to France and its Native American allies. Small fought at the Battle of Fort Oswego in New York. Two years later, in 1758, he fought at the Battle of Ticonderoga, also in New York, under General James Abercrombie.
It may have been during the interval between the Seven Years' War and the American Revolution that Small began to acquire his estate, Selmah Hall, in Nova Scotia. He later bequeathed part of it to his first cousin, friend, and heir General John Robertson Reid. During this period, Small became interested in local politics and formed friendships with several influential Anglo-American politicians.
In 1765, Captain Small was placed in command of a company of the 21st Regiment of Foot, serving with them throughout the American Revolution. In 1775, he received an unofficial assignment from General Gage. Promoted to the rank of major, Small was sent to Nova Scotia to raise at his own expense the Young Royal Highlanders Regiment. This regiment was afterwards amalgamated into the 84th Regiment of Foot (Royal Highland Emigrants).
Small spent the most part of his time in New York on staff duty. Small was commander of the 84th Regiment of Foot (Royal Highland Emigrants), 2nd Battalion.
In describing the painting for a catalogue of his works, Trumbull explained why he chose to emphasize Major Small's role. He said that Small, whom he had met in London, "was equally distinguished by acts of humanity and kindness to his enemies, as by bravery and fidelity to the cause he served."
In 1793, Small was appointed as Lieutenant Governor of Guernsey and received his final promotion to major general. He died on Guernsey three years later, on 17 March 1796. He is buried within Saint Peter Port Church.
Small never married. At his death, his principal heir was his first cousin and good friend, John Robertson Reid. He left a valuable estate of four or five thousand acres in Nova Scotia to the general.
Shortly before her death, Saboeut was interviewed extensively for the 2015 documentary film on the history of Cambodian rock music, Don't Think I've Forgotten, in which her sister Sothea is profiled in detail. Saboeut died of complications from a fall at age 72 on March 5, 2014. She is survived by her daughter, her three grandchildren, and her last living sibling Ros Sabeoun.
Born in Brookings, South Dakota, Lindahl served in the United States Army Air Forces during World War II. Lindahl received his bachelor's degree from University of Minnesota and taught science. He was also involved in the teachers union. Lindahl served in the Minnesota House of Representatives from 1965 to 1971 from Saint Paul, Minnesota and was involved in the Democratic Party.
This is an overview of the geological subdivisions of the Romanian section of the Carpathian Mountains. The broadest divisions are shown in the map on the right. The last level of the division, i.e. the actual mountain ranges and basins, is usually called "units". The lowest-level detail for those units is maintained on separate pages.
Traditional Romanian naming conventions differ from this list.  In Romania, it is usual to divide the Eastern Carpathians in Romanian territory into three geographical groups (North, Centre, South), instead in Outer and Inner Eastern Carpathians.
The Transylvanian Plateau is encircled by, and geologically a part of, the Carpathians, but it is not a mountainous region and its inclusion is disputed in some sources. Its features are included below.  
The Outer Carpathian Depressions lay outside the broad arc of the entire formation and are usually listed as part of the individual divisions of the Carpathian Mountains, i.e. of Western Carpathians, Eastern Carpathians etc.
The Romanian Carpathians chain is classified, according to the geomorphological and geological differences, into three major morphotectonic units:
The Eastern Carpathians are divided into three geographical groups; the Romanian approach is shown by adding the following abbreviations to the names of units within Romania:
Muhammad Nur Aiman Bin Rosli (born 22 March 1999) is a Malaysian professional racing cyclist, who currently rides for UCI Continental team Team Sapura Cycling.
This biographical article relating to Malaysian cycling is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Reagon was born in Nashville, Tennessee, and was named for Cordell Hull, the Secretary of State under President Franklin D. Roosevelt from 1933 to 1944.  Reagon's powerful tenor voice spread the message of the civil rights movement throughout the United States and Canada in the 1960s.
Reagon was 16 years of age in 1959 when he emerged as a leader of the civil rights movement in Albany, Georgia. James Forman, who became the executive secretary of SNCC, called him "the baby of the movement." Reagon, who was arrested more than thirty times in the South for his anti-segregation activities, conducted nonviolent training workshops for hundreds of volunteers who journeyed to the South to work on voter registration campaigns and other civil rights projects.
Cordell Reagon remained an activist until his 1996 death at age 53 in his Berkeley, California, apartment, the victim of a still-unsolved homicide.
 defaults is a command line utility that manipulates plist files. Introduced in 1998 OPENSTEP, defaults is found in the system's descendants macOS and GNUstep.
defaults is also able to read and write any plist specified with a path, although Apple plans to phase out this utility in a future version.
DOMAIN should be replaced by the plist file name sans extension ('.plist'). plist files are named with reverse domain name notation. For example:
plist files store keys and values. The PROPERTY_NAME key is the name of the property to modify. For example, to remove the search field from Safari's address bar:
defaults prints values in the OpenStep format. It allows the VALUE to be arrays and dicts, as long as they conform to old-style plist syntax.
SS64 documents a set of other keys that can be changed for each software (not the global domain) in macOS. Other sites also document settings to be changed using defaults. Apple does not publish a complete list of these "secret knobs", but their support site does occasionally provide defaults commands for user to change a certain setting, such as the creation of .DS_Store.
GNUstep documents its defaults more clearly, so that there is no such thing as a "hidden settings" community like there is for macOS.
 Saint FM 94.7 was a radio station serving the South Atlantic island of Saint Helena. The station's studios and administration offices were located at Association Hall, Main Street, Jamestown. It was the only independent radio station broadcasting on Saint Helena, and was also the island's only FM station.
The station also broadcast via the Internet and was relayed by stations in Ascension Island and the Falkland Islands. The organisation also produces a weekly newspaper, the St Helena Independent which continues despite the closure of SaintFM.
The radio channels vacated by Saint FM have been taken over by Saint FM Community Radio. Also Saint Fm 94.7 closed down on 31 April 2018 at midnight.
Saint FM was started by Johnny Drummond, whose bequest provided the initial funding for the station. Talks about the new station began in August 2003 between Drummond and the current station manager of Saint FM, Mike Olsson. Negotiations started soon afterwards and the broadcasting licence was issued on 22 July 2004.
The station commenced test transmissions on the Internet on 28 September 2004, and on FM via a temporary aerial on 27 September 2004.
After three months of test transmissions Saint FM officially opened with scheduled broadcasts on 3 January 2005.
The decision was taken earlier today [Wednesday] to close Saint FM permanently at 4:00pm this coming Friday, 21 December.
Unlike the weekly Independent newspaper Saint FM broadcasts 24 hours a day, seven days a week and relies on a minimum number of paid staff and a lot of goodwill from volunteers, the public, the government and other business interests to keep going. It has become increasingly difficult to continue broadcasting as relations and co-operation with government have worsened in recent months and weeks.
Mike Olsson said it is the total effect of the continual and increasing number of obstacles and awkwardness put in the path of the daily job and increasing the workload which makes you wonder if all the hours needed to keep a private sector radio station on the air can be sustained.
SaintFM closed down at 4p.m. on 21 December 2012.  After a brief speech from the station's owner, Mikael Olsson, the final record played was The Carnival Is Over by The Seekers.  Then the transmitter was switched off.
The majority of programming was music-based with a significant number of requests being played for islanders from relatives and friends overseas and vice versa.
As befits the musical preference of the many Saint Helenians much country music was played, but most popular music styles from the last 50 years were featured.
Weekday daytime programmes were usually presented by station staff, with evenings and weekends programming done by 'voluntary presenters'. 'Local news' (which also included events on Ascension Island and the Falkland Islands) was broadcast throughout the day. The station also did international news bulletins as well as international and local sports updates throughout the day.
As a commercial station, Saint FM played adverts for local businesses. Some of these are still available online.
Although Saint Helena is a small island its terrain is such that island-wide coverage requires more than one transmitter.
Umbrella sampling is a technique in computational physics and chemistry, used to improve sampling of a system (or different systems) where ergodicity is hindered by the form of the system's energy landscape. It was first suggested by Torrie and Valleau in 1977. It is a particular physical application of the more general importance sampling in statistics.
Umbrella sampling is a means of "bridging the gap" in this situation. The standard Boltzmann weighting for Monte Carlo sampling is replaced by a potential chosen to cancel the influence of the energy barrier present. The Markov chain generated has a distribution given by:
with U the potential energy, w(rN) a function chosen to promote configurations that would otherwise be inaccessible to a Boltzmann-weighted Monte Carlo run. In the example above, w may be chosen such that w = w(Q), taking high values at intermediate Q and low values at low/high Q, facilitating barrier crossing.
Values for a thermodynamic property A deduced from a sampling run performed in this manner can be transformed into canonical-ensemble values by applying the formula:
The effect of introducing the weighting function w(rN) is equivalent to adding a biasing potential V(rN) to the potential energy of the system.
If the biasing potential is strictly a function of a reaction coordinate or order parameter     Q   {\displaystyle Q}  , then the (unbiased) free energy profile on the reaction coordinate can be calculated by subtracting the biasing potential from the biased free energy profile.
Series of umbrella sampling simulations can be analyzed using the weighted histogram analysis method (WHAM) or its generalization. WHAM can be derived using the Maximum likelihood method.
Subtleties exist in deciding the most computationally efficient way to apply the umbrella sampling method, as described in Frenkel & Smit's book Understanding Molecular Simulation.
Alternatives to umbrella sampling for computing potentials of mean force or reaction rates are free energy perturbation and transition interface sampling.  A further alternative which functions in full non-equilibrium is S-PRES.
Audrey Parra (born 16 November 1987) is a French rugby union player. She represented France at the 2010 Women's Rugby World Cup.
The 1975 All-Big Eight Conference football team consists of American football players chosen by various organizations for All-Big Eight Conference teams for the 1975 NCAA Division I football season.  The selectors for the 1975 season included the Associated Press (AP).
He was co-founder (in 1974) and secretary of the Proletarian Unity Party for Communism (or PdUP), which later merged with the Italian Communist Party in 1984. When the latter renounced communism to become the Democratic Party of the Left in 1991, Magri adhered to the Communist Refoundation Party, founding an internal movement whose structure recalled that of PdUP.
In 1995 his movement split, to form the Movement of Unitarian Communists, established to support a centrist cabinet led by Lamberto Dini. When the Movement entered the newly formed Democratic Party of the Left, Magri abandoned it, devoting himself only to il manifesto.
In 2009 he published an essay on the history of the Italian Communist Party, entitled Il sarto di Ulm. Una possibile storia del PCI (The Tailor of Ulm. A possible history of the P.C.I.).  In 2011, Verso Books published 'The Tailor of Ulm: Communism in the Twentieth Century'.  Reviewing the book in Review 31, John Green praised it as 'an invaluable platform for understanding the apparent impasse of the present global and systemic crisis'.
In his later years, Magri suffered from depression, exacerbated by the death of his wife Mara in 2008. He chose to take up assisted suicide, passing away in Zurich, Switzerland. He was survived by a daughter, Jessica, and a granddaughter, Emma.
Shavar Jeffries is an American civil rights attorney who in September 2015 became the president of Democrats for Education Reform which promotes  more charter schools, school funding and stricter teacher evaluations to revamp public education and resigned in 2017. A former assistant state Attorney General, he was a candidate in the 2014 election for Mayor of Newark, New Jersey, after which he became a partner at Lowenstein Sandler in August 2014.
After law school, Jeffries clerked for Judge Nathaniel R. Jones of the U.S. Court of Appeals. He then worked as an associate with Wilmer Cutler & Pickering. Since 2001, Shavar has been counsel at Gibbons P.C., a firm based at the Gateway Center in Newark.
Jeffries has been an associate professor at the Center for Social Justice at Seton Hall Law School since 2004. In 2008-2010, he took a leave of absence to serve as Assistant Attorney General and Counsel to New Jersey Attorney General Anne Milgram and led several departments, including the Juvenile Justice Commission and the Civil Rights Division.
In April 2010, Jeffries was elected to the Newark Public Schools Advisory Board. He became a partner at Lowenstein Sandler in August 2014. In September 2015 he became the president of Democrats for Education Reform which promotes  more charter schools, school funding and stricter teacher evaluations to revamp public education. 
Jeffries announced his election bid on May 20, 2013. Jeffries was relatively unknown in Newark, where typically one runs first for council and then for mayor. Jeffries introduced a public safety plan in October 2013 As of January 2014, Jeffries had raised the most campaign financing of the candidates.
The election took place May 13, 2014 and Jeffries was defeated by Municipal Council of Newark Council Member Ras Baraka. Other potential candidates, Council Members Anibal Ramos, Jr. and Darrin S. Sharif,  had earlier dropped out of the race.
Jeffries' eight-member council slate includes incumbents East Ward Councilman Augusto Amador, North Ward Councilman Anibal Ramos, Jr. and At-large Councilman Carlos Gonzalez and candidates Brian Logan (South Ward). Kevin Waters (West Ward) and Andre Speight (Central Ward). Lynda Lloyd (At-large), and former Assemblyman Wilfredo Caraballo (At-large).
In 2015 Jeffries has established the Donna Johnson Memorial Scholarship to support the educational development of a young person who has experienced the loss of a parent, guardian, or loved one because of domestic violence, or whose life has otherwise been touched by violence against women.
Shavar Jeffries resigned from the Board of Directors of the Success Academy Charter Schools in 2017. Jeffries is a critic of Education Secretary Betsy DeVos and President Donald Trump. This position was in conflict with Success Academy chief executive officer Eva Moskowitz, who had supported Hillary Clinton, but was muted in her criticism of Trump until several days after Jeffries' resignation.
Education reform remains a controversial policy concern in the USA. The National Assessment of Educational Progress published a gloomy report showing many American high school senior students are not yet ready for college. This woeful situation stimulates the schools choice movement and supporters of charter schools which include Shavar Jeffries. He demonstrated disappointment regarding the low-key political discussion regarding the worsening quality of primary and secondary education.
Denis than focused in working, along with his father, in their machining design firm Basing in neighboring town Jesenice, which was moved to Bled in Jan. 2006.
2012 he formed a small Hotel chain at the lake Bled Vile Bled and later extend his work to alternative healing to promote bio-energy healing and learning. Since 2015 he runs independent healing, revitalizing and learning center Revive Temple Bled to promote healthy life style and self-healing through proper nutrition, use of bio-energy and detoxification.
Denis is a father of three sons Gal (17 March 1994), Maksim (25 September 1998) and Isak (3 July 2000) and lives his hometown of Bled.
The park was established in 1953 and gradually expanded in the 1960s. It was initially known as Gerald Cove State Park, but the spelling was corrected in 1966 upon the request of the Hartstene Island Grange.
The Malta Rugby Football Union (MRFU) is the governing body for all Rugby Union in Malta. The MRFU is a full member of Rugby Europe and World Rugby. The MRFU is a  member of SportMalta, the Maltese islands national sports body.
On September 14, 2016, Steve Busuttil defeated the incumbent Brian Dalton in the election for President of the Union.
This is part of the list of United Kingdom locations: a gazetteer of place names in the United Kingdom showing each place's locality and geographical coordinates.
Dominic Rau (born 29 November 1990) is a German footballer who most recently played for SC Hessen Dreieich.
On 27 September 2019 it was confirmed, that Rau had signed with FC Bayern Alzenau. In January 2020 29-year old Rau confirmed, that he would retire to complete his education as a police officer.
This biographical article related to association football in Germany, about a defender born in the 1990s, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Royal Cellar[where?] is a historical monument in Odobesti, in Vrancea county of the historical region of Moldavia, Romania, dating from the 16th century. The building that houses the Royal Cellar is inscribed in the Romanian National Register of Heritage Tourism and the UNESCO conservation lists.
According to documents, this cellar exists there since the time of Stephen the Great, prince of Moldavia.  In 1834, on the estate of Prince Mihail Sturdza, were preserved the ruins of two stone cellars covered with shingles.
One of them, the Royal Cellar was consolidated with pumice from Milcov River, becoming an ideal place for aging wine in oak barrels and bottles.
The age of the building is strengthened by the inscription above the entrance in Cyrillic letters, along with the coat of arms of Moldova (Bull Head) framed by the flags.
This article about a Moldovan building or structure is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
In his congressional term, Knollenberg was known as a staunch supporter of the North American Free Trade Agreement, President George W. Bush's stance on protecting manufactured goods and for voting against expanding SCHIP in the later years of his career.
After graduation, he served in the United States Army from 1955 to 1957 as a corporal in Germany, where he specialized in petroleum chemistry. He then spent more than three decades as an insurance agent. Initially working for New York Life Insurance Company as an assistant manager and later for Sears, he founded his own agency, Knollenberg Agency in the late 1980s. He served as chairman of the Oakland County Republican Party from 1978 to 1982.
In 1992, Knollenberg signed on as campaign manager for Congressman William Broomfield, who had represented most of Oakland County in Congress since 1957. However, at a meeting with Knollenberg and other advisers, Broomfield announced he would not run for a 19th term. He then asked Knollenberg to run in his place in the 11th District, which had been renumbered from the 18th District after the 1990 census.
Despite being the only candidate in the three-way Republican primary not holding elected office, Knollenberg won the nomination by over 13 points. As the 11th was one of the most Republican districts in Michigan and the nation at the time, he was virtually assured of becoming only the third person to represent the district. He was reelected six times without serious difficulty, never dropping below 55 percent of the vote.
Knollenberg was re-elected to his seventh term in 2004 with 58% of the vote. In 2006, however, Knollenberg faced a tough campaign against Democrat Nancy Skinner, a liberal talk show host in the Detroit area, ultimately winning by six points. Two years later, in a more difficult election cycle for Republican candidates, Knollenberg lost re-election to former state senator Gary Peters.
Generally, Knollenberg's voting record was conservative. He supported the North American Free Trade Agreement and led the campaign against President George W. Bush's steel tariffs. In 2002 he was awarded the Mkhitar Gosh Medal by the president of the Republic of Armenia. On September 29, 2008, he voted against the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008.
Knollenberg was challenged in the 2006 Republican primary by moderate Republican Patricia Godchaux. Democratic candidate Nancy Skinner, a popular former radio-talk show host in the Detroit area, was her party's nominee for the 9th district. Matthew R. Abel of the Green Party and Adam Goodman of the Libertarian Party were third-party candidates also in the race.
Prior to 2006, Knollenberg's election was widely considered to be relatively easy given the traditionally Republican leanings of Troy, the largest city in his district. The 2000s round of redistricting made Knollenberg's district much friendlier to Democrats.  While the district lost heavily Democratic Southfield, it picked up equally Democratic Pontiac and lost a Republican-leaning spur of Wayne County.
In the 2006 election, Knollenberg was nearly defeated, taking only 52 percent of the vote to Skinner's 46 percent.  Abel received .9%, and Goodman received 1.3%.  This was the closest a Democrat had come to winning the district in 48 years; in 1958 Broomfield only won a second term by 5.5 points.
In January 2006, Congressman Knollenberg announced his intent to seek re-election in 2008. The narrowness of his 2006 reelection bid, combined with his district's changing demographics led the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee to target him for defeat. The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee targeted Congressional Districts where Republicans garnered less than 55% of the vote.
The Democratic nominee was Gary Peters, the former state lottery commissioner. Skinner initially made plans for a rematch, but bowed out to clear the field for Peters. In March 2008, Jack Kevorkian announced that he would challenge Knollenberg as an independent candidate. The Libertarian nominee was Adam Goodman and the Green nominee was Douglas Campbell. Kevorkian, Goodman and Campbell each raised and spent less money than the mandatory reporting threshold.
On November 4, 2008, Knollenberg was defeated, garnering 43 percent of the vote to Peters' 52 percent. Knollenberg's candidacy was likely hurt by a heavy Democratic tide in the Detroit area; Barack Obama carried Oakland County by a 15-point margin, six percentage points more than Peters' margin over Knollenberg. A potential factor in Knollenberg's defeat was a series of advertisements criticizing his vote against expanding SCHIP.
Knollenberg had two sons, Stephen and Martin with his wife, Sandra "Sandie" Moco, whom he married in September 1962 at St Frances Cabrini Church in Allen Park, Michigan. His son, Martin, was elected in November 2006 by a 58%-42% margin to the Michigan State House of Representatives from the 41st District.
Knollenberg died on February 6, 2018, due to complications from Alzheimer's disease at a care facility in Troy, Michigan at the age of 84.
Born in New York City to a wealthy, well-connected political family, Welles graduated from Harvard College in 1914. He entered the Foreign Service at the advice of Franklin Roosevelt, who was a family friend.  Welles was excited by Woodrow Wilson's ideas about how American principles could reorder the international system based on liberal democracy, free-trade capitalism, international law, a league of nations, and an end to colonialism.
Welles specialized in Latin American diplomatic affairs and served several posts in Washington and in the field.  President Calvin Coolidge distrusted Welles because of his divorce and private sex life. He left public service and from bases in his two mansions in the Washington area he wrote a book on the history of the Dominican Republic.
Welles was forced out of government service by Secretary Hull when it was revealed he had solicited two men for sex.  Returning to private life, he continued to write books on foreign relations and became an advisor to media organizations.  He was a target of the House Un-American Activities Committee during the post-war "red scare", though he was never formally sanctioned.  He died in New Jersey in 1961, survived by his third wife and several children.
Welles attended Harvard College where he studied "economics, Iberian literature and culture", and graduated after three years in 1914.
Welles soon became a specialist in Latin American affairs. He served in Buenos Aires, Argentina in 1919 and became fluent in Spanish. In 1921, Secretary of State Charles Evans Hughes appointed him to head the Division of Latin American Affairs.
Coolidge, however, disapproved of Welles' 1925 marriage to Mathilde Scott Townsend, who had only recently divorced the President's friend, Senator Peter Gerry of Rhode Island. He promptly ended Welles' diplomatic career.
During the presidential election of 1932, Welles provided foreign policy expertise to the Roosevelt campaign. He was a major contributor to the campaign as well.
In April 1933, FDR appointed Welles Assistant Secretary of State for Latin American Affairs, but when a revolution in Cuba against President Gerardo Machado left its government divided and uncertain, he became instead the President's special envoy to Cuba. He arrived in Havana in May 1933. His mission was to negotiate a settlement so that the U.S. could avoid intervening as U.S. law, namely the Platt Amendment of 1901, required.
In 1937, FDR promoted Welles to Under Secretary, and the Senate promptly confirmed the appointment. Indicative of ongoing rivalries within the State Department, Robert Walton Moore, an ally of Secretary of State Hull was appointed the department's Counselor at the same time, a position equal in rank to that of Under Secretary.
In the week following Kristallnacht, in November 1938, the British government offered to give the major part of its quota of 65,000 British citizens eligible for emigration to the United States to Jews fleeing Hitler. Under-Secretary Welles opposed this idea, as he later recounted:
Welles headed the American delegation to the 21-nation Pan American conference that met in Panama in September 1939. He said the conference had been planned in earlier hemispheric meetings in Buenos Aires and Lima and he emphasized the need for consultation on economic issues to "cushion the shock of the dislocation of inter-American commerce arising from the war" in Europe.
In February and March 1940 Welles visited Italy, Germany, France (he visited President Albert Lebrun on March 7) and England to discuss peacemaking proposals. Hitler feared that the purpose of his visits was to drive a wedge between Germany and Italy.
The declaration was a source of contention during the subsequent alliance between the Americans, the British, and the Soviets, but Welles persistently defended the declaration. In a discussion with the media, he asserted that the Soviets had maneuvered to give "an odor of legality to acts of aggression for purposes of the record."
In a 1942 memorandum describing his conversations with British Ambassador Lord Halifax, Welles stated that he would have preferred to characterize the plebiscites supporting the annexations as "faked." In April 1942, he wrote that the annexation was "not only indefensible from every moral standpoint, but likewise extraordinarily stupid." He believed any concession on the Baltic issue would set a precedent that would lead to additional border struggles in eastern Poland and elsewhere.
A New York Times profile described Welles in 1941: "Tall and erect, never without his cane,... he has enough dignity to be Viceroy of India and... enough influence in this critical era to make his ideas, principles, and dreams count."
He appeared on the cover of Time on August 11, 1941, and in that issue Time assessed Welles' role within Hull's Department of State:
Roosevelt was always close to Welles and made him the central figure in the State Department, much to the chagrin of secretary Cordell Hull, who could not be removed because he had a powerful political base.
The clash became more public in mid-1943, when Time reported "a flare-up of long-smoldering hates and jealousies in the State Department".  After Welles was forced out of office, journalists noted that two men who shared "aims and goals" were at odds because of a "clash of temperament and ambitions".
The U.S. still awaits a clarification of its foreign policy and the forced resignation of Sumner Welles made an already murky issue even more obscure.
Continuing his career-long focus on Latin America, he said that "if we are to achieve our own security every nation of the Western Hemisphere must also obtain the same ample measure of assurance as ourselves in the world of the future." He also foresaw the end to colonialism as a guiding principle of the new world order:
In 1944, Welles lent his name to a fundraising campaign by the United Jewish Appeal to bring Jewish refugees from the Balkans to Palestine.
Welles became a prominent commentator and author on foreign affairs. In 1945, he joined the American Broadcasting Company to guide the organization of the "Sumner Welles Peace Forum," a series of four radio broadcasts providing expert commentary on the San Francisco Conference, which wrote the founding document of the United Nations. He undertook a project to edit a series of volumes on foreign relations for Harvard University Press.
Later that year, the American Jewish Congress presented Welles with a citation that praised his "courageous championing of the cause of Israel among the nations of the world."
On December 7, 1948, Welles appeared before HCUA as part of its investigation into allegations between Whittaker Chambers and Alger Hiss (part of the Hiss Case). Later that month (and after the death of his friend Laurence Duggan), he suffered a serious heart attack.
In April 1950, Senator Joseph McCarthy repeatedly charged that the Institute of Pacific Relations (IPR), an organization that fostered the study of the Far East and the Pacific, was a communist front. Welles was a member of the American branch of the IPR.
He sold his estate outside Washington in 1952, when Oxon Hill Manor became the home of a "huge collection of Americana."
On April 14, 1915, Sumner Welles married Esther "Hope" Slater of Boston, the sister of a Harvard roommate, in Webster, Massachusetts. She came from a similarly prominent family that owned a textile empire based in Massachusetts. She was descended from industrialist Samuel Slater and granddaughter of the Boston painter William Morris Hunt. Welles and his wife had two sons:
In 1923, Slater obtained a divorce from Welles in Paris "on grounds of abandonment and refusal to live with his wife".
Welles occasionally gained public notice for his art dealings. In 1925, for example, he sold a collection of Japanese screens that had been on exhibit at the Metropolitan Museum of Art for several years.
Welles spent the bulk of his time a few miles outside of Washington in the Maryland countryside at a 49-room "country cottage" known as Oxon Hill Manor designed for him by Jules Henri de Sibour and built on a 245-acre property in 1929. He entertained foreign dignitaries and diplomats there and hosted informal meetings of senior officials. FDR used the site as an occasional escape from the city as well.
On January 8, 1952, Welles married Harriette Appleton Post, a childhood friend (and a granddaughter of architect George B. Post, designer of the New York Stock Exchange) who had previously married and divorced twice, and had resumed the use of her maiden name, in New York City at the bride's home on Fifth Avenue.
He died on September 24, 1961, at age 68 in Bernardsville, New Jersey. He is buried in Rock Creek Cemetery in Washington, D.C.
Winston Churchill, who made the phrase "No comment" famous, cited Welles as his source for the cryptic response.
Welles' papers are held by the National Archives at the Franklin D. Roosevelt Library in Hyde Park, New York.
The street adjacent to the current Embassy of the United States in Riga, Latvia was named after Sumner Welles (as Samnera Velsa iela) in 2012.
Valle competed in an early preview of Ultra Street Fighter IV's Omega Mode, in which he lost against Ryan "Filipino Champ" Ramirez. Valle is known for having an offensive playstyle when playing with Ryu, as determined by Justin Wong in his Step Up Your Game series of articles. Valle announced his retirement from competitive gaming in April 2017.
Valle is the CEO and co-founder of Level Up and is the man behind the SoCal Regionals tournaments as well as the Wednesday Night Fights Online Tournaments. Valle formerly ran ReveLAtions, The Runback, and Super Smash Sundays; the former being a major that happens once a year, and the latter two being weeklies. He was born in Lima, Peru.
Grandpa was a British comic strip which originally appeared in the magazine The Beano from 1955 to 1957, drawn by Ken Reid. It was later revived from 1971 until 1984, but this time by Robert Nixon and afterwards Jimmy Glen.
Grandpa was first published in issue 680, illustrated by Ken Reid.  It was a gag-a-day comic about a mischievous old bearded man. 
Some of the stories involved his dad, an even older man with an even longer beard than him. Despite their advanced ages, they enjoyed a father-son relationship similar to that of Dennis the Menace and his dad; a typical story would be about Grandpa getting involved in some kind of mischief, being caught by his father and ending up getting a spanking. In a June 1956 strip, Grandpa was revealed to have been born in 1874, making his age 82. In 1957 the series was terminated.
From 1971 until 1984 Grandpa was relaunched. Robert Nixon drew it for the first years, after which Jimmy Glen took over until 1984. This series ran from issue 1522 to issue 2200.
In his sophomore season, Harrison led the Kangaroos to a second-place WAC finish and after averaging 17.5 points and 3.9 assists per game was named first-team all-conference and the WAC Player of the Year.  A few weeks later, he was named an honorable mention All-American by the Associated Press, making him the first All-American in program history.
In mid-November 2016, Harrison was suspended for a domestic assault charge under Title IX. Harrison was suspended indefinitely and was dismissed from the program on December 12, 2016. The charges were later dropped.
This biographical article relating to a United States basketball player, coach, or other figure born in the 1990s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The interbank market is an important segment of the foreign exchange market. It is a wholesale market through which most currency transactions are channeled. It is mainly used for trading among bankers. The three main constituents of the interbank market are:
Central banks also play a role in setting currency exchange rates by altering interest rates. By increasing interest rates they stimulate traders to buy their currency as it provides a high return on investment and this drives the value of the corresponding central bank's currency higher with comparison to other currencies.
It has been criticized because of its image as a stereotypical "smoke-filled room" where lobby groups gain access to government officials, a few of whom have been known to use taxpayer funds to pay their way to New York. Other observers criticize the retreat for being held in New York instead of within Pennsylvania.
The Pennsylvania Society has become known as the "unofficial start of the next year's big political season" because of its reputation as a place for potential political candidates to make contacts, meet fundraisers, and make a name for themselves early in the electoral process.
Former Speaker of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives Bill DeWeese said in 2003 that the Pennsylvania Society is "a magnificent re-creation of the gilded age and the era of the robber barons of the late 19th century, when Fricks and Carnegies and Pews dominated Pennsylvania's commercial and political scene. Slender elements of its original purpose endure. However, it is primarily a hell of a party."
Public watchdogs have criticized the event as a chance for "wealthy special interests to mingle with the movers and shakers in state government" or as a gathering for "fat cat" politicians away from their Pennsylvania constituents.
Attendees have been known to enjoy the New York City tourist attractions, including the Broadway theatre and the Fifth Avenue shopping district almost as much as, if not more than, the political networking opportunities.
Kuroki was a cast member of the Takarazuka Revue, belonging to the Moon Troupe (Tsuki). Kuroki was the voice of Helen Parr/Elastigirl/Mrs. Incredible in the Japanese dub of The Incredibles. She won the award for best actress at the 22nd Hochi Film Award for Lost Paradise.
The leaves are flat, the lower ones being elliptical in shape, while the upper ones are linear.  They are wooly on both sides.
It is found in Eastern France to Denmark as well as on the mountains of Uzbekistan on sandy grasslands, and heathland. It is also widely spread on the Dalmatian coast in Croatia where locals regularly pick and sell it throughout the summer (local Mediterranean climate permitting even as late as September and October).
Helichrysum stoechas  is similar to the Helichrysum arenarium species, but the leaves are all linear, with rolled under edges. It is found in western France on dunes near the sea.
In February 1811, before the birth of his son, Napoleon I decided to build a palace on Chaillot hill calling it the palace of the king of Rome. Grand and beautiful, it was to be the center of an administrative and military imperial city. The ambitious premise and the fall of the empire meant that the palace was never built. Its designer, architect Pierre Fontaine, stated that the palace could have been "the most vast and most extraordinary work of our century."
The small palace of Rambouillet, originally intended for secondary use, was rebuilt by Auguste Famin. Due to the preparations for the French invasion of Russia and the diminishing resources of the French state work on the larger Chaillot palace was halted and on March 2, 1812 the Rambouillet palace was officially given the title "palace of the King of Rome" and it was the only one of the two palaces that was finished.
Born  in Oneida, New York, he studied at the Art Students League of New York with Kenyon Cox, Henry Siddons Mowbray and with William Merritt Chase at the New York School of Art. His early works were influenced by the paintings of his friend Albert Pinkham Ryder, and depict figures in phantasmagorical landscapes.
Although he used traditional methods and was hostile to artistic modernism, Miller believed that good art is always radical in nature. He was a socialist, and intended his art to have a political dimension.
By the time of his death in New York City in 1952, his reputation was in eclipse, but he was rediscovered in the 1970s.
Written in 1984 by Joelle Kopf and Christian Dingler under the label EMI Music, the song was a great success in the 1980s.
The song, released as a single on July 1, 1984, fell within the context of an era marked by the emergence of thoughtless songs which mocked some popular themes of society at the time. According to Elia Habib, an expert on French charts, the song reduced "freed women with a tender irony in an archetypal caricature" at a time when "the look is gaining importance and makes you 'in' or not".
In 1984, the song gained the price of the Union Nationale des Auteurs et Compositeurs awarded by the SACEM.
In 2005, Soma Riba band featuring DJ Fou covered the song but did not manage to reach success: The single peaked at #33 on the French singles chart on July 4, 2005 and remained on the top 100 chart for 16 weeks.
The Beloved are a British electronic music group best known for the singles "Sweet Harmony", "The Sun Rising", "Hello", "Your Love Takes Me Higher", and "Satellite".
Originally a post-punk/new wave band formed in 1983, they underwent a change of direction in the late 1980s to a house/alternative dance sound and experienced chart success in the UK and elsewhere.
According to a commonly known account of the band's formation, Jon Marsh placed an advertisement in the music press in 1983, which read as follows:
"I am Jon Marsh, founder member of the Beloved. Should you too wish to do something gorgeous, meet me in exactly three years' time at exactly 11am in Diana's Diner, or site thereof, Covent Garden, London, WC2."
While "Sweet Harmony" went on to become their biggest hit in the UK, reaching number 8 in 1993, the other two tracks taken from the Conscience album, did not achieve the former's success. The double A-side single "Celebrate Your Life" / "You've Got Me Thinking" peaked at number 23, and "Outerspace Girl" peaked at number 38. "Rock to the Rhythm of Love" was also released as a single, however, only in the US. The album itself reached no. 2 on the UK Albums Chart.
After X, the compilation Single File followed in 1997, promoted by a re-release of "The Sun Rising" (which reached number 31, only five positions lower than the original 1989 release) which included some new remixes.
Marsh later became a respected club DJ, holding monthly residencies at Ministry of Sound between 1994 and 1998, and Fabric between 1999 and 2004. He played all over the UK and Europe on a regular basis until he stopped to focus more on his family. He has also collaborated with original band member Steve Waddington and others on new material, most of which remains unreleased.
Chart placings are from the UK Singles Chart and UK Albums Chart, except those marked *, which are from the UK Indie Chart.
Nadine Flora Gasman Zylbermann is the president of the National Women's Institute of Mexico, and the representative of UN Women in Brazil.
Gasman has worked in public policy to help women and promote human rights and intercultural understanding for over 30 years. Nadine Gasman has worked in Brazil, Guatemala, and Mexico to address gender inequalities and violence against women, among other human rights violations. She also works with indigenous women, women of African descent, and young people.
She advocates for expanded access to legal abortion in Mexico and helped strengthen 911 services to guard against an increase in domestic violence during quarantines for the COVID-19 pandemic.
This biographical article related to medicine in Mexico is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The terrace is connected to the South Court by two flights of steps; the library proper is approached by another flight above the terrace. Known as "the Steps", the "Low Steps", or the "Urban Beach", they are a popular meeting area for Columbia students. They also serve as a connection between the northern and southern sections of Columbia's campus.
Architecture critic Paul Goldberger said of the Steps in 1987: "The building itself, for all the power of its immense scale and huge dome, seems almost to recede, deferring to the stairs before it." During commencement speeches, Columbia's "graduation mace" is customarily carried down the stairs. The stairs have also been used for other speeches, such as a 1991 speech by novelist Salman Rushdie after the Iranian government targeted him for assassination.
The Low Memorial Library was built from 1894 to 1897 and designed by Charles Follen McKim of McKim, Mead, & White. McKim was assisted in the design by William M. Kendall, Austin W. Lord, and Egerton Swartwout. The library was designed in the Neoclassical style, incorporating many of the elements of Rome's Pantheon, as well as the Baths of Caracalla. It was funded by Seth Low, the president of Columbia University and later the mayor of New York City, in memory of his father Abiel Abbot Low.
The ambulatory is an octagonal hallway around the rotunda. It consists of alternating longer and shorter passages; the longer passages correspond to the cardinal directions, while the shorter passages correspond to the intercardinal directions (northwest, northeast, southwest, southeast). The floor has alternating squares and circles, made of marble and laid in hues of red, yellow, and black-and-white. There is a bronze bas-relief of the university's seal at the center of the floor.
In the shorter passages, the decoration is simpler. The walls are made of plaster and unornamented, with arched doorways that are recessed and flanked by simple pilasters. The halls also have arched ceilings. They are illuminated by bronze lamps that are placed on marble pedestals, with lions' heads below them and glass globes above. Staircases rise to the upper levels, adjacent to each of the shorter sections of the ambulatory.
In 1954, during the University's bicentennial, Low was commemorated on a postage stamp. For the University's semiquincentennial in 2004, an image of the library was placed on a pre-stamped postcard.
 Linda Ogugua (born 12 April 1978) is a Nigerian women's basketball Center. Ogugua attended Biola University in California, United States and with the Nigeria women's national basketball team at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
This biographical article relating to a Nigerian basketball figure is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Oberea mimetica is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Heller in 1915. It is known from the Philippines.
Ahn Ji-young (born September 14, 1995) is a South Korean singer and songwriter. She is the main vocalist and only remaining member of South Korean indie band Bolbbalgan4.
In 2014, she was featured on the television program Superstar K 6, and debuted as a member of Bolbbalgan4 along with Woo Ji-yoon in 2016. After Woo left the band in early 2020, it was announced that Ahn would continue to promote under the duo name.
In 2015 she released her second single "Leave Your Man". She is currently in the process of recording her self-titled debut studio album.
Logan began performing professionally at age 17 in a Brazilian restaurant in Penang, singing mainly jazz songs in English, Spanish and Portuguese. She became a regular in the Penang music scene, performing at various venues such as Bagan, China House and GSpot.
After moving to Kuala Lumpur, she began making waves in the music industry in Malaysia with regular performances at prestigious music venues such as No Black Tie, Mezze and Alexis. In May, she traveled to London in the hope of meeting producers and other musicians. It was there that she met Amy Winehouse's guitarist Robbin Banerjee. The two would go on to record a music video together in late 2011 and later to perform multiple sold-out shows at No Black Tie in 2016 and again in 2019.
As of 2020, Logan was working on her first studio album. Self-titled, "Dasha Logan" is expected to be released in December 2020.
This biographical article related to an Australian boxer is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
In geometry, the parabidiminished rhombicosidodecahedron is one of the Johnson solids (J80). It is also a canonical polyhedron.
A Johnson solid is one of 92 strictly convex polyhedra that is composed of regular polygon faces but are not uniform polyhedra (that is, they are not Platonic solids, Archimedean solids, prisms, or antiprisms). They were named by Norman Johnson, who first listed these polyhedra in 1966.
It can be constructed as a rhombicosidodecahedron with two opposing pentagonal cupolae removed. Related Johnson solids are the diminished rhombicosidodecahedron  (J76) where one cupola is removed, the metabidiminished rhombicosidodecahedron (J81) where two non-opposing cupolae are removed and the tridiminished rhombicosidodecahedron (J83) where three cupolae are removed.
Ventures Platform (VP) is an African early stage investment fund that supports startup companies in Africa..  If a startup team has successfully introduced a Minimum Viable Product into a marketplace with existing positive offline indicators, VP will support the startup, 
(VP) was launched by Kola Aina  on 3 June 2016 as an accelerator program for technology startups.  It is headquartered in Lagos.
Between 2016 and 2017, VP invested in over 20 companies including Mobileforms, Wesabi, Payconnect, Jalo, Proteach, Lizzie's creations, drivers.ng, myPadi.ng, Accounteer, LastPrice, VivaXD and ThriveAgric In 2017, VP expanded to Lagos.
In 2020, VP launched the iNOVO accelerator with Startupbootcamp to invest in Agriple, Farmer First Technologies, Rural Farmers Hub, Afrilearn, DigiLearns, Schoola, Gleeworld Pharmacy, Pharmaserv Health Project, and Wellvis.
Events include: Aso Villa Demo Day 2016 BootCamp, Slush 2016 Local Competition, CodeBusAfrica, SheLeadsAfrica speed networking night, Starta Silicon Drinkup, Techstars Atlanta in Abuja.
Ventures Platform Foundation is the social impact arm of Ventures Platform that builds and supports social impact tech-entrepreneurs in Africa.
This article related to members of the insect family Ulidiidae is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
He was a native of Saint Louis, Missouri.  As a child, he attended the Pleasant Green Missionary Baptist Church along with his mother, Martha Bass, a member of The Clara Ward Singers gospel group. His sister was R&B/soul singer Fontella Bass.
David Peaston was also a veteran of traveling gospel plays such as "Momma Don't." Singer Cheryl Pepsii Riley toured with him in "Momma Don't" and other shows. He enlisted on the gospel show "His Woman, His Wife: The Musical," touring across the U.S. In his last years, he still ran Pea-Stain Productions, his own production company.
Peaston died from complications of diabetes in St. Louis, Missouri, on February 1, 2012, at the age of 54.
The Angelina & Neches River Authority (ANRA) is an independent government agency in Texas. It was established in 1949 or 1950, though it did not become active until the 1970s.
The Angelina & Neches River Authority receives its governance from a nine-member Board of Directors, who are appointed by the Governor of Texas for six-year terms. The board serves to create policy and provide oversight. The agency receives no tax revenues from the state and is not able to levy taxes. It gets its money through consumer payments for its services.
A company known as Tomlin Infrastructure Group is partnered with the Angelina & Neches River Authority for a water supply operation based on surface water. This is highly unusual, as surface water supply operations are typically done by the private sector.
The Angelina & Neches River Authority was established in 1949 or 1950 as the Neches River Conservation District, which was formed from the Sabine-Neches River Conservation District, which was itself established in 1935. The agency was not active until the 1970s, when a nine-member Board of Directors was appointed by then-governor of Texas, Preston Smith.
In the 1980s, the Angelina & Neches River Authority was contracted by the Texas Department of Water Resources to carry out studies on sewage treatment. One such study was a study of seven municipal sewage treatment plants in East Texas in 1982. Another study, in 1985, concerned sludge disposal methods for sewage treatment plants in the upper part of the Neches River watershed.
Glen Grant is a distillery founded in 1840 in Rothes, Speyside, that produces single malt Scotch whisky.  Previously owned by Chivas Brothers Ltd, best known for their Chivas Regal blended scotch whisky, Glen Grant was purchased by the Italian company Campari Group in December 2005.  It is the biggest selling single malt Scotch whisky in Italy.
Glen Grant was founded in 1840, by brothers John and James Grant, two former illegal distillers and smugglers who decided to take out a license. With the sea and port of Garmouth nearby, the River Spey at its feet and barley-growing plains nearby, all the basic ingredients of malt whisky were close at hand. This time the distillery was legal.
In 1931, Major Grant, the last Glengrant, died, survived by his three daughters and a distillery that had become one of the most famous in the world. Douglas MacKessack, his grandson, was to become his successor.
In 1972, the Glenlivet and Glen Grant Distilleries Ltd amalgamated with the blending concerns of Hill, Thomson and Co.Ltd and Longmorn Distilleries Ltd to become The Glenlivet Distillers Ltd. The original family interest in the distilleries was maintained, with two substantial outside shareholders: Courage Ltd, the brewing concern and Suntory Ltd, the Japanese distilling company.
In 2006, Campari acquired Glen Grant, its only whisky, when Allied Domecq was acquired by Pernod Ricard. To this day, Glen Grant continues to be one of the biggest selling single malts worldwide.
Scotland's Malt Whisky Trail is a tourism initiative featuring seven working Speyside distilleries including Glen Grant, a historic distillery (Dallas Dhu, now a museum) and the Speyside Cooperage.  According to a BBC article, visitors can tour the distillery and warehouse, .
She is the widow of football coach Joe Paterno, who led the Penn State Nittany Lions from 1966 to 2011.
Suzanne Pohland was born on February 14, 1940 in Latrobe, Pennsylvania. She studied English literature at Penn State University, where she met then-assistant coach Joe Paterno. Shortly after her graduation in 1962, Joe and Sue were married. She taught at a local school in Centre County, Pennsylvania for a year before leaving to give birth to her first child, Diana.
Joe and Sue had 5 children together: Diana, Mary Kay, David, Scott, and Jay; they all graduated from Penn State.
Together, Joe and Sue Paterno donated millions of dollars to Penn State and to other charities, most notably, the Special Olympics.
In 2010, Sue Paterno led the charge to build a Catholic student faith center on the Penn State University Park campus. The Suzanne Pohland Paterno Catholic Student Faith Center opened in 2012.
Ordained to the priesthood in 1963, Barahona Castillo served as auxiliary of the Catholic Diocese of San Vicente, El Salvador, from 1982 to 1983. He then served as diocesan bishop of the San Vincente Diocese from 1983 to 2005.
This article about a Catholic bishop from El Salvador is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
George Robinson is a former football (soccer) player who represented New Zealand at international level.
This biographical article related to New Zealand association football is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
The 2023 Seville City Council election, also the 2023 Seville municipal election, will be held on Sunday, 28 May 2023, to elect the 12th City Council of the municipality of Seville. All 31 seats in the City Council will be up for election. The election will be held simultaneously with regional elections in at least seven autonomous communities and local elections all throughout Spain.
The City Council of Seville (Spanish: Ayuntamiento de Sevilla) is the top-tier administrative and governing body of the municipality of Seville, composed of the mayor, the government council and the elected plenary assembly. Elections to the local councils in Spain are fixed for the fourth Sunday of May every four years.
The mayor is indirectly elected by the plenary assembly. A legal clause requires that mayoral candidates earn the vote of an absolute majority of councillors, or else the candidate of the most-voted party in the assembly shall be automatically appointed to the post. In the event of a tie, the appointee will be determined by lot.
 Below is a list of the main parties and electoral alliances which will likely contest the election:
This biographical article related to an English cricket person born in the 1910s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Toronto International Film Festival People's Choice Award for Documentaries is an annual film award, presented by the Toronto International Film Festival to the film rated as the year's most popular documentary film with festival audiences. The award was first introduced in 2009; prior to its introduction, documentary films were eligible for the Toronto International Film Festival People's Choice Award.
The voting process is the same as for the feature film People's Choice: at each documentary film screening, attendees are invited to "vote" for the film by leaving their ticket stubs in voting boxes outside the theatre after the show.
Nobin Chandra Das left his confectionery business to his only son Krishna Chandra Das. Krishna pioneered an exploratory spirit in the family confectionery business, enabling it to grow as a leading Indian confectioner.
Sapporo - Iwamizawa - (Bibai) - (Sunagawa) - Takikawa - Fukagawa - Asahikawa - Kamikawa - (Shirataki) - (Maruseppu) - Engaru - Ikutahara - Rubeshibe - Kitami - Bihoro - Memanbetsu - Abashiri
Okhotsk services are normally formed of 4-car KiHa 183 series diesel multiple unit (DMU) trains as shown below, with car 1 at the Sapporo and Abashiri end (train reverses at Engaru Station).
From the start of the revised timetable in October 1961, services were upgraded to "Express" status, and were operated using KiHa 56 4-car DMU formations, including a KiRo 26 Green (first class) car.
From the start of the revised timetable on 2 October 1972, services were upgraded to "Limited express" status, and were operated using KiHa 80 series DMU formations.
From the start of the revised timetable in November 1986, the KiHa 80 series rolling stock was replaced with KiHa 183 series 6-car DMUs.
JR Hokkaido operates seasonal SL Okhotsk services formed of 14 series passenger coaches hauled by a JNR Class C11 steam locomotive and assisted by a JNR Class DE15 diesel locomotive.
The first sections near Werder, Schwanebeck and Spreeau were opened between 1936 and the outbreak of World War II in 1939 as part of the Reichsautobahn program. Construction works were not resumed until 1972, when the East German authorities began to complete the orbital, in order to bypass West Berlin on the way from the capital East Berlin to Potsdam and the motorways leading to Magdeburg and Leipzig.  The final stretch opened in 1979.
Deon Birtwistle (born 4 September 1980 in Launceston) is an Australian former lightweight rower. He was twice a national champion, an U23 World Champion and a silver medallist at the 2003 World Championships.
Birtwistle came into Tasmanian state contention at a time when his state dominated Australian lightweight rowing. He was down the order behind seasoned national champions Shane Broad, Samuel Beltz, Darren Balmforth and Simon Burgess. It was 2003 before Birtwistle was selected to represent Tasmania in the men's lightweight four who contested and won the Penrith Cup at the Interstate Regatta within the Australian Rowing Championships. It was his only Penrith Cup appearance.
In 2009 in North Esk colours and rowing in a composite Tasmanian eight, Birtwistle won the national lightweight eight championship title at the Australian Rowing Championships. 
Birtwistle made his Australian representative debut in a lightweight quad scull at the 2002 World Rowing Cup II in Lucerne. He then raced in that same quad that year at the World Rowing U23 Championships in Genoa to a gold medal. In 2003 he was elevated to the Australian senior lightweight squad. He competed in the lightweight quad at the 2003 World Rowing Cup III in Lucerne. Then at the 2003 World Rowing Championships in Milan he raced in the bow seat of the quad scull to a silver medal.
In Sichuan province, in an area incorporating the traditional Tibetan areas Kham and Amdo, Tibetan monks and police clashed in riots on 16 March in Ngaba county (Aba) after the monks staged a protest. It formed part of the 2008 Tibetan unrest and was one of two major events to happen in Sichuan during 2008, the other being the 2008 Sichuan earthquake in May 2008.
On 16 March, Tibetan monks staged a protest against its harsh treatment by the Chinese government. The word got out and the police became involved. The monks and local residents clashed with police, killing at least one policeman, and setting fire to three or four police vans.[citation needed]
In Aba, an eyewitness said 17 people were killed, including a young girl that attended middle school. By 18 March, the witness described the area as teeming with police and soldiers, and the people as anxious. Protests continued for several days.
On 24 March, AP reports that Chinese state-run Xinhua said "381 people involved in protests...had surrendered to police" in Aba, which was not verified by independent sources.
As reported by the BBC, the unverified reports in Sichuan and the "expulsions and restrictions of foreigners, and uncorroborated reports of vast convoys of paramilitaries entering areas of unrest, raise fears that the government has created a "black box" in which its security personnel can take action without scrutiny."
The BBC also reports, "Unrest was also said to have flared again in Aba, Sichuan, where there are claims that police shot between 13 and 30 protesters after a police station was set on fire. Like Tibetan exiles' claims that at least 80 have died in Lhasa, the reports of deaths are impossible to verify because of the restrictions on journalists."
During the week of 22 March, authorities and security forces in the city of Chengdu, the capital of Sichuan, locked down a Tibetan neighborhood located near the Southwest University for Nationalities and the Wu Hou Temple. The lockdown comes amid unconfirmed reports of Tibetan protests earlier in the week and unconfirmed reports of a stabbing attack of a Han Chinese man by a Tibetan. Cars and other vehicles are not allowed to drive through the neighborhood, which has a large police presence.
In Sichuan's Ngaba prefecture, Chinese authorities fired on protestors. The Tibetan government-in-exile's Central Tibetan Administration states the police shot and killed 19 people during the protest. The Chinese authorities denied killing anyone. Photographs of bodies with bullet wounds were released by a rights group.
The Foreign Correspondents Club of China has reported "official interference with journalists in Chengdu", and that travel by foreign journalists to other areas of the province has been restricted.
On Monday, 24 March 2008 in Drango county, Garze prefecture, a Tibetan rights group reports 200 monks, nuns, and ordinary people gathered to march before clashes with police began. Police fired shots into the crowd, killing a monk and critically wounding another monk, as reported to Associated Press by the Tibetan Center for Human Rights and Democracy (TCHRD).
On 25 March, Chinese state-run Xinhua News Agency, citing local authorities, reported that one police officer was dead and "several others" injured, as sympathy protests spread in western Tibet, and added the police were "forced to fire warning shots" and had "dispersed the lawless mobsters."
On 27 and 30 March, the suicides by two monks in Amdo have been reported by TCHRD as an act of freeing from oppression. Independent verification is however outstanding.
South West is a constituency represented in the London Assembly.  It was represented, since its creation in 2000, by Tony Arbour, a Conservative from Richmond upon Thames. Following Tony Arbour's retirement, the seat was won by Nicholas Rogers in the 2021 election.
It covers the combined area of the London Borough of Hounslow, the Royal Borough of Kingston upon Thames, and the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames.
Below are the results for the candidate which received the highest share of the popular vote in the constituency at each mayoral election.
This article about the geography of Henry County, Iowa is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Court Clerk's Office-County & Circuit, on East Court St. in Greensburg, Kentucky, was built in 1818.  It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
It is Federal in style, and was built of dry stone construction, the best building method available during Kentucky's settlement period.  The building served as the clerk's office until 1842.  After 1877 it was the home of "Aunt Eunice", a former slave.  The building was later bought and repaired by the City of Greensburg.
This article about a property in Green County, Kentucky on the National Register of Historic Places is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Burdur is located in the Lakes Region of Turkey and has many lakes of various sizes, the largest of which, Burdur Lake, is named after the province. Salda Lake is the second largest lake in the province and is considered to be one of the cleanest lakes in the world.
This article about a Mediterranean Region of Turkey location is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Pre-Islamic Arabic can be considered a polycentric language. In Arabic-speaking countries different levels of polycentricity can be detected. Modern Arabic is a pluricentric language with varying branches correlating with different regions where Arabic is spoken and the type of communities speaking it. The vernacular varieties of Arabic include:
In addition, many speakers use Modern Standard Arabic in education and formal settings. Therefore, in Arabic-speaking communities, diglossia is frequent.
The Armenian language is a pluricentric language with the liturgical Classical Armenian and two vernacular standards, Eastern Armenian and Western Armenian. Speakers outside of the former Armenian Soviet Socialist Republic (including all Western Armenians as well as Eastern Armenians in Iran) use the Classical Armenian orthography, while others adopt the reformed Armenian alphabet.
British and American English are the two most commonly taught varieties in the education systems where English is taught as a second language. British English tends to predominate in other parts of Europe and the former British colonies of the West Indies, Africa, and Asia, where English is not the first language of the majority of the population. In contrast, American English tends to dominate instruction in Latin America, Liberia, and East Asia.
Philippine English (which is predominantly spoken as a second language) has been primarily influenced by American English. The rise of the call center industry in the Philippines has encouraged some Filipinos to "polish" or neutralize their accents to make them more closely resemble the accents of their client countries.
Countries such as Australia, New Zealand, and Canada have their own well-established varieties of English which are the standard within those countries but are far more rarely taught overseas to second language learners.[citation needed]
English was historically pluricentric when it was used across the independent kingdoms of England and Scotland prior to the Acts of Union in 1707. English English and Scottish English are now subsections of British English.
In the modern era, there are several major loci of the French language, including Standard French (also known as Parisian French), Canadian French (including Quebec French and Acadian French), American French (for instance, Louisiana French), Haitian French, and African French.
Malayalam is a pluricentric language with historically more than one written form. Malayalam script is officially recognized, but there are other standardized varieties such as Arabi Malayalam of Mappila Muslims, Karshoni of Saint Thomas Christians and Judeo-Malayalam of Cochin Jews.
The Persian language has three standard varieties with official status in Iran (locally known as Farsi), Afghanistan (officially known as Dari), and Tajikistan (officially known as Tajik). The standard forms of the three are based on the Tehrani, Kabuli, and Dushanbe varieties, respectively.
The Persian alphabet is used for both Farsi (Iranian) and Dari (Afghan). Traditionally, Tajiki is also written with Perso-Arabic script. In order to increase literacy, a Latin alphabet (based on the Common Turkic Alphabet) was introduced in 1917. Later in the late 1930s, the Tajik Soviet Socialist Republic promoted the use of Cyrillic alphabet, which remains the most widely used system today. Attempts to reintroduce the Perso-Arabic script were made.
The language spoken by Bukharan Jews is called Bukhori (or Bukharian), and is written in Hebrew alphabet.
Brazilian and European Portuguese currently have two distinct, albeit similar, spelling standards. A unified orthography for the two varieties (including a limited number of words with dual spelling) has been approved by the national legislatures of Brazil and Portugal and is now official; see Spelling reforms of Portuguese for additional details. Formal written standards remain grammatically close to each other, despite some minor syntactic differences.
Spanish has both national and regional linguistic norms, which vary in terms of vocabulary, grammar, and pronunciation, but all varieties are mutually intelligible and the same orthographic rules are shared throughout.
In Spain, Standard Spanish is based upon the speech of educated speakers from Madrid. All varieties spoken in the Iberian Peninsula are grouped as Peninsular Spanish. Canarian Spanish (spoken in the Canary Islands), along with Spanish spoken in the Americas (including Spanish spoken in the United States, Central American Spanish, Mexican Spanish, Andean Spanish, and Caribbean Spanish), are particularly related to Andalusian Spanish.
The United States is now the world's second-largest Spanish-speaking country after Mexico in total number of speakers (L1 and L2 speakers). A report said there are 41 million L1 Spanish speakers and another 11.6 million L2 speakers in the U.S. This puts the US ahead of Colombia (48 million) and Spain (46 million) and second only to Mexico (121 million).
The Spanish of Latin Americans has a growing influence on the language across the globe through music, culture and television produced using the language of the largely bilingual speech community of US Latinos.
Tamil is diglossic, with the literary variant used in books, poetry, speeches and news broadcasts while the spoken variant is used in everyday speech, online messaging and movies. While there are significant differences in the standard spoken forms of the different countries, the literary register is mostly uniform, with some differences in semantics that are not perceived by native speakers. There has been no attempt to compile a dictionary of Sri Lankan Tamil.
As a result of the Pure Tamil Movement, Indian Tamil tends to avoid loanwords to a greater extent than Sri Lankan Tamil. Coinages of new technical terms also differ between the two. Tamil policy in Singapore and Malaysia tends to follow that of Tamil Nadu regarding linguistic purism and technical coinages.
There are some spelling differences, particularly in the greater use of Grantha letters to write loanwords and foreign names in Sri Lanka, Singapore and Malaysia. The Tamil Nadu script reform of 1978 has been accepted in Singapore and Malaysia, but not Sri Lanka.
Patricia Annie Kaliati is a Malawian politician and former educator who has held various ministerial positions in the Cabinet of Malawi.
Patricia Kaliati was born in 1967 in the village Nkando, Mulanje, Southern Region, Malawi. She trained as a teacher in 1988 receiving a  Primary School Teaching Certificate from Bembeke Teachers College and later obtained a Diploma in Human Resource Management. Upon completion of her formal education, she taught in primary and secondary schools from 1993 to 1999.  She is a staunch Catholic.
In the May 2009 elections Patricia Kaliati was again elected on the Democratic Progressive Party ticket. Kaliati was appointed Minister of Gender, Children and Community Development in the cabinet that became effective on 15 June 2009. She was dropped from the cabinet on 9 August 2010.  She was appointed Minister of Information and Civic Education in September 2011.
Summers appeared as Bertha/Clara in 32 episodes of The Andy Griffith Show and was one of only a few characters (the others being Andy Taylor, Aunt Bee, and Opie Taylor) who appeared in all eight seasons of the show's run. The character migrated to the show's spin-off series Mayberry R.F.D..
Clara is a descendant of the town's settlers, and a widow. (However, in Episode 14 of Season 6, she pointedly tells the guest character, Harlan Robinson, played by Woody Chambliss, that she is not "Mrs." but "Miss" Edwards.) She has a brother (who never appears on the show), and an adult nephew Ferdie, who makes one appearance. She also has a son, Gale, who never appears on the show. She occasionally looks after Sheriff Andy Taylor and son Opie, when their Aunt Bee is out of town.
Clara and Bee rival for the attentions of visiting single gentlemen, one of whom is Hubert Saint John,  who takes a fancy to Bee as she reminds him of his late wife. When Bee cuts ties, Clara attempts to charm him.
In season one of TAGS, the character appeared twice (including Episode #23) as "Bertha Edwards". In the second season she became "Clara Johnson" and remained so until the fifth-season episode "The Pageant," when she morphed into "Clara Edwards." She remained Clara Edwards until the end of the series' run with the exception of "Bargain Day" when Mr. Foley refers to her as Mrs. Johnson. In spite of the name changes, the character was the same.
The mid-island resort has an intentionally rustic theme and this property very much caters to kids. The rooms, grounds and location clearly accommodate a family crowd.
The rooms are spacious, clean and have kitchens and balconies. "South Carolina Lowcountry" is the theme and style of Disney's Hilton Head Island resort. The grounds are well-kept and modern, with amenities that include hammocks and grills.
Disney Hilton Head is top-heavy with activities for children, including nature programs, campfires, magic shows, "Kids Night Out", crabbing, art, swimming pool & pool games, biking, kayaking, tennis and more things to do.
The Disney Hilton Head resort is on Hilton Head's Broad Creek, which is technically a land locked tidal marsh. A shuttle bus transports guests to the Disney Beach House in Palmetto Dunes, which is about a mile-and-a-half away. There guests enjoy a private swimming pool with bathrooms and a snack shop right on the Atlantic Ocean.
Signals and Tide Me Over both serve American Casual themed lunch; however, at the main resort Tide Me Over also serves breakfast.
Sahlin began making puppets at age 11, initially building a shadow theater and cardboard figurines. As an adult he built several puppets for Kukla, Fran and Ollie and created special effects sequences for films such as G.I. Blues and The Time Machine.
This article about an artist from the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Dalian Neusoft University of Information is ranked 97th in WURI Global Top 100 Innovative Universities Ranking 2021.
The Dalian Neusoft University of Information opened in Dalian (Liaoning province) as a joint venture of Neusoft Group (60%) and Dalian Software Park Co., Ltd. (40%), as a private university attached to Northeastern University, Shenyang. 
In 2001, the Neusoft Institute Guangdong (Formerly known as Nanhai Neusoft Institute of Information) opened at Nanhai Software Park in Foshan (Guangdong province), as well as the Chengdu Neusoft University in Dujiangyan, near Chengdu (Sichuan Province).
During the Sichuan earthquake in 2008, the campus at Chengdu was damaged. Approximately 3,000 students had to move to the Dalian campus.
Each year, 4,000 new students are admitted to the Dalian campus. Graduation is possible in the following subjects:
Ray Mason was an Australian rugby league footballer who played in the 1950s for South Sydney as a halfback. He played for the club during their golden era in the 1950s, when the club won 5 premierships with Mason being a member in 3 of those premiership victories.
Mason coached the third grade South Sydney side from 1958 to 1965, and guided them to a premiership in 1963.  He was made a life member of the club in 1965, and served as a committee member.  Mason later became director of the South Sydney leagues club for seven years.
She contracted malaria during her work at the hospital, and its lasting effects meant that she could not work after the war. Her congressman, William W. Rice, recommended that she receive a federal pension for her service. She was granted a pension of $12 per month by an act of Congress, in 1887.
Adeliza Perry donated two eighteenth-century items to the American Antiquarian Society in 1866. She returned to educational work; she taught school in Worcester from 1867, and through the 1870s. She published two more books after the war, A Windfall (1880) and The Schoolmaster's Trial (1881).
Germany felt threatened by Russia, responding with its own mobilization and a declaration of war on 1 August 1914. At the outset of hostilities, Russian forces led offensives against both Germany and Austria-Hungary.
Defeat in the 1905 Russo-Japanese War and Britain's isolation during the 1899-1902 Second Boer War led both parties to seek allies. The Anglo-Russian Convention of 1907 settled disputes in Asia and allowed the establishment of the Triple Entente with France, which was still largely informal. In 1908, Austria-Hungary annexed the former Ottoman province of Bosnia and Herzegovina, and Russia responded by creating the Balkan League to prevent further Austrian expansion.
In the 1912-1913 First Balkan War, Serbia, Bulgaria and Greece captured most of the remaining Ottoman possessions in Europe. Disputes over their division resulted in the Second Balkan War in which Bulgaria was comprehensively defeated by its former allies.
On 30 July, Russia declared general mobilisation in support of Serbia. On 1 August, Germany declared war on Russia, followed by Austria-Hungary on the 6th. Russia and the Entente declared war on the Ottoman Empire in November 1914, after Ottoman warships had bombarded the Black Sea port of Odessa in late October. Unlike its Allies, the Russian Empire was one contiguous landmass, but it also considered itself the defender of its fellow Slavs in places like Serbia.
At the outbreak of war, each of the European powers began to publish selected, and sometimes misleading, compendia of diplomatic correspondence, seeking to establish justification for their own entry into the war, and to cast blame on other actors. The first of these color books to appear was the German White Book which appeared on 4 August 1914, the same day as Britain's war declaration. The British Blue Book came out two days later, followed by the Russian Orange Book in mid-August.
Gradually, a war of attrition set in on the vast Eastern Front; the Russians were facing the combined forces of Germany and Austria-Hungary and suffered staggering losses. General Anton Denikin, retreating from Galicia wrote:
Historians on the origin of the First World War have emphasized the role of Germany and Austria-Hungary. The consensus of scholars includes scant mention of Russia and only brief mentions of Russia's defense of Orthodox Serbia, its pan-Slavic roles, its treaty obligations with France, and its concern for protecting its status as a great power.
Since 2019 he remains under arrest for a wide variety of crimes. He is charged with money laundering, tax evasion and document fraud.
Nikolai Banev graduated from the Russian Language School in Haskovo, then Bulgarian Philology at Plovdiv University "of Plovdiv" and Labour Economics at HIE "Karl Marx".
In 1990 he created one of the first private companies in Bulgaria. The company starts as one of the first security companies in Haskovo. Founders are Nikolai Banev Rosen Arakliev, the son of the commander of the partisan unit "Zlatarov" Ivan Arakliev Regiment. Kostadinov.
In 2000, he bought about 70 thousand. USD complex "Kavaci" and camping "Garden", "Kavaci", "Goldfish", "Veselie" and "Chernomorets", Sozopol residence and restaurant "Wine Cellar" Tavern "and" horizon 'in Sozopol.
Nikolai Banev was accused in dozens of cases of deliberate bankruptcy of over 100 privatized enterprises. Banev were brought against dozens of civil claims by residents of the town usurpation of private property and unauthorized use. Lawsuits are kept for unpaid wages of employees in numerous companies.
Chairman and member of several non-profit organizations, including "Democracy Network"; "Southern Spring"; International Music Academy "Rusalka" and others.
In 1997/98, he was president of PFC "Pirin" Blagoevgrad, briefly sponsor of September (Sofia), then became the owner of Beroe.
Nikolai Banev had three marriages. His first wife, Krasimira, had a daughter. His second wife was a poet and public figure, Dochka Baneva, who died in 2005, from which they had a son. The third wife of Nicholas Banev is Eugenia Baneva who is the CEO of TX Rusalka Holidays. By Eugenia Baneva they have four children. Banev has a grandson.
They were nominated for the Latin Grammy Awards of 2004 in the category "Best New Artist" but lost to Maria Rita. They were nominated again for the Latin Grammy Awards of 2009 in the category "Best Tropical Song".
He played his first match for the Namibian cricket team in December 2006, as an opening batsman. In the second innings of his cricketing career, he was dismissed for a golden duck by Jandre Coetzee.
This biographical article related to Namibian cricket is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Subsequently, Coughlan applied for judicial review of the Health Authority's decision to close Mardon, and asserted that the Authority had acted unlawfully "in breaking the recent and unequivocal promise given by it that the applicant and their patients could lived there for as long as they chose".
The Health Authority appealed against the decision of the High Court to the Court of Appeal of England and Wales. It contended that the promise was not one that was absolute and unqualified, and there were compelling public interests which justified the Health Authority's decision to close Mardon House.
The Health Authority was unable to show that there were overriding public interest considerations which warranted a departure from the promise. The Court also took into account the fact that the Authority had failed to mention any alternative accommodation to be offered to the applicant. Thus, it concluded that the decision to close Mardon House constituted unfairness amounting to an abuse of power.
... a more precise, structured test of review than the notion of abuse of power applied in Coughlan. When faced with a conflict between a legitimate expectation and an administrative decision purporting to achieve some objective, the court would check whether that action was necessary and suited to attain the objective, and whether it imposed excessive burdens upon the individual.
Iain Steele goes so far as to say: "In Coughlan, proportionality is the test that dare not speak its name".
Stiliana's father, Iliya Dyakov was a football player who represented Bulgaria at the 1986 Football World Cup in Mexico. Her mother, Paulina Nikolova, was a group rhythmic gymnast, competing for Bulgaria and is the 1985 World Group All-Around champion. Stiliana has one sister, Paola, and a brother, Denis.
She competed at the 2019 Bulgarian Junior National Championships where she won gold medal in All-around, Ball and Ribbon final, and silver medal in Rope and Clubs final. She competed at the 2019 Junior World Championships in Moscow, Russia where she placed 8th in Team competition and 16th in Clubs qualifications.
W. Dale Warren is an American-born conductor. He is the senior Wind band director at the University of Arkansas and the professor of Music.
He was born in Greenville, Kentucky, United States. He attended Muhlenberg Central High School where he played the euphonium in the band under the director Joe Allen. Warren received his bachelor's degree in music education from Austin Peay State University. W. Dale Warren received his masters of Music Education from University of Kentucky.
Professor Warren worked at Bremen High School in Bremen, Kentucky (1980-1982) and at North Hardin High School in Radcliffe Kentucky (1982-1986). Warren was also the Associate band director at the University of Kentucky (1986-1991). Former University of Arkansas Razorback Marching band (1991-2000). Current senior wind band director at the University of Arkansas.
Professor Warren has six guest appearances with the UA wind symphony at College Band Directors National Association. In 2000 the University of Arkansas performed at Carnegie Hall in New York City. During Warren's tenure as the director of the University of Arkansas Razorback Marching Band performed for President Bill Clinton multiple times and performed as the Grand Finale Band St. Patrick's Day Parade in Dublin, Ireland.
Born in Marseille, France, she was the daughter of Henri Louis Firmin Clair Simon, a  French Jewish engineer and airplane pilot in World War II who died in a concentration camp, and Erma Maria Domenica Giorcelli, an Italian housewife. Before settling and growing up in Marseille, Simon lived in Madagascar, Budapest, Turin, and Berlin. She went to Paris in 1931 and worked briefly as a singer, model, and fashion designer. She also at one point wanted to become a sculptor.
She returned to France to act, and appeared in La Ronde (Roundabout, 1950). Her film roles were few after this and she made her final film appearance in 1973.
In 2011, British actor and writer Stephen Mosley paid tribute to her in his acclaimed book of strange tales The Boy Who Loved Simone Simon.
Duane Paul Ludwig (born August 4, 1978) is an American mixed martial arts coach, retired professional kickboxer and mixed martial artist.
Ludwig was trained by Bas Rutten during his early career. Although not an official title match, Ludwig nonetheless beat Jens Pulver, who was at the time ranked as the #1 Lightweight mixed martial artist in the world by many outlets, by first round K.O.
On December 17, it was announced that Ludwig was set to return to the UFC at UFC 108, facing Jim Miller, replacing an injured Sean Sherk. He lost to Miller via armbar in the first round.
Ludwig was scheduled to face Spencer Fisher on March 21, 2010, at UFC LIVE: Vera vs. Jones, but Fisher was forced off the card with an injury.  Ludwig instead faced UFC newcomer Darren Elkins.  Ludwig lost via TKO after he suffered a serious ankle injury during the first round.
Ludwig was expected to face Amir Sadollah on March 26, 2011, at UFC Fight Night 24, but was unable to fight due to a sternum injury.  James Wilks took his place in the match instead.
Ludwig vs. Sadollah eventually took place on August 14, 2011, at UFC on Versus 5. Ludwig won the fight via unanimous decision (29-28, 29-28, 29-28). Ludwig outstruck and rocked Sadollah in both the first and second rounds while also showing greatly improved takedown defense throughout the fight.
Ludwig next faced Josh Neer on January 20, 2012, at UFC on FX: Guillard vs. Miller.  Despite hurting Neer on several occasions via punches, Ludwig lost the fight via technical submission in the first round.
Ludwig fought Dan Hardy on May 26, 2012, at UFC 146. Ludwig suffered a knockout loss to Hardy when he was hit by a flush left hook and followed up elbows.
Ludwig faced Che Mills on September 29, 2012, at UFC on Fuel TV 5.  The bout was stopped after Ludwig was unable to continue after tearing a knee ligament while attempting to defend a takedown in the opening round.
From December 2012 to May 2014, Ludwig was the head coach at Team Alpha Male. Ludwig left Team Alpha Male after UFC 173 to focus on growing his own gym, BANG Muay Thai.
Ludwig and his wife Jessica have three children; one daughter Jade, a son named Duane Jr., on November 10, 2010, and a son named Carter Bas Ludwig born in 2013.  Before becoming a professional fighter, Ludwig used to work as an electrician.
Before his move to Colorado, Ludwig previously served as the camp's head coach, where his impact was believed to have had the "missing link" in elevating the team as one of the gold standards for training camps in the world. Ludwig has been voted the Coach of the Year in 2013 and 2014.  Ludwig was considered the key element in helping Team Alpha Male win Gym of the Year in 2013 by the World MMA Awards.
Ludwig created BANG Muay Thai system (or BMT) which is a Muay Thai system. The philosophy draws upon experience from Ludwig's career and coaches such as Bas Rutten and Trevor Wittman.  The system is a striking style which includes Muay Thai, Dutch kickboxing, American boxing and traditional martial arts. Approximately 40 schools teach BMT.[citation needed]
In October 2010, Ludwig opened his own Mixed Martial Arts Academy known as "Ludwig Martial Arts" where he trains fighters such as former UFC Bantamweight Champion TJ Dillashaw and perennial UFC Flyweight contender Joseph Benavidez as well as several others.
Central High School is a public high school located in the unincorporated community of Pollok and classified as a 3A school by the UIL. It is part of the Central Independent School District serving students in northwest Angelina County, Texas. In 2015, the school was rated "Met Standard" by the Texas Education Agency.
Juvenile xanthogranuloma  is a form of histiocytosis, classified as "non-Langerhans cell histiocytosis", or more specifically, "type 2".
This article about an artist from the United Kingdom is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about a church building or other Christian place of worship in Poland is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Enfant Bastard (also known as Les Enfant Bastard) is the performing name for Cameron 'Cammy' Watt, a musician and artist formerly based in Edinburgh, Scotland who has released albums spanning a number of genres including indie, alt-folk, Lo-fi, Chip music and House. He now resides in Gothenburg, Sweden where we works as an artist.
Enfant Bastard was a prominent member of Edinburgh's alternative music scene of the 2000s alongside artists such as Meursault and Withered Hand. His work has been critically acclaimed in the Scottish music press, and he has been described by The Scotsman as 'Edinburgh's most beguiling musical innovator' and as a 'lo-fi genius' by The Skinny. He was also important in introducing Chip Music to Scotland.
He moved to Gothenburg in 2012, where he now works as an artist. He held his first solo exhibition in Spring 2014 at the Lilla Galeriet. His artwork has appeared on the cover of releases by Wet Paint and Meursault.
His early releases were largely guitar based songs described variously as indie, folk, and anti-folk. He later began releasing music in the chip tune genre, recorded mostly using a game boy, and he became influential in introducing the genre to Scotland, paving the way for artists such as Unicorn Kid.
The Hogarth Shakespeare project was an effort by Hogarth Press to retell works by William Shakespeare for a more modern audience. To do this, Hogarth commissioned well-known writers to select and re-imagine the plays.
Additionally, as far back as 2014, Gillian Flynn was supposed to be working on a re-telling of Hamlet, eventually due for release in 2021. but there is no longer a mention of this on the website of the publisher.
In June 2013, Random House announced the Hogarth Shakespeare series, as part of which well-known novelists re-tell a selection of Shakespeare's plays. Hogarth intended to release the series in 2016 to coincide with the four-hundredth anniversary of Shakespeare's death. 
The Hogarth Shakespeare series intends to reimagine the entire canon, but no other adaptations have been announced. Sometimes before March 2021, what was the official URL for the series (hogarthshakespeare.com) started to link to the site of an online magazine specialising in animes and mangas, called Anime Shakespeare, which, together with the lack of an announcement for a new title in over two years, seems to imply that the project has been quietly shut down by Hogarth/Penguin.
Winterson's The Gap of Time was a finalist for the 2016 Lambda Literary Awards in the category Bisexual Fiction.
His major works include Reflections on Fieldwork in Morocco (1977 and 2007), Michel Foucault: Beyond Structuralism and Hermeneutics (1983) (with Hubert Dreyfus), The Foucault Reader (1984), French Modern: Norms and Forms of the Social Environment (1989), Making PCR: A Story of Biotechnology (1993), Essays on the Anthropology of Reason (1996), Anthropos Today: Reflections on Modern Equipment (2003), and Marking Time: On the Anthropology of the Contemporary (2007).
As such, the Anthropology of the Contemporary consists of analytic work that helps develop modes of inquiry into under-determined, emergent and discordant relations. It seeks to develop methods, practices, and forms of inquiry and narration coherent and co-operable with understandings of the mode (or modes) taken by anthropos as figure and an assemblage today.
Inquiry into the contemporary is both analytic and synthetic. It is analytic in that sets of relations must be decomposed and specified, synthetic in that these relations must be recomposed and given new form. In this sense, work on the contemporary falls within a zone of analytic consideration in that it consists of linking the recent past to the near future and the near future to the recent past.
If the challenge of contemporary equipment is to develop a mode of thinking as ethical practice, it also involves the design or redesign of venues within which such formation is possible. Rabinow deals directly with the problem of venues in the work Synthetic Anthropos (with Gaymon Bennett) (2009). In that work Rabinow and Bennett argue that the question of where and how the composition of equipment takes place is itself a primary problem site.
Rabinow called for the invention of new modes of collaboration where problem-spaces are unstable or emergent, and where prior problems and their significance can no longer be taken for granted and can fruitfully be contested. Such situations require the reworking of existing modes of reasoning and intervention, adjusting these modes to the topography of the emerging problem-space. It follows that collaboration is a mode of work appropriate to the anthropology of the contemporary
Case work functions as an exercise in framing problems so as to identify potentially significant elements, relations, and interfaces. Case work underscores questions of how such material should be presented. Case work can indicate strengths and weaknesses in the venues in which inquiry is initiated and formed. Casework, therefore, is an essential aspect of inquiry neither reducible to theory nor an end-in-itself.
(d) New Venues of Knowledge and Commerce: The Rise of Biotech Start-up Companies, (Cetus Corporation 1980s).
(f) Philosophy as Inquiry: Fieldwork in Philosophy (Encountering Hubert Dreyfus, Robert Bellah and Michel Foucault, 1976-84).
The Wabash Canal was completed in 1843 and the Miami and Erie Canal in 1845, but they only operated for about ten years before they started shutting down. The last canalboat on the Wabash canal made its last docking in 1874 in Huntington, Indiana, but other sections shut down years earlier. For instance, the section through Fort Wayne, Indiana had been sold in 1870, and filled in so the Pennsylvania Railroad could lay tracks. 
For twenty years, the reservoir provided little for area residents but a mosquito-breeding ground for the spread of "ague", a local term for what was later recognized as malaria. An effort had been made to have the State of Ohio abandon the reservoir, but the bill failed to pass. 
On the night of April 25, 1887, a band of some 200 men, residents of the county, proceeded to the lower end of the reservoir. They captured the guard and tended to his minor self-inflicted gunshot wounds; nobody else fired a shot. The band dynamited two locks, and spent the entire night cutting the dikes with pick and spade. Although this still did not entirely drain the reservoir, it was mortally wounded. The reservoir and canal were later abandoned by the state. 
The band attacking the reservoir wall carried a flag bearing the slogan, "No Compromise!"  The seal of Paulding County, Ohio bears this motto today.
Football Huddle was a Canadian sports talk show television series which aired on CBC Television in 1960.
This talk show concerned Canadian football topics, particularly college football. Series regulars on the panel were sportscasters Steve Douglas and Fred Sgambati with Lou Agase, who coached the Toronto Argonauts. Various guests were featured on their panel.
This half-hour series was broadcast on Friday evenings at various times from September to December 1960.
He is a professor at Tama Art University (Painting Department printmaking course), a member of "The Japan Print Association" and a member of "Japan Artists Association, Inc.".
British Museum / Royal Academy of arts (the U.K.) Rue yellowtail hole international print center (Slovenia) Washington State University / Pueblo Museum (U.S.A.) Guanajuato state establishment Alhondiga de Granaditas Museum / Diego Rivera Museum (Mexico) Ticotin Japan Museum (Israel) New South Wales art museum (Australia) New Zealand National Gallery (New Zealand) Taipei City art museum (the Republic of China) Silpakorn University (Thailand) Ilmin Museum (Korea)
Year 71 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. At the time it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Lentulus and Orestes (or, less frequently, year 683 Ab urbe condita). The denomination 71 BC for this year has been used since the early medieval period, when the Anno Domini calendar era became the prevalent method in Europe for naming years.
Peter Nworah (born 15 December 1990) is a Nigerian footballer who plays for Al-Markhiya as a forward .
This biographical article related to a football forward from Nigeria is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
It is a complex of buildings that is conformed by theaters, art school, galleries and cinema. From the beginning of functions, the Centro Cultural Genaro Estrada has been an essential space for the development of the cultural life of Sinaloa. Opened in 1980, with the purpose of encouraging artistic and cultural activity in the state, has been the forum in which various cultural programs have been developed covering the most diverse artistic activities aimed at all ages.
Since the 70s the building was abandoned by its partners. However, for all that meant as undisputed meeting place for the local society for many years, the casino was rescued in 1994 by a decree of expropriation by the municipality, which respected much of its original structure. Thus, and as Casino de la Cultura, again has a chance to be reused, this time as a cultural center.
The building is located within the Constitution Civic Center complex, that integrates libraries, sports areas and zoo. His style is inscribed within the mainstream of architectural functionalism, with a simplicity and effectiveness of that era.
The Sinaloa Art Museum (MASIN) is one of the most important venues for the exhibition of hundreds of visual arts assemblies in Culiacan: exhibitions of painting, sculpture, photography, drawing, graphics, installation, video and art-object; and is a key forum for performing arts, cultural and academic events, as concerts, book presentations, conferences, symposia and workshops of various artistic disciplines.
The building that houses it was built in 1837, and in 1890 it was remodeled by architect Luis F. Molina to become the Municipal Palace. From 1980 it was used as the headquarters of the municipal police. In 1990 it was renovated to accommodate the museum and opened as such on November 21, 1991.
Opened in December 958, is undoubtedly an icon of the city, the zoo, is its most iconic image; currently, hanged by the space and the problem of their livelihood, remains being one of the most popular recreation centers in the capital.
Wild Mouse is a steel roller coaster currently operating at Lagoon Amusement Park in Farmington, Utah.
Wild Mouse opened as a wooden roller coaster in 1965 after being relocated from the Seattle World's Fair. After operating in its location in Lagoon's North Midway, it was eventually retired in 1971. 
In 1973, the Wild Mouse roller coaster returned to Lagoon as "The New Wilder Wild Mouse." The new version of the ride was located at the South Midway, in the same location where the current Wild Mouse operates. Since this ride featured the same layout and look of the previous Wild Mouse, it's assumed this is the same ride installed in 1965. This version of the ride operated until 1989, when Lagoon decided to retire the Wild Mouse again. 
A common myth among local Utah residents is that one of these Wild Mouse coasters has had one or more severe accidents causing injury or death. However, there has been no verifiable evidence to conclude there has ever been a major incident on any Wild Mouse ride at Lagoon. 
Wild Mouse originally had a purple and yellow color scheme, but it was repainted green and yellow for the 2013 season. Cars are painted to look like cats or mice to fit the theme of the ride.
This biographical article about a Czech politician is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Klubi Sportiv Studenti is an Albanian sports club based in the country's capital Tirana, which represents the University of Tirana. The club consists of various departments including basketball, volleyball shooting and judo. The club is funded by the Ministry of Education and Sport
Michael Whitaker (born 17 March 1960) is a British Olympic equestrian rider, who competes in the sport of show jumping. He was ranked 5th by the British Showjumping Association in March 2014.
Younger brother of John Whitaker, Michael began competing on ponies at the age of 5. At the age of 16, he made his debut in international competitions and in 1980 he became the second youngest winner of the Hickstead Derby, at the age of 20. In September 1993 he took over from his brother John as the internationally top-ranked show jumping rider.[citation needed]
In December 1980, Michael married Belgian show jumper Veronique. They separated in 1997, and later divorced
Michael and Melissa married on the 13 August 2013 in a registry office in Nottinghamshire. They live at Whatton, Nottinghamshire with their children  Jack, Molly and Katy.
Memory is commonly referred to as the ability to encode, store, retain and subsequently recall information and past experiences in the human brain. This process involves many proteins, one of which is the Histone-binding protein RbAp48 (also known as RBBP4 or NURF55), encoded by the RBBP4 gene in humans.
The Horizon Air Summer Series was a unique 11-week baseball competition among collegiate summer baseball clubs.
The Summer Series was founded in 2005 by Bob Bavasi, former owner of the Everett Aqua Sox, of the Northwest League. It is sponsored by Alaska Airlines' sister company, Horizon Air. It is hosted by the Marysville Gold Sox of Marysville, California.
Among other leagues, teams from the Alaska Baseball League, West Coast Baseball League, Pacific International League, Southern California Collegiate Baseball Association, Sierra Baseball League, and California Collegiate League have competed in the series.
The series was originally made up of two divisions: The 40-game "McCullough Division" and the 20-game "Engelken Division". In 2008 the series was expanded with the addition of a third division, the "Bavasi Division", named after the series founder's father and former Brooklyn Dodger and Los Angeles Dodger General Manager Emil "Buzzie" Bavasi.
The grey nightjar (Caprimulgus jotaka) is a species of nightjar found in East Asia. It is sometimes treated as a subspecies of the jungle nightjar (C. indicus), its South Asian relative.
The family name originated in the adoption of the additional surname of 'Brock' by Thomas Clutton, J.P., D.L., of Pensax Court, Worcestershire, in 1809, as per a stipulation in the will of his maternal great-uncle, Thomas Brock, of Chester, Cheshire, in which county the Clutton family had been resident since the reign of Henry III.
Future Jihad: Terrorist Strategies Against America is a book by Middle East expert and scholar Walid Phares.
In this book Walid Phares presents his analysis of the Jihadist movement and the strategies it employs in its war against America and Western governments. Its influence in Republican circles was demonstrated by the fact that in 2007 it was listed as one of six books for the party's representatives to read during the summer recess.
This article about a book on politics of the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The construction works of the church started in November 1895 within the framework of the construction of the Neustadt district. The church was designed by architect Ludwig Becker from Mainz, whose preliminary draft was selected during an architectural competition in 1893. After several years of construction works, the church was consecrated on 28 May 1899. It was originally the church of the Catholic garrison of the city.
On 21 February 2013, the church was vandalised by a man who damaged about fifteen statues and laid an Islamic prayer rug and a Qur'an which he had stolen in a mosque. The man probably suffered from mental illness.
A 1897 cast of Paul Dubois's statue of Joan of Arc is located to the east of St Maurice's Church. The statue used to stand at the entrance of the church but was moved after Place Arnold was renovated.
The main altar shows the life of St. Maurice, while the upper crucifix is surrounded by representations of St. Mary and St. John.
The organ of the church was made by Friedrich Weigle in 1899. It has 43 stops and 3 keyboards, as follows:
Today, Sudbury retains its status as a market town with a twice-weekly market in the town centre in front of St Peter's Church, which is now a local community point for events such as concerts and exhibitions. In sport, the town has a semi-professional football club, A.F.C. Sudbury, which competes at the seventh level of the football pyramid.
The Church of All Saints was established in the 12th century before being bought by Adam the Monk, who then passed the church and its lands to the Abbey of St Albans. St Bartholemew's Benedictine Priory and the Chapel of Holy Sepulchre were also established in the 12th century.
A community of Dominicans established Sudbury Priory in the mid-13th century and gradually extended the size of their priory, which was one of three Dominican priories in the county of Suffolk. A leper hospital was founded on the outskirts of the town in 1272.
Sudbury was one of the first towns in which Edward III settled the Flemings, allowing the weaving and silk industries to prosper for centuries during the Late Middle Ages. As the main town in the area, Sudbury prospered too, and many great houses and churches were built, giving the town a major historical legacy. The Woolsack in the House of Lords was originally stuffed with wool from the Sudbury area, a sign of both the importance of the wool industry and of the wealth of the donors.
Sudbury and the surrounding area, like much of East Anglia, was a hotbed of Puritan sentiment during much of the 17th century. Sudbury was among the towns called "notorious wasps' nests of dissent." During the 1630s, many families departed for the Massachusetts Bay Colony as part of the wave of emigration that occurred during the Great Migration.
In 1705 the River Stour Navigation Act was passed in Parliament, and work was undertaken to make the river navigable all the way from Manningtree.
By the 18th century the fees charged to become a freeman, with voting rights, were exorbitant and the borough of Sudbury, along with 177 other English towns, was reformed by a Municipal Reform Act (1835).
The 1832 Reform Act saw the villages of Ballingdon and Brundon appended to the town. In the 1841 general election Sudbury became the first place in the UK to elect a member of an ethnic minority to parliament, with David Ochterlony Dyce Sombre, the son of an Indian queen, winning the seat. However, he was not allowed to take his place in parliament as he was subsequently declared insane.
A new workhouse was built in 1836 off Walnut Tree Lane, close to St Gregory's church. From 1946, with the foundation of the National Health Service, it became the local cottage hospital.
Sudbury's Catholic Church, Our Lady Immaculate and St. John the Evangelist, was designed by Leonard Stokes and erected in 1893. The shrine of Our Lady of Sudbury sits within its nave.
The Sudbury Society was formed in 1973 after a successful campaign to save the town's corn exchange from developers. However, in protecting its ancient centre the town has not shut itself off from modern development. As the town has expanded (to a population in 2005 of 12,080) modern retail and industrial developments have been added on sites close to the centre and on the eastern edge at Chilton. The 18th and 19th century houses near the town centre have been added to by modern developments.
Sudbury was a borough, with its headquarters at Sudbury Town Hall, until the local government reorganisation of 1974. Since then it has been a civil parish. Being an urban area the parish council and its chair are known as the 'Town Council' and 'Town Mayor' respectively. The parish is part of Babergh, a district covered by Suffolk County Council.
Sudbury is served by a daily newspaper, the East Anglian Daily Times, owned by the Archant group. There are also two weekly newspapers, both published on a Thursday. The Sudbury Mercury, again owned by Archant, is delivered free to households, and the Suffolk Free Press, owned by Anglia Newspapers, is sold in shops around south Suffolk and north Essex.
The Kingfisher Leisure Centre, next to the railway station, has a 25m swimming pool, sauna, fitness centre and a soft play area for children. It is home to Sudbury Storms Swimming Club.
Sudbury Rowing Club, formerly Sudbury Boat Club, was founded in 1874 and has held a regatta in the town every year since, except during the world wars. It has a boathouse and clubhouse in Quay Lane and rows on a 1500m stretch of the Stour by Friars Meadow.
St Peter's Church, Sudbury a former church crowning the top of the Market Hill in the centre of Sudbury is now used as a cultural venue for live music and other performances, art exhibitions, and markets.  St Peter's is currently in the delivery phase of a major regeneration project to conserve and refurbish the building, lead by The Churches Conservation Trust.
Valley Walk cycle route and footpath, starts at the Sudbury water meadows and continues along the disused railway track, finishing close to Long Melford Country Park, and then connects to Melford Walk.
 Children's author Dodie Smith lived near to Sudbury, and part of her famous novel The Hundred and One Dalmatians, which inspired the Disney film One Hundred and One Dalmatians, takes place in the town including St Peter's Church.
Just before midnight they came to the market town of Sudbury. Pongo paused as they crossed the bridge over the River Stour. "Here we enter Suffolk" he said, triumphantly. They ran on through the quiet streets of old houses and into the market square. They had hoped they might meet some dog and hear if any news of the puppies had come at the Twilight Barking, but not so much as a cat was stirring. While they were drinking at the fountain, church clocks began to strike midnight.
By road, Sudbury is served by the A131 which runs from near Little Waltham, north of Chelmsford in Essex, and the A134 which runs from Colchester in Essex, through Bury St Edmunds, past Thetford in Norfolk to its west, before merging with the A10 south of King's Lynn. There is a taxi rank for Hackney carriages at Old Market Place. The bus station on Hamilton Road in the town centre provides services to neighbouring places, operated by Chambers and other operators.
The Canadian city of Greater Sudbury, Ontario (formerly known as Sudbury and still referred to as Sudbury in everyday usage) was named after Sudbury, becoming a settlement in 1883 following the discovery of rich nickel and copper ores there during the construction of the Canadian Pacific Railway. The superintendent of the railway construction project James Worthington was married to Caroline Hitchcock, a woman who had been born in Sudbury, Suffolk, and the name was chosen to honour her.
Sudbury has two namesakes in the New England region of the United States: Sudbury, Massachusetts, and Sudbury, Vermont.
From 1970 to 1973, Limmer was selected by his fellow City Commissioners as Mayor. Under Limmer, the city agreed to acquire property and transfer those properties plus Wilson Park and parking lot & structures to the University of Michigan for its Flint branch campus to locate down town.
Limmer was caught up in financial law violations for registration and anti-fraud regarding promissory notes from GT&T Limited Partnerships from 1987 to 1990. He was order on September 13, 1993 to stop violating federal securities acts.
The CSX Bellwood Subdivision James River Bridge is a plate girder bridge that carries the Bellwood Subdivision over the James River in Richmond, Virginia.  The bridge was built by the Seaboard Air Line Railroad between 1897 and 1900.
The bridge begins just south of the Main Street Station and constitutes the middle part of the Triple Crossing, going under the Rivanna Subdivision and over the Richmond District (Norfolk Southern) prior to crossing the James River.
This article about a specific rail bridge in the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Great Dinosaur Robbery is a now out-of-print book released in 1970 and written by David Eliades and Robert Forrest Webb under the pseudonym of David Forrest. The book was later the basis for the 1975 film One of Our Dinosaurs Is Missing.
The film differed greatly from the book in the sense that it was aimed at children rather than adults, with the violence and sexual references toned down considerably. The setting was also changed from New York City to England, principally London, and the time period changed to the 1920s. In the book, the villains were agents of communist China, but the film featured agents from post-World War I China, with the Cold War undertones practically non-existent.
Bart Davenport and Tony Sevener originate from California, while RV Salters was born in Paris and lived in France until joining the Quannum Projects in 1999. RV Salters displays a unique style of dancing while playing keyboard during their performances. They mostly perform in the San Francisco Bay Area, for example at notable places like The Independent.
A cut-down version of Honeycut's song "Exodus Honey" released in 2006 was used by Apple for the late-2007 iMac commercial and the welcome video that plays upon installation of both Mac OS X Leopard and its successor Mac OS X Snow Leopard.
On 4 April 2011, Honeycut released their second album, Comedians, for download only in France from iTunes and the Amazon MP3 store.  This is their first release on Discograph records. In February 2012, Honeycut released Comedians in the United States, for download only from iTunes and the Amazon MP3 store.
This district was carved out in 2012 along with Shahdara, taking the total number to 11 administrative districts in Delhi.
The South East Delhi district is bordered in west by South Delhi district, in south by the Faridabad district of Haryana, in east by River Yamuna, and by New Delhi district and East Delhi districts in north-west and north-east respectively.
The district stretches from Jor Bagh, Lodhi Road, Khan Market, Sunder Nagar, Nizamuddin, Sarai Kale Khan, through Defence Colony, Lajpat Nagar, New Friends Colony, Nehru Place, Kalkaji, Chittaranjan Park, Govindpuri, Greater Kailash, Alaknanda to Jamia Nagar, Okhla, Sarita Vihar, Jaitpur and Badarpur.
Administratively, the district is divided into three subdivisions, Defence Colony, Kalkaji and Sarita Vihar. Defence Colony is the administrative headquarters of the district.
Since the district was created after the latest Census of India was completed in 2011, independent statistics for South East Delhi is not available yet.
This article related to a location in the Indian state of Delhi is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The title of champion, or leading, sire of racehorses in Great Britain and Ireland is awarded to the stallion whose offspring have won the most prize money in Britain and Ireland during the flat racing season. The current champion is Galileo, who achieved his twelfth title (and eleventh in a row) in 2020.
Unlike the similar title for leading sire in North America, the stallion in question does not need to have resided in Great Britain or Ireland during his stud career, although the vast majority have done so. Northern Dancer is the most notable example of a North American-based stallion who won this title. The Northern Dancer sire line has dominated the list for the last several decades, mostly through his son Sadler's Wells (14 titles) and grandson Galileo.
The Red Line (Portuguese: Linha Vermelha) or Orient Line (Portuguese: Linha do Oriente) is one of the four lines of the Lisbon Metro.
Pyrota plagiata is a species of blister beetle in the family Meloidae. It is found in Central America and North America.
Born in England, Wedley came to Canada in his youth and played playground football with the city champion Moss Park team. After high school, he graduated to the ORFU's Toronto Balmy Beach Beachers.
In all, Wedley collected seven Grey Cup championships, the most by any player until his record was later tied by Bill Stevenson and Hank Ilesic. He was also an all-star in 1941 and 1945 with the Argos.
Wedley would go on to coach junior football, starting with the ORFU Oshawa Raiders intermediate team in 1953.
Berta Ruck was widowed in 1961. She died in Aberdyfi on 11 August 1978, nine days after her 100th birthday.
Guilherme Cavalcanti (born 1 February 1921) was a Brazilian sports shooter. He competed in the 25 m pistol event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
This biographical article relating to sport shooting in Brazil is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This biographical article related to Caribbean Netherlands association football is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Canberra Balloon Spectacular, formerly known as Canberra Balloon Festival, is an annual hot air balloon festival that takes place at the lawns of the old Parliament House in Canberra, Australia. Each year in March, approximately 50 hot air balloons launch daily at dawn over the two week festival from the forecourt of Old Parliament House and float over Canberra.
Choondakkari is a 1977 Indian Malayalam film, directed by P. Vijayan and produced by Santhoshkumar. The film stars Adoor Bhasi, Anupama, Vijayaraj and Abutty in the lead roles. The film has musical score by Kannur Rajan.
This biographical article about a football forward from Uruguay born in the 1990s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Tales of a Wayside Inn is a collection of poems by American poet Henry Wadsworth Longfellow. The book, published in 1863, depicts a group of people at the Wayside Inn in Sudbury, Massachusetts as each tells a story in the form of a poem. The characters telling the stories at the inn are based on real people. The compilation, which Longfellow originally wanted to title "The Sudbury Tales", proved to be popular and he issued two additional series in the 1870s.
"One Autumn night, in Sudbury town, Across the meadows bare and brown, The windows of the wayside inn Gleamed red with fire-light..."
Many of the characters in Tales of a Wayside Inn were inspired by real people: Luigi Maria Monti (the Sicilian), Daniel Treadwell (the theologian), Thomas William Parsons (the poet), Henry Wales (the student), Isaac Edrehi (the Spanish Jew), Ole Bull (the musician), and Lyman Howe (the landlord).
Modern scholar Robert Gale praises the book for showing Longfellow's wide interests and knowledge of other cultures and its use of a wide variety of poetic formulas and styles such as blank verse, ballads, dactylic hexameter, octosyllabic lines, ottava rima, and iambic pentameter, including heroic couplets. He says the book "remains the best combination of narrative poems ever written by an American".
Gregory's Two Girls is a 1999 British film, set in Cumbernauld, Scotland and also in various locations in Edinburgh. It is the sequel to Gregory's Girl (1981), which also starred John Gordon Sinclair and was written and directed by Bill Forsyth. The film received mixed reviews.
Reviewing the film for The Guardian, Peter Bradshaw said: "This quaint film is from the stable of Forsyth movies such as That Sinking Feeling and Local Hero, and disconcertingly out of its time... all Forsyth's films have charm, including this one. But, unfortunately, Gregory's Two Girls has the unhappy distinction of being an Accidental Period Piece."
However, Time Out London's reviewer said: "There's still comic mileage in Gordon-Sinclair's amiable fumbling Gregory... [A]ttention is directed towards wider, broadly political issues, but Forsyth's assured craftsmanship ensures that they are deftly woven into the storytelling. Gordon-Sinclair is a revelation, and although the film suffers from a lack of pace, its wealth of human insight and the premium it places on subtlety of expression make it a rare pleasure.
This article related to a British comedy film of the 1990s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This story has similarities with Clarke's other short stories "History Lesson" and "Rescue Party": in all three pieces, aliens draw naive and humorous conclusions about humans from little information.
This article about a science fiction short story (or stories) published in the 1950s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Jaime Laredo (born June 7, 1941) is a violinist and conductor.  He was the conductor and Music Director of the Vermont Symphony Orchestra, and he began his musical career when he was five years old. 
He also plays viola, and has recorded piano quartets with Isaac Stern, Yo-Yo Ma, and Emanuel Ax. In addition, he collaborated with pianist Glenn Gould.  He is the violinist of the Kalichstein-Laredo-Robinson Trio, along with pianist Joseph Kalichstein and cellist Sharon Robinson.  He has been the conductor of the Vermont Symphony Orchestra since 1999.
The Cleveland Institute of Music announced the appointment of Laredo and wife Sharon Robinson to the string faculty in 2012.
Band members Chris Baird, Nick Cloutman, Jon Baird, and Jason Adams first played together in 1996 under the name Seventeen, releasing two full-lengths and an EP under this name. Bruce Fulford joined the group shortly before the release of their 1999 EP. Legal challenges from Seventeen magazine eventually led the band to change names in 2001; Jon Baird also left the group that same year.
Joseph Pera (born 24 July 1988) is an American comedian, writer and actor. He is best known as the creator and star of Adult Swim's Joe Pera Talks with You.
Joe Pera was born in Buffalo, New York. He studied film at Ithaca College, where he competed in and won the college's stand-up competition three times. Pera graduated from Ithaca College in 2010. He moved to New York City to pursue comedy and would attend open microphone nights as often as possible.
Future Television was a Lebanese owned and operated company founded in 1993. First launched in Lebanon on February 15, 1993, Future Television, although the youngest of the Lebanese stations back then, became the nation's fastest growing station.
In October 1994, Future Television started a trial satellite broadcasting over the footprint of Arabsat 1D. The testing period lasted two months. Shortly after, Future International was launched on the Arabsat 2A transponder.
In 1996, in compliance with the new Lebanese audio visual law, Future Television restructured its ownership. Future Television presently has around 90 new shareholders, all from the Lebanese business, social and media elite.
Future Television was forced into closing on May 9, during the 2008 Lebanon conflict. After moving its broadcasting headquarters, the station was back on the air on May 13 at 4:30 p.m (Lebanese Local Time). On May 16, the station went back to its original offices.
In September 2019, Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri announced the suspension of work at his Future TV satellite television channel after 26 years of broadcasting, citing financial reasons for halting operations.
The decision highlights the worsening financial crisis in which Hariri has been trapped since the dissolution of Saudi-Oger, his father's construction and services company in Saudi Arabia. The company had been the pillar of the Hariri family fortune.
The main and direct competitors of Future TV are Murr Television and Lebanese Broadcasting Corporation
A show called "Transit" presented by talented anchor Najat Sharafeddine airing Sunday nights on Future Television was competing with a lot of other "Media Talk shows" aired on Lebanese and Middle Eastern TV corporations.
Al-Mustaqbal newspaper, also owned by the Hariri family, closed its print operations in January for similar reasons, thus threatening the survival of Hariri's Future Movement as a political project while Hezbollah's media empire remained very active despite the militant group's own financial woes.
Chris Sacca was born on May 12, 1975 and raised in Lockport, a suburb of Buffalo. His father was an attorney, while his mother was a professor at SUNY Buffalo State.     Sacca is of Irish and Italian descent, with family originating from Calabria, Italy. Sacca's parents exposed him to a variety of interests, and he recalls being pulled out of school to attend science museums and book-readings.
Sacca has stated that a turning point in his angel investing was in 2007, when he moved to the town of Truckee in the mountains close to Lake Tahoe. Entrepreneurs including Travis Kalanick and Sacca would spend hours discussing ideas at the residence, and Sacca eventually bought the house next door to host various visiting entrepreneurs. When money began to run low Sacca raised a new fund with investors such as Brad Feld, Marissa Mayer, Eric Schmidt, and JPMorgan Chase's Digital Growth Fund.
Sacca regularly speaks about venture capital and investing in media. He has been characterized as an expert by Business Week, Fortune magazine, CNBC, the BBC, CNN, Fox and NPR. Also, Sacca's interview during the initial Startup podcast inspired the pilot episode of the ABC television version of Start Up starring Zach Braff with Sacca to play himself. He played himself in the "Overton Window" episode of Billions.
Since 2011 he has been listed on Forbes' Midas List: Top Tech Investors. In 2015, Sacca was featured on the cover of Forbes magazine listed as No. 3 on the Midas list. and in 2017, he was listed at No. 2. BusinessWeek named him one of the top 10 angel investors, and Vanity Fair has named Sacca to its "New Establishment" list.
Sacca's wife Crystal English Sacca is also a partner at Lowercase. She is a former advertising creative and has authored books such as The Essential Scratch and Sniff Guide to Becoming a Wine Expert: Take a Whiff of That and The Essential Scratch & Sniff Guide to Becoming a Whiskey Know-It-All: Know Your Booze Before you Choose. The couple live in Jackson, Wyoming and Big Sky, Montana, with their three children.
In 2019, the Saccas each signed The Giving Pledge, which calls upon signatories to donate the majority of their net worth to philanthropic causes.
Prunus fasciculata, also known as wild almond, desert almond, or desert peach is a spiny and woody shrub producing wild almonds, native to the deserts of Arizona, California, Baja California, Nevada and Utah.
The plant is not cultivated. Some Native Americans in its limited range learned traditional ways of using it: the Cahuilla prepared the drupe as a delicacy. The wild almonds were considered a delicacy by Native Americans. The Kawaiisu found the tough twigs useful as drills in starting fires and as the front portion of arrow shafts. The seed contains too much cyanide to be edible, but see under Paleobotanical evidence below.
The plant was first classified as Emplectocladus fasciculata in an 1853 paper by John Torrey based on a collection of the plants of California acquired during the third expedition of John C. Fremont in 1845; whence the synonym Emplectocladus fasciculata (Torr.) The work was illustrated by Isaac Sprague. Torrey devised the genus Empectocladus to comprise a few desert shrubs. According to Silas C. Mason the genus has 
According to George Bentham and Joseph Dalton Hooker the name fasciculata means that the leaves are in fascicles, or little bundles: 
Middens from rodent activities such as those of the Pack rat are a rich source of plant macrofossils from late Pleistocene habitats. At Point of Rocks in Nevada by 11700 BP desert shrubs such as Desert Almond had replaced Juniper and Joshua trees, indicating the onset of the modern desert. Somewhat earlier, 17000-14000 BP, Desert Almond flourished in a mixed desert and woodland ecology on the Colorado Plateau.
There is some archaeological evidence that the seeds were pounded into flour and leached to make it edible by the ancient population of the Mojave desert.
The Burney Collection consists of over 1,270 17th-18th century newspapers and other news materials, gathered by Charles Burney, most notable for the 18th-century London newspapers. The original collection, totalling almost 1 million pages, is held by the British Library.
The collection begins with Parliamentary papers from 1603, and newspapers from the early 1620s. 18th-century London newspapers are the richest part of the collection.
Due to rapid deterioration of the collection, a decision was made to microfilm the collection and restrict access to physical copies. The success of the microfilm project led to many other book collections being preserved on film.
New Deal (Spanish: Nuevo Trato) is a Chilean centre-left political movement, founded in 2020 by former members of Democratic Revolution and the Liberal Party, all former members of the Broad Front.
This article related to a German film of the 1950s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Huchuy Qosqo or Kakya Qawani, as it was known by the Incas, was probably established as a royal estate by the Inca Emperor Viracocha about 1420 CE. 
To build, operate, and maintain his estate, Viracocha and his descendants required large numbers of workers. Citizens of the Inca empire were obligated, under the mit'a system, to contribute labor to the Empire, rather than being taxed on their wealth or production. The impressed mit'a labor was most probably found among nearby ethnic groups, although specialists and craftsmen might be imported.
These four sources provided the labor and expertise for the management of a royal estate which might control thousands of acres of agricultural and grazing land, mines, textile factories, and other resources and employ thousands of people.  Sixteenth century Spanish sources identify more than 40 ethnic groups found in one area of the Sacred Valley, an indication of the degree of resettlement and population disruption undertaken by the Incas during their reign.
The Emperor Viracocha faced a revolt late in his reign by the Chancha people. Viracocha took refuge in Huchuy Qosqo, leaving the defense of Cuzco to his son Pachacuti. who put down the revolt, deposed his father, and became the Emperor, or Sapa Inca (1438-1471).
Huchuy Qosqo was expanded after Viracocha was deposed.  Radiocarbon dating indicates construction on the site took place between 1420 CE and 1530 CE. The Spanish conquistador Gonzalo Pizarro looted Huchuy Qosqo and burned the mummy of Viracocha about 1534.
 Amongst a large number of buildings, some stone, some adobe, is a kallanka (great hall), 40m long. Providing water to the site is an Inca built irrigation channel, lined with stones for about 800m.
The Spanish took control of Huchuy Qosqo in the 1500s, after the Manco Inca Revolution (approx. 1540) and used the site as a farm.  The Incas had constructed several small reservoirs for irrigation.  During their time at Huchuy Qosqo the Spanish demolished some other Inca structures to build the larger reservoir you see today.
Elmsley was ordained a deacon of the Church of England on 31 December 1797 and a priest on 29 April 1798; on the same date in April 1798 he was appointed perpetual curate to the chapelry of Little Horkesley in Essex, which he held until his death.
Aristophanes, Acharnians, [Arhistophanus Acharnes. Aristophanis comoedia Acharnenses in usum studiosae juventutis emendata et illustrata], Oxford and London: 1809.
Euripides, Euripidis Omnia Opera, Glasgow: 1821.  Also various plays of Euripides, separately, between 1806 and 1822. 
Prior to March 21, 2002, Arelee was a village, but it was restructured as an unincorporated community on that date.
The large white church at the north end of the community is the Arelee Mennonite Brethren church.  It was founded in 1908.  The church has been sold to a local family.
Calliostoma gloriosum, common name the glorious topsnail, is a species of small sea snail with gills and an operculum, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae, the calliostoma top snails.
Wa-o-wa-wa-na-onk or Peter Wilson (died 1871, alternate spellings are Waowawanaonk, Wau-wah-wa-na-onk, and De jih'-non-da-weh-hoh) was a Cayuga physician and possible chief. His name translates roughly to "They Heard His Voice" or "The Pacificator."
Wa-o-wa-wa-na-onk was raised on the Seneca Buffalo Reservation and was educated in Quaker schools on the reservation. He graduated with a medical degree from Geneva Medical College in 1844. He was one of the first Native Americans to earn a medical degree. Wa-o-wa-wa-na-onk also worked as an interpreter on the Cattaraugus Reservation. Some records list him as a chief, or a "Grand Sachem," but it was uncertain if he officially held the title.
He often spoke to different groups in New York in order to obtain allies in his cause to maintain the homeland of both the Seneca and Cayuga people. He also urged groups to support women's suffrage.
Erich Kull (born 6 January 1932) is a Swiss speed skater. He competed in two events at the 1956 Winter Olympics.
This biographical article on a speed skater in Switzerland is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Mai Mugiyama is a Japanese karateka. In 2018, she won the gold medal in the women's team kata event at the 2018 World Karate Championships held in Madrid, Spain.
This biographical article related to karate in Japan is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
In 1583, the Archbishop of Canterbury, Edmund Grindal, born in the village of St Bees, was ill and blind and was making preparations before his death. Elizabeth I had designated John Whitgift as Grindal's successor, but the former refused to accept the position while Grindal lived (allegedly). Grindal is accredited with having once described Copeland (the area in which St. Bees lies) as the:
ignorantest sic part in religion, and most oppressed of covetous landlords of any one part of this realm to my knowledge.
The corps was officered by masters at the school, and regularly attended camps with northern public schools and also the annual Public Schools Camp.  In 1910 a Drum and Fife band was set up, which soon changed to bugles.  In later years the Corps band would win the music competition at the annual camp on four separate occasions.  By 1912 the Corps would reach an impressive number of one hundred and fifty members, half of the student population.
After the war the number of students remained high, but in common with many other schools the numbers decreased and then went into free-fall during the 1930s.  The situation became so critical that the Governors of the School attempted to have the school nationalised.  In the end, the old boys put together a rescue package and the school remained independent, it being the only one of its kind at the time in Cumberland and Westmorland.
In 1938, during the final stages of recovery from the Great Depression, the school's headmaster of the day, George Mallaby, made an unusual career move by becoming District Commissioner for the special area of west Cumberland, with the task of alleviating the problems of unemployment.
During the war three Old St. Beghians won the Victoria Cross, Britain's highest award for valour in the "face of the enemy".  Two were awarded posthumously.
Lieutenant (later Captain) William Leefe Robinson (Eaglesfield 09-14) was the first man to shoot down a German rigid airship over Britain.  On the night of 2 September 1916 he intercepted the German airship S.L.11 (a wooden-framed contemporary of the Zeppelin) and shot it down over Cuffley.  For such a notable feat, he was the first Old St. Beghian to be awarded the Victoria Cross, the citation reading;
For most conspicuous bravery.  He attacked an enemy airship under circumstances of great difficulty and danger, and sent it crashing to the ground as a flaming wreck.  He had been in the air for more than two hours, and had previously attacked another airship during his flight.
Afterwards Robinson was transferred to the Western Front and in May, 1917 he was taken prisoner by the Germans and was held as a prisoner of war until the end of the war.  He made several attempts to escape and his health had deteriorated to such an extent that shortly after his repatriation to Britain he succumbed to Spanish Influenza on 31 December 1918.
most conspicuous bravery displayed in action.  Until he was killed he repeatedly went out to attend the wounded under murderous fire from snipers and machine-guns, and in many cases, when no other means were at hand, carried them in himself, although almost exhausted.  He showed the greatest possible degree of valour.
Captain Wain (School House 11-14) had been on track to study at Oxford when war was declared in 1914.  He promptly joined up through the Public Schools Battalion.  Having participated in the opening stages of the Battle of the Somme with the Manchester Regiment, later in the year he transferred to the Tank Corps.  In a tank at the beginning of the Battle of Cambrai on 20 November 1917 Wain would posthumously receive the VC for;
On 18 February 1923 a fire started in Foundation House, causing extensive damage throughout the East side of the Quadrangle.  Fortunately, no one was hurt, and the damage was repaired.
On 9 June 1924 the School O.T.C. sounded the "Last Post" in a moving ceremony at the top of Great Gable, a mountain at the heart of the Lake District, where a memorial was unveiled in commemoration of twenty members of the Fell and Rock Climbing Club of Great Britain who had given their lives in the war.
In 1928 the School held a two-day pageant celebrating the history of the school and the village in acted representations of twelve episodes.  Among them was the founding of the school by Edmund Grindal, and also the alleged landfall of Saint Bega at St. Bees.
Seventy-two old boys gave their lives during the Seconds World War, and the Memorial Hall was erected in their memory.
During the 1950s a new science block was built, formally opened by Barnes Wallis in 1959, and in the 1970s the school became coeducational.  New boarding houses were purchased for both girls and boys, Bega House and Abbot's Court respectively, and to celebrate the school's quatercentenary in 1983 an appeal was launched which would give the school a new sports hall, opened in 1988.
Upon the declaration of war with Germany on 3 September 1939, Mill Hill School in northern London was requisitioned by the government for use as a hospital.  The Governors of St. Bees agreed to share the still somewhat-understrength school to be shared with the pupils and staff of Mill Hill, and by the end of the month the boys of Mill Hill were being taught in Cumberland.
During the course of the war seventy-two old boys (alumni) gave their lives for their country.  Their names are commemorated on a tablet in the Chapel unveiled on 19 June 1949 by the Reverend Leslie Dixon, Chaplain-in-Chief of the Royal Air Force, himself an old boy of the school.
In 1977 the school became fully co-educational, after accepting some sixth form day girls previously. Preparations for the quatercentenary of the school were extensive.  On 2 December 1982 before the end of term, the Archbishop of Canterbury Robert Runcie gave the thanksgiving in the Priory Church of St. Mary and St. Bega.  On 28 June 1983 a new Senior Girls' House, Lonsdale House, was opened on Lonsdale Terrace by The Princess Anne who then toured the building.
In 1984, St. Bees School came into the national spotlight with the broadcasting on BBC 2 of the documentary Educating Michael, which focussed partially on Michael Light, the son of a Barrow-in-Furness shipyard worker, who was being educated at the school thanks to the Thatcher government's Assisted Places Scheme, whereby bright children were sent to public schools and their fees were fully or partially subsidised by the state.
In 1996 Grindal House was turned into an "International Centre", where students from the Far East could be taught English and other subjects outside the mainstream teaching environment of the school.  In 2000 this policy was ended, and the teaching area of the International Centre was transferred to the former Matron's area in Foundation.  Grindal became once again a day and boarding house, this time for senior boys.
Also in 2000 Barony House was entirely refurbished after years of neglect and updated into a state-of-the-art musical facility.  For years the school had prided itself on the standard of musical tuition it afforded pupils, and with the opening of the Fox Music School this was finally realised.  The building, apart from practice rooms and a recording studio also contains conventional teaching spaces.
The 1990s saw the opening by Prince Charles of the Whitelaw Building, a multi-function business centre and teaching area which was named after the-then Chairman of the Board of Governors, William Whitelaw.  In 2000, Barony House was entirely refurbished and renamed the Fox Music Centre in memory of old St Behgian Bill Fox.  To mark the millennium, a time capsule was buried in the North-East corner of the Quadrangle.
In September 2008, a Preparatory Department was launched, catering for pupils from the age of 8 until they joined the main school. At this time, a nearby independent school with a prep department, Harecroft Hall, had just closed.  The school again expanded in September 2010 to include pupils from age four.
Nonetheless, on 17 April 2015 it was confirmed by the Governors that the school would close. The formal statement said the governors are also trustees of the St Bees Foundation and they said they are committed to it having a future in education in west Cumbria and "to the use of the site as support both for the future activities of the foundation and the village of St Bees."
On 5 May 2017 the Trustees announced that the Headteacher Designate was Jeremy Hallows, who was then Head of the Senior School at Bromsgrove School.
In April 2018 it was announced that the school would open initially with a cohort of Year 7 pupils, nurturing the culture of the school from the ground up and to allow organic growth year on year.
In July 2018, Induction Day and Super Learning Day were hosted at St Bees School. The staff had prepared different activities ranging from sports, science, team-building, outdoor games and language learning. Preparations for the launching of the revitalised St Bees School continue at a pace.
a. ^  The first floor, which today accommodates the Sixth Form Centre, the Careers Centre and the Old St. Beghians Office, has a noticeably lower ceiling due to its floor being raised.
b. ^  "Something in the nature of a bomb was found after Lord Lloyd had spoken at St. Bees School, but until it has been examined by an expert it is not possible to say whether it is a real bomb or a fake." - Chief Constable P.T.B. Browne
 The history of the Pakistan Air Force (PAF) began when it was established in 1947 following the independence of Pakistan.
In 1933, the British colonial government established the first Air Force station in undivided India near Drigh Road, now called PAF Base Faisal in Karachi. In 1934, this element of the Royal Indian Air Force (RIAF) was extended to the north for operations in North-West Frontier Province. The RIAF had also contributed to the defeat of Japanese invasion during World War II.
In 1957 the Pakistan Air Force received 100 American-built F-86 Sabres under the U.S. aid programme. Squadron after squadron in the PAF retired its Hawker Furys and Supermarine Attackers, and replaced them with F-86 jet fighters. In 1957 thirty-six-year-old Air Marshal Asghar Khan became the Pakistan Air Force's first native commander-in-chief.
The PAF fleet at the time consisted of 12 F-104 Starfighters, some 120 F-86 Sabres and around 20 B-57 Canberra bombers. The PAF claims to have had complete air superiority over the battle area from the second day of  operations. While, Air Chief Marshal Arjan Singh of the Indian Air Force claimed, despite been qualitative inferior, IAF achieved air superiority in three days in the 1965 War
Many publications have credited the PAF's successes to U.S. equipment, claiming it to be superior to the aircraft operated by the IAF and giving the PAF a "qualitative advantage". However some people refute this argument. As per them, the IAF's MiG-21, Hawker Hunter and Folland Gnat aircraft had better performance than the PAF's F-86 fighters. According to Air Cdre (retired) Sajad Haider, the F-86 Sabre was inferior in both power and speed to the IAF's Hawker Hunter.
The two countries have made contradictory claims of combat losses during the war and few neutral sources have verified the claims of either country. The PAF claimed it shot down 104 IAF planes and lost 19 of its own, while the IAF claimed it shot down 73 PAF planes and lost 59. Despite the intense fighting, the conflict was effectively a stalemate.
After the 1965 war the U.S. placed an arms embargo on Pakistan and the PAF was badly affected. Its entire fleet was of U.S. origin and spare parts could not be sourced from the United States.
The PAF began searching for new combat aircraft. China was approached and agreed to supply an initial 72 Shenyang F-6 fighters and it was inducted on 30 December 1965.[citation needed] China also supplied a squadron of Harbin B-5 bombers which the PAF was not satisfied with due to their lack of a modern bomb aiming system. These were later returned to China in exchange for more Shenyang F-6.[citation needed]
The PAF is believed to have evaluated the Dassault Mirage 2000 in early 1981 and was planning to evaluate the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon afterwards.
Project Sabre II was initiated by the PAF in 1987 and was aimed at developing a replacement for the ageing Shenyang F-6 fleet. After a design study by Grumman Aerospace determined it would be to financially risky, it was abandoned by PAF and the Chengdu F-7P was introduced in 1988 to replace the F-6.
The Pressler Amendment passed by the US Congress, in 1985, prevented the sale of materiel to Pakistan unless it could be verified that the goods would not be used to build or deliver nuclear weapons. Subsequently, the US also placed a broader embargo on Pakistan on 6 October 1990, due to the country's continued nuclear weapons programme.
As a result of the Pressler Amendment, 11 Peace Gate III F-16s, along with 7 F-16A and 10 F-16B of the 60 Peace Gate IV F-16s, which had been built by the end of 1994 were embargoed and put into storage in the United States.
In 1996 it was reported that Pakistan was negotiating a $160 million contract for missiles with South Africa, believed to be for the Kentron (now Denel) U-darter imaging-infra-red short range air-to-air missile.
The Pakistan Air Force (PAF) did not see active combat during the low-intensity Kargil Conflict between India and Pakistan during the summer of 1999 but remained on high air defence alert (ADA) and performed F-16 and F-7MP combat air patrols (CAPs) near the eastern border with India. The PAF closely monitored and tracked the IAF's movements near the Line of Control in Kashmir as well as the India-Pakistan international border.
The PAF's Saffron Bandit 2009/2010 exercise focused on extensive training of combat personnel to undertake COIN operations. New equipment was inducted to improve the PAF's joint intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance (ISR) capabilities. A C-130 transport aircraft was indigenously modified for day/night ISR operations.
On 22 May 2011 it was reported that the PAF had retaliated against attacks by Afghan mortar and machine gun positions on the Pakistani posts at Miskinai and Sangpura in the Bajaur area. It was stated that since 19 May, around 1000 Afghan Askaris had entered the Bajaur area at Sahi as well as Miskinai and Sankpura. The Afghan forces had been firing at the posts during night and, after reconnaissance sorties, PAF aircraft destroyed the Afghan positions.
The modernisation stall would end in April 2006 when the Pakistani cabinet approved the PAF's proposals to procure new aircraft and systems from several sources, including modern combat aircraft from the U.S. and China. The AFFDP 2019 (Armed Forces Development Programme 2019) would oversee the modernisation of the Pakistan Air Force from 2006 to 2019.
After the September 11 attacks in 2001, the U.S. and Pakistan began discussing the release of the embargoed F-16s and a purchase of new aircraft. Of the 28 F-16A/B built under the Peace Gate III/IV contracts and embargoed in 1990, 14 delivered as EDA (Excess Defense Articles) from 2005 to 2008., two of which were delivered on 10 July 2007.
Between 2005 and 2008, 14 F-16A/B Block 15 OCU fighters were delivered to the PAF under renewed post-9/11 ties between the U.S. and Pakistan. These had originally been built for Pakistan under the Peace Gate III/IV contracts but were never delivered due to the U.S. arms embargo imposed in 1990.
To upgrade the F-16A/B fleet, 32 Falcon STAR kits were purchased for the original Peace Gate I aircraft and 35 Mid-Life Update (MLU) kits were ordered, with 11 more MLU kits optional, in . 4 F-16A/B being upgraded in the U.S. to F-16AM/BM, delivery expected December 2011. F-16A/B in PAF service to be upgraded starting October 2010 by Turkish Aerospace Industries, 1 per month.
The Peace Drive I contract for 12 F-16C and 6 F-16D Block 52+ (Advanced Block 52) aircraft, powered by F100-PW-229 engines was signed on 30 September 2006. The first F-16 to be completed, an F-16D, was rolled out on 13 October 2009 and began flight testing. The first batch of F-16C/D Block 52+, two F-16D and one F-16C, landed at PAF Base Shahbaz, Jacobabad, on 26 June 2010 and one more F-16C was received by 5 July 2010.
On 19 May 2006 the PAF inaugurated a refurbished Sector Operations Centre at PAF Base Mushaf (Sargodha) which had been installed with a Pakistani-developed air defence automation system for command and control. An old air defence system installed in the 1980s was replaced.[citation needed]
During talks with a delegation from the French Senate on Monday 28 September 2009, Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani stated that the PAF had used most of its stockpile of laser-guided munitions against militants in the Malakand and FATA regions and that replacements for such types of equipment were urgently required.
In December 2009 the PAF's first Saab 2000 Erieye AEW&C was delivered from Sweden and Il-78MP Midas aerial refuelling tanker/military transport aircraft from Ukraine.
The PAF is reported to be considering purchasing the Hongdu L-15 advanced jet trainer to train pilots for high-tech fighters such as the FC-20. Extensive evaluations of the aircraft took place in Pakistan during December 2009.
It was reported in 2010 that the R-Darter, an active radar homing beyond visual range air-to-air missile, is being operated by the Pakistan Air Force.
In 2005 it was reported that two batches in the Air Force Academy's flying wing contained 10 women, with many more in the engineering and aerospace wings. Cadet Saba Khan, from Quetta in Balochistan, applied after reading a newspaper advertisement seeking female cadets. She was one of the first four women to pass the first stages of flying training on propeller-driven light aircraft and move onto faster jet-powered training aircraft.
In September 2009 it was reported that seven women had qualified as operational fighter pilots on the Chengdu F-7, the first female combat pilots in the PAF's history, one of them being Ambreen Gull. Commanding Officer Tanvir Piracha emphasised that if the female pilots "are not good enough as per their male counterparts, we don't let them fly." It was noted that some of the female pilots wear the hijab while others do not.
In September 2004 a PAF contingent of six F-16A/B arrived in Turkey to take part in the international Anatolian Eagle 2004 exercise. As well as the Turkish Air Force, the air forces of Germany, the Netherlands, Italy and the United States also participated.
A PAF contingent of six F-16A/B fighters was sent to the international Anatolian Eagle 2006 exercise, which also involved the U.S. and Israeli as well as the Turkish air forces. Operation Indus Viper 2008, a joint exercise involving PAF and the Turkish Air Force, began on 21 April 2008 at PAF Base Mushaf (Sargodha) and was scheduled to last 10 days. Five Turkish F-16C/D fighters and 50 personnel of 191 Kobras Filo (191 Cobras Squadron) attended.
In the summer of 2005 a PAF team of 20 airmen, including pilots, navigators, engineers, maintenance technicians and a C-130E was sent to the U.S. to take part in the AMC (Air Mobility Command) Rodeo. The team, led by Wing Commander Akbar Shoaib, was expected to score well in the paratrooping, spot landing and short-field landing events. The PAF later took part in the July 2007 AMC Rodeo. 
In 2009, while undertaking combat operations against militants in FATA and Swat, the PAF initiated the Saffron Bandit exercise with the aim of training the PAF's entire combat force to undertake such anti-terrorist operations.
During High Mark 2010 a Chengdu F-7 and Mirage 5 fighter (flown by Squadron Leader Nadeem Iqbal and Wing Commander Syed Ata ur Rehman respectively) practised landing, refuelling and take-off operations from a Pakistani motorway. It was reported that the PAF is in negotiations with the Ministry of Communications to set up all required facilities for Air Force operations on the motorways and highways of Pakistan.
In July 2010 the PAF sent six F-16B fighters of No. 9 Griffins Squadron and 100 PAF personnel to Nellis Air Force Base in the U.S. to participate in the international Red Flag exercise for the first time. During the exercise the PAF pilots practised in-flight refuelling of their F-16s with the Boeing KC-135 Stratotanker.
In October 2010 the PAF's No. 7 Bandits Squadron sent a team of its Dassault Mirage III ROSE fighters to Jordan to participate in the Falcon Air Meet 2010 exercise. The event took place at Azraq Royal Jordanian Air Base and involved teams from the U.S. Air Force, U.S. Navy and the United Arab Emirates as well as the Royal Jordanian Air Force.
In January 2011 a PAF contingent of F-16A/B and Dassault Mirage fighters took part in the Al-Saqoor II exercise in Saudi Arabia with the Royal Saudi Air Force. The exercise lasted from 6 to 19 January 2011 and the PAF Chief of Air Staff, ACM Rao Qamar Suleman, also flew during the exercise.
Blacktail is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) built around Blacktail Lake in Williams County, North Dakota, United States. It was first listed as a CDP prior to the 2020 census.
It was formerly in the Williams County School District 8 (formerly New School District). The district only served grades K-8 and high school students were sent to Williston High, then in the Williston Public School District 1. District 8 also sent high school students to the Nesson School District in Ray and to the Tioga School District in Tioga. In 2021 District 8 merged with District 1 into the Williston Basin School District 7.
He formed the McDades in 2000 with his sister Shannon Johnson and his brother, Jeremiah McDade. Their album Bloom (2007) was given the Juno Award for best roots/traditional album by a group. It also won an Independent Music Award and two Canadian Folk Music Awards. In 2018 he released his debut album "Murals".
Eupholus is a genus of beetle in the family Curculionidae. The genus includes some of the most colourful of the weevils. The colour may serve as a warning to predators that they are distasteful. Most species feed upon yam leaves, some of which are toxic to other animals. The species occur in New Guinea and adjacent islands. This genus was described by French entomologist Jean-Baptiste Alphonse Dechauffour de Boisduval in 1835.
Jean-Simon Leduc is a Canadian actor. He is most noted for his performances as Bruno in Love in the Time of Civil War (L'amour au temps de la guerre civile), for which he received a Quebec Cinema Award nomination for Best Supporting Actor at the 18th Quebec Cinema Awards, and as JP in the 2018 film Family First (Chien de garde), for which he received a Prix Iris nomination for Best Actor at the 20th Quebec Cinema Awards.
The Durant is an apartment building located at 607 East 2nd Avenue in Flint, Michigan. It was built as the Hotel Durant in 1919, and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
The hotel was originally planned as a six-story structure, but two additional stories were added during construction to respond to increased demand. The hotel opened with 264 guest rooms on December 14, 1920. The Durant was immediately Flint's leading hotel, by far the largest and the most distinguished in the area. In addition to hosting guests from out of town, it was used by local groups and individuals for meetings and celebrations.
The series of life-size portraits was painted between 1641 and 1658. Twelve of the thirteen paintings are in Auckland Castle, Bishop Auckland, England, and one is in Grimsthorpe Castle, Lincolnshire.
The series traveled to the Americas for the first time in 2016, to be displayed at the Meadows Museum in Dallas, Texas, from 17 September 2017 until 7 January 2018, and then in New York City at the Frick Collection from 31 January until 22 April 2018.
It is not known how the paintings reached England, although some speculate that they may have been captured by English pirates while being transported from the painter's studio in Seville to a buyer in a Spanish colony in the Americas.
The portrait of one of Jacob's sons, Benjamin, was sold separately to the Peregrine Bertie, 3rd Duke of Ancaster and Kesteven; it hangs in Grimsthorpe Castle, Lincolnshire.  Bishop Trevor commissioned Arthur Pond to produce a copy painting of "Benjamin".  It hangs, with Jacob and the other eleven sons, in the Castle's Long Dining Room, which Bishop Trevor rebuilt for the purpose of displaying the pictures.
According to the 1921 census, the village was inhabited by 636 people, among whom 4 were Roman Catholic, 628 Orthodox, and 4 Mosaic. At the same time, 4 inhabitants declared Polish nationality, and 632 Belarusian. There were 128 residential buildings in the village.
Thomas was born about 1630 in the Parish of Guisborough, Yorkshire, England making him slightly less than thirty years of age upon his arrival in America around 1658. He resided in Saint Mary's County, Maryland.
Certainly related and using the same coat of arms, Thomas was the uncle or perhaps older brother of Capt. John Dent, Gent. (ca. 1645-1712), who married Mary Hatch. 
Peter II, was the son of Peter Dent I, Gent., of Ormesby (d.ca. 1642), a Parish in North Riding of Yorkshire, now part of Middlesbrough.
Thomas Dent's son William had a son, Peter, who had a son, Peter Jr. Peter Jr. had a son, George, who had a son Frederick, who married Ellen Bray Wrenshall. Their daughter, Julia, was the wife of Ulysses S. Grant, the 18th President of the United States.
The Davidson Hospital was a health facility in Girvan, South Ayrshire, Scotland. It was managed by NHS Ayrshire and Arran. It remains a Category B listed building.
The Devils Gate Power Station is a conventional hydroelectric power station located in north-western Tasmania, Australia.
The dam received a  Historic Engineering Marker from Engineers Australia as part of its Engineering Heritage Recognition Program.
WBRJ-LP (97.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Christian Contemporary music format. Licensed to Baton Rouge, Louisiana, United States, the station serves the Baton Rouge area.  The station is currently owned by Jefferson Baptist Church, Inc. The station's motto is "The Word from Baton Rouge". The station's listening area extends from Port Allen to Denham Springs and from Prairieville to Hooper Road in Baton Rouge.  Until sometime in 2010, the station was on 105.7.
Unruh was a staunch opponent of the Nazi Party and wrote several works warning of the consequences of Nazi dictatorship, including Bonaparte (1927), Berlin in Monte Carlo (1931), and Zero (1932).  He left Germany for France in 1932, later immigrating to the United States.  He finally returned to Germany in 1962 and died in the town of Dietz at age 85.
New shoes on budget day is an unusual tradition among Canadian Ministers of Finance. The tradition holds that the Minister of Finance should purchase or wear new shoes when the budget is delivered.
The exact origins of this tradition are not known. The observance of this tradition has been inconsistent among federal ministers; indeed, for two or three finance ministers, this tradition only holds if "new shoes" is interpreted to mean "new footwear". It also makes appearances among provincial finance ministers.
Following Sharp, Edgar Benson wore a new pair of shoes on budget day in 1968, although he said, "He didn't buy them just for the budget." The following year he did not wear new shoes when delivering the budget, saying jokingly that he couldn't afford them, and in 1970 proudly displayed his worn soles on budget day.
Jim Flaherty wore new shoes for his first budget in 2006. For the second one, instead of wearing new shoes, he bought ice skates for his son. and resoled his shoes to show that his 2008 budget was fiscally prudent. Flaherty did not purchase new shoes for either of his two 2011 budgets, but did so in 2009, 2010, 2012, 2013 and February 7th, 2014.
Flaherty's successor, Joe Oliver, wore New Balance shoes with blue laces to underscore the fact that the Conservatives' 2015 budget was balanced. (The Conservative Party of Canada party colour is blue.) However, commenters pointed out that the shoes were made in the U.S., by a company that had abandoned Canadian manufacturing 20 years earlier.
For her first two provincial budgets, Carole Taylor wore new shoes. For her third budget, she wore new green-coloured shoes to go with the environmental focus of her budget.
In 2001, Minister of Finance Paul Ramsay wore new shoes when he delivered his budget. His predecessor, Joy MacPhail, did the same with a second-hand set when she tabled her budget.
Once, when he was Alberta Treasurer, Stockwell Day wore inline skates and a helmet when he tabled a budget.
In 2002, New Brunswick finance minister Peter Mesheau wore new hiking boots when he delivered his budget.
In 2009, Nova Scotia finance minister Graham Steele polished his shoes when, as he later said, "we buffed up the previously introduced Progressive Conservative budget". In 2010 he bought children's shoes to represent the removal of the Harmonized Sales Tax from children's clothing. In 2011 Steele showed pictures of new shoes on a Blackberry Playbook because of the manufacturer's importance to the province, and in 2012 he bought shoes at a store to symbolize lowered taxes for small businesses.
In 2002, Pat Mella was speaking to journalists about PEI's budget when the Premier interrupted and presented her with a pair of sandals.
Saskatchewan finance minister Ken Krawetz first bought a new pair of shoes for budget day in 2013. He put them on with a shoehorn to demonstrate that the province faces what the minister described as "significant financial pressures on the treasury".
On February 25, 2020, Northwest Territories Finance Minister Caroline Wawzonek wore natural harp seal fur high heel shoes when she tabled her first Budget Address for the 19th Legislative Assembly. The shoes were made by ENB Artisan, from Iqaluit, Nunavut.  
Wearing new shoes on budget day (or the refusal to do so) has been used as a symbol by politicians. Stockwell Day's outfit as Alberta Treasurer was intended to highlight "a new direction" for the budget. The tradition has been around for so long that, as Nova Scotia's Steele said after leaving his position, "It's hard to be original ... Every gimmick has been done", and passers by often ask finance ministers in the days before new budgets whether they have purchased new shoes yet.
Born in Strasbourg, Laurenceau began playing the violin at the age of 3 and started performing at the age of 9 with the philharmonic chamber orchestra of her hometown. She followed the lessons of Wolfgang Marschner and Zakhar Bron in Germany, then perfected her skills with Jean-Jacques Kantorow in Rotterdam.
As a teacher, Laurenceau is invited to the academies of Annecy and Dartington (England), where she performs alongside pianist Stephen Kovacevich. She is also a professor and supervises the master classes at the Philippe Jaroussky musical Academy.
Laurenceau is President and artistic director of the Obernai Chamber Music Festival, which she created in 2009.
In China, in 1939 Pai joined the Kuomintang's Three Principles of the People Youth Brigades and rose to the position of Branch Leader. After joining the army he worked in various capacities as an intelligence officer. In the Mainland Operations Office, Pai oversaw parts of the crackdown on dissidents in Taiwan and abroad after the Kaohsiung Incident. He died in the United States in 2004.
Towards the South, the heights decrease, passing through the sub-carpathian hills to a high plain in the West side of the Romanian Plain.
The area in the center of the county is well suited for fruit orchards, wines and raising cattle. The South is better suited for growing cereals and vegetables.
By 1938, there were six districts, four previous and two new ones resulting from the reorganisation of the southwest part of the county:
According to the 1930 census data, the county population was 246,713 inhabitants, ethnically divided as follows: 97.4% Romanians, 1.6% Romanies, 0.2% Germans, 0.2% Hungarians, 0.2% Jews, as well as other minorities. From the religious point of view, the population was 99.0% Eastern Orthodox, 0.4% Roman Catholic, 0.2% Jewish, as well as other minorities.
In 1930, the county's urban population was 31,909 inhabitants, comprising 94.8% Romanians, 1.3% Romanies, 1.0% Germans, 0.8% Jews, 0.7% Hungarians, as well as other minorities. From the religious point of view, the urban population was composed of 96.4% Eastern Orthodox, 1.4% Roman Catholic, 0.8% Jewish, 0.7% Lutheran, 0.3% Greek Catholic, as well as other minorities.
Charles R. Conn (born 22 August 1961) is a Canadian and American CEO, conservationist, and author of Bulletproof Problem Solving: The One Skill That Changes Everything (co-author Robert McLean, Wiley 2019). In 2019 he was the CEO of Oxford Sciences Innovation. Previously, he was the warden and global CEO of Rhodes House and the Rhodes Trust, the organization responsible for administering the Rhodes Scholarship from 2013 to 2018.
Conn studied at Boston University's University Professors Program before reading philosophy, politics and economics at Balliol College, Oxford as a Rhodes Scholar from Massachusetts. Conn subsequently worked at the Boston Consulting Group and gained an MBA at Harvard Business School.
Conn subsequently worked as senior advisor to the Gordon & Betty Moore Foundation where his projects included the preservation of wild salmon ecosystems and the Palmyra Atoll research station.
Conn was warden and CEO of the Rhodes Trust from June 2013 to August 2018. He was the first American to hold this position, and the first Warden of Rhodes House not to have served previously on the University of Oxford faculty.
Since moving to Oxford, Conn has become a trustee of the Mandela Rhodes Foundation in Cape Town, South Africa, and an advisory board member of the Oxford Internet Institute. In January 2014, he became a Professorial Fellow of Balliol College, Oxford University.
Conn announced his retirement as warden of Rhodes House for the end of his five-year term, in August 2018.
His partner is Camilla Borg, who was a member of the staff of Rhodes House as director of special projects.
Thinking About Historical Legacies: Looking for Just Principles and Processes, The Institute for Historical Justice & Reconciliation; 2018.
Conservation Biology through the Lens of a Career in Salmon Conservation. Conservation Biology; 2011.
The Danish American Frontier Award is the most prestigious honor awarded by the Danish American community in the western United States.
The DAF Award is presented to a person or group of persons who have distinguished themselves by their actions, exploration or presence in areas of leadership, business, commerce, service, science, technology, invention, arts or humanitarian ventures.
The recipient is given a statuette by the Danish-American sculptor, Dennis Smith, depicting Peter Lassen, the most important of early Danish-American pioneers and frontiersmen. The largest land areas named after a Dane outside of Denmark are named after him - Lassen County  and Lassen Volcanic Park. The statuette is handmade and numbered exclusively for recipients of the award.
A Cessna Skymaster slid off the runway into the river upon take-off on 15 August 1994. Although the aircraft was written off, the pilot was not injured.
He was born in New Orleans, Louisiana a year after his parents, Michael and Jean Frayne Hosey, immigrated to the United States from County Wexford in Ireland. In 1858, the four-year-old Hosey moved with his family to Mount Vernon, Ohio, where his father took a job as a gardener on the estate of Colonel Jesse P. Buckingham.  (This may instead have been the estate of future General Catharinus P. Buckingham.)
At age 13, three years after his father died from malaria, extreme poverty forced William Hosey to drop out of a Catholic grammar school to work at Mount Vernon-based C & C Cooper Company machine shop. Five years later, William, his mother and older brother Lawrence moved to Fort Wayne, where William took a job as a machinist for the Pennsylvania Railroad. Lawrence died of pneumonia two years later. William worked at the railroad for 34 years.
During this time, William attended night classes to finish his education. He studied literature and philosophy.
Eduard "Eddie" Brunner (July 19, 1912, Zurich - July 18, 1960, Zurich) was a Swiss jazz reedist and bandleader.
Moray Rugby Football Club is a rugby union club from the city of Elgin, Moray that compete in the Caledonia North Two. Moray also have a 2xv that competes in the BT Caledonia 3 North League.  Moray has a number of youth teams taken from different age groups including micros and minis, S1 and S2, Under-16, Under-18 team. They play their rugby at Morriston Park in Elgin, Moray.
The first attempt to introduce rugby into such a strong soccer stronghold as Elgin was in 1903 by the then rector of Elgin Academy. It was, however, not long before the oval ball was forced to give way to the round one.
Twenty years and World War 1 elapsed before a second attempt was made, again by a rector of Elgin Academy, Iain Graham Andrew. The formation of the Moray Rugby Club took place on 3 March 1923 at a meeting in the drillhall in Elgin. Mr George C. Christie was elected as president. It was agreed that it was feasible to form a club and application was sent to the Scottish Rugby Union to become an affiliated member.
In 1925 the Brin Cup was donated for competition among the clubs in the North. Up until the outbreak of war in 1939, Moray went on to win this cup several times.
After hostilities ceased in 1945, the Club reconvened in September 1946 with Dr Thow as president and a dentist called George Cusetter as captain. The amount of Naval and R.A.F. personnel stationed around the Moray area gave the Club many more teams to play and also helped to improve the standard of play.
Elgin Academy provided a nursery, and some of the senior schoolboys often played for the school in the morning and for Moray in the afternoon.
In 1973, the Club celebrated its 50th anniversary as several internationalists played for the presidents XV against the Moray Select. Dr. J.R.S. Innes, then Vice President of the Scottish Rugby Union, proposed a toast to the Club at the official dinner after the game.
In 1975-76 the Club joined the S.R.U. Schweppe League in the 7th division and, by the end of the season, were promoted to the 6th division. During the club's peak in the early 1980s, Moray reached the 5th division and ran 3 XV's and a colts side.
The Clubhouse was opened later, accompanied by a special game between the Presidents XV Select and the North Midlands Select on Sunday 25 October 1985. Special permission was obtained from the Scottish Rugby Union to play on a Sunday. After the game, the Clubhouse was opened by W.L. CONNON, the Vice President of the S.R.U.
In recent years, Moray has narrowly missed out on promotion to BT Caledonia Division 1 on a number of occasions.  In 2016-17 Moray finished 3rd in the league missing out on promotion to eventual champions Banff RFC. Despite this setback, Moray won the BT Caledonia North Regional Bowl when they defeated fierce local rivals RAF Lossiemouth 8-7. Moray also missed out on the opportunity to play at Murrayfield after a semifinal defeat against Portobello in the National Bowl.
In 2017-18, for the first time in over 15 years, Moray were able to field a 2nd XV which entered BT Caledonia Division 3.
Moray currently sit 2nd in the league. They have been defeated only twice, against Deeside and bitter rivals Highland 2xv. They remain the only team to so far beat runaway league leaders Ellon and currently sit 9 points behind the North Aberdeenshire team.  Wing Lewis Scott, a converted forward, is the leading try scorer with 11 tries, while Callum Wright leads in points scored.
For the first time in over 15 years, Moray were able to field a 2xv team that entered BT Caledonia Division 3.  Utility forward, Matthew Lackie was named Captain, while former front row, Richard Burgin was named head coach. With a largely new and returning team, the season has been a struggle, and Moray currently sit 10th, third from bottom.
The work, which has its title from a passage in Plato's Timaeus, is born from the Mafonso for the human head. This and 'a central element in his poetry, a theme that the artist has here treated with a ternary representation modulated on three shaped profiles and almost engraved in steel,' 'drawing' 'at the same time light and obligations that arise from the rough metal material scraped and left in the vividness of its harshness'.
Neocollyris filicornis is a species of ground beetle in the genus Neocollyris in the family Carabidae. It was described by Horn in 1895.
He was born in Portland, Oregon, where his father was a landscape gardener and florist. In 1911, Otten graduated from the University of Oregon and moved to New York to work for Ferruccio Vitale.
Vitale's composition was often characterized by unifying lines, colors, and textures in an intimate, secluded landscape. In 1915, Frederick Law Olmsted, Jr. approached Vitale with a plan to encourage landscape architects in the United States to study in Europe. At about the same time, Vitale formed a partnership, Vitale and Fowler, with a former apprentice. But Otten did not remain with Vitale's new firm.
Graduating with a master's degree from Columbia University in 1915, Otten served in the United States Army during World War I and studied at the University of Montpellier in 1919. He then returned to Portland and continued his work in landscape architecture.
Hypersonix Launch Systems is an Australian space startup developing scramjet and scramjet-based access-to-space technology. In particular, the company is focused on reusable, "green-fuelled" launch technology. It's an aerospace engineering, design and build company specialising In hypersonic vehicle and scramjet engines to provide sustainable affordable access to space.
Hypersonix was founded in 2019. The company aims to commercialize scramjet technology similar to that developed at the University of Queensland's Centre for Hypersonics, during programs such as HIFiRE and Scramspace.
Spartan is Hypersonix's experimental scramjet engine. Using hydrogen as fuel and atmospheric air as oxidiser, the engine is described as having an operational range from Mach 5 to Mach 12.
In 2021, Hypersonix Launch Systems has teamed up with the University of Southern Queensland to create a re-usable hypersonic UAV (unmanned aerial vehicle) to be named Delta Velos.
The Collegiate Chapel of St John the Evangelist belongs to St John's College in the Auckland, New Zealand suburb of Meadowbank. Built from March 1847 and consecrated by Bishop Selwyn later that year, it was registered on 23 June 1983 by the New Zealand Historic Places Trust (now Heritage New Zealand) as a Category I historic place with registration number 13. It is the oldest surviving church building in Auckland. 
This article about a church building or other Christian place of worship in New Zealand is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Returning to the US, she became a teacher at her hometown high school until she became an assistant of Maria Mitchell in Vassar. In 1888 upon the retirement of Mitchell she became a professor and the director of the observatory there until she retired in 1915 for health reasons.
Three ships of the United States Navy have borne the name USS Cohasset, in honor of Cohasset, Massachusetts
The club was founded as Manukau City in 1964, growing over the years into a club with 200 people involved across 13 teams.[citation needed] Manukau United Football Club is a partnership club representing South Auckland communities in the Lotto NRFL Premier League and provides grassroots community football engagement and elite football pathways for juniors, youth and senior players.[citation needed]
Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
This article about a New Zealand association football club is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
During the Soviet period, the village was a part of the Askeran District of the Nagorno-Karabakh Autonomous Oblast.
On January 15, 2010, the Department of Defense published a list of Detainees held in the Bagram Theater Internment Facility that included the name Maulawi Qabil.
According to historian Andy Worthington, author of The Guantanamo Files and the Afghanistan Times he was captured on June 13, 2009, Konar Province.
Maulawi Qabil, a Salafist commander in Konar province was captured June 13. Qabil led multiple attacks against coalition and ANSF forces and transported IEDs within the province.
California State Prison, Los Angeles County (LAC) is a male-only state prison located in the city of Lancaster, in Los Angeles County, California. The only state prison located in the county, it is also referenced as Los Angeles County State Prison, CSP-Los Angeles County.  Only occasionally is the prison referred to as Lancaster State Prison, which was particularly avoided in 1992 partly to ease the stigma for Lancaster.
As of Fiscal Year 2006/2007, LAC had a total of 1,519 staff and an annual operating budget of $100 million. As of September 2007, it had a design capacity of 2,300 but a total institution population of 4,976, for an occupancy rate of 216.3 percent.
As of April 30, 2020, LAC was incarcerating people at 137.3% of its design capacity, with 3,158 occupants.
Before the prison opened in 1993, Los Angeles County hosted no prisons but accounted for forty percent of California's state-prison inmates. "Most of Lancaster's civic leaders and residents" opposed the building of the prison, and four inmates escaped from LAC in its first year of operation. Nevertheless, by 2000 city residents' opinions of the prison had improved so much that a proposal to increase the proportion of maximum-security inmates received little criticism.
During the COVID-19 pandemic, an inmate at California State Prison in Lancaster, was placed in isolation. On March 19, 2020, he reported that he was not feeling well. The agency said the patient was tested the following day and the results were received Sunday.
In March 2021, Canadian singer Justin Bieber visited the prison with his wife Hailey and pastor Judah Smith at the invitation of Scott Budnick. Justin Bieber spoke to inmates about their faith and listened to their stories. In a statement on April 1, 2021, Bieber recounted his visit, saying "It was such an honor listening to their stories and seeing how strong their faith is."
Hughes v Metropolitan Railway Co  is a House of Lords case considered unremarkable for many years until it was resurrected by Lord Denning in the case of Central London Property Trust Ltd v High Trees House Ltd in his development of the doctrine of promissory estoppel.  The case was the first known instance of the concept of promissory estoppel.
The Court of Common Pleas held in favour of the landlord, Mr Hughes.  Metropolitan appealed.  Lord Coleridge CJ delivered the leading judgment, with which Brett J and Lindley J concurred.
The House of Lords affirmed the Court of Appeal. It ruled that with the initiation of the negotiations there was an implied promise by the landlord not to enforce their strict legal rights with respect to the time limit on the repairs, and the tenant acted on this promise to their detriment. Lord Cairns LC gave the lead judgment, with which Lords O'Hagan, Selborne, Blackburn and Gordon concurred.
In this instance the rights of the landlord were suspended only temporarily, allowing the tenant more time to repair.
Steppin' Stone is the eighth solo studio album by American country music singer Marie Osmond. It was her fourth studio album issued on Capitol/Curb records. It was released in 1989.
The album was produced by Jerry Crutchfield, who did not produce any of Osmond's previous albums (Paul Worley produced her last three) under the Capitol/Curb label.
The 2007 Texas Christian Horned Frog football team represented Texas Christian University in the 2007 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The team was coached by Gary Patterson, who took over the program in December 2000. The Frogs played their home games in Amon G. Carter Stadium, which is located on campus in Fort Worth.
The Horned Frogs returned nine starters from their 2006 defense, which ended the season ranked 2nd nationally.  Headlining the defense was All-America candidate defensive end Tommy Blake.  On offense, the Frogs returned six starters and was led by redshirt freshman quarterback Andy Dalton.
On July 23, the Mountain West Conference held their annual Media Blitz in Las Vegas, where members of the media picked the Frogs as the favorite to win the conference.  The media selected Aaron Brown as Preseason Offensive Player of the Year and Tommy Blake as Preseason Defensive Player of the Year.
Marcus Jackson, filling in for an injured Andy Dalton, ran for two touchdowns and threw for another, and the TCU defense kept Colorado State's offense out of the endzone until the 4th quarter to emerge victorious on Family Weekend.
Wang Jun started his football career with third tier football club Beijing Baxy F.C. and saw them take over second tier club Beijing Hongdeng F.C. before the start of the 2010 league season. In February 2014, Wang transferred to China League One side Qingdao Jonoon. In March 2017, Wang transferred to League Two side Hunan Billows.
This biographical article related to Chinese football is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The mountains are within the Navajo Nation. Teec Nos Pos, Arizona, the closest community, is adjacent at the northern foothills, on Teec Nos Pos Wash, from Pastora Peak, about 5-mi miles to the north from the mountain's perimeter; Teec Nos Pos had about 800 inhabitants in the 2000 census.
The Carrizo Mountains primarily consist of igneous rocks that intruded Permian through Cretaceous marine strata. The most common igneous rock type is porphyritic hornblende diorite. Intrusive forms include laccoliths, stocks, sills, and dikes. Ages of the igneous rocks range from 70 to 74 million years.
The station is located on the Moret-Lyon railway. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF.
Hamilton High School classifies as a Class "A" school in the Montana High School Association.  It is a member of the Southwestern "A" conference for most sports.
There were plans to build a lighthouse on the island in the 1750s but a light was instead placed on the fortification of Carlsten in Marstrand. That light was replaced by Pater Noster in 1868. The lighthouse is of engineer Nils Gustaf von Heidenstam's typical iron design.
"Won't Back Down" is a song by American rapper Eminem, featuring American singer Pink. It is the fourth track on his seventh studio album Recovery (2010). The track features production from Aftermath Entertainment producer DJ Khalil, who helped write the song along with Eminem, Erik Alcock, and Columbus "Rahki" Smith. It was the lead single promoting Call of Duty Black Ops.
Eminem has performed the song on live sketch comedy show Saturday Night Live accompanied by Lil Wayne and hypeman and D12 member Mr. Porter. Eminem wore a black jacket and a skull cap. Idolator reacted positively to Eminem's performance, stating that he proved "once again what a dynamic and energetic live performer he is on this exceptionally angry tune (even by Slim Shady standards)." He also performed the song on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon.
Ray Williams currently serves as the Director of Education and Academic Affairs the Blanton Museum of Art, located at the University of Texas at Austin. Previously, Williams was appointed the first ever Director of Education at the Harvard Art Museums.
Ray Williams is the current Director of Education and Academic Affairs at the  Blanton Museum of Art (20012-current). He previously held the position of director of education at the Harvard Art Museums,  Rhode Island School of Design's Museum of Art,  Peabody Essex Museum, the Freer Gallery of Art and  Arthur M. Sackler Gallery, and the  Ackland Art Museum.
Ray Williams' current projects focus on Social and Emotional Learning (SEL) curriculum and resources for the Blanton Art Museum, while creating virtual content for learners during COVID-19. These efforts also seek to support English Language Learners.
This biographical article related to Laotian association football is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Rousseau Lefevre de Poorter (born 1 October 2001) is a professional footballer who plays as a defender for Belgian club Zulte Waregem. Born in Haiti, he has represented Belgium in international football.
De Poorter is a former Belgian youth international. He has played friendlies for Belgium under-16 and under-17 national teams.
In June 2021, Haiti national team coach Jean-Jacques Pierre named De Poorter in preliminary squad for 2021 CONCACAF Gold Cup.
Born in Haiti, De Poorter was adopted by a Belgian family and moved to Belgium when he was three months old.
The agency's government funding is mandated under American and European Union aid programs. It has an evidence-sharing agreement with the FBI.
Such values as integrity, courage, determination and commitment are considered as the main for official appoint candidates and the whole state body.
The Ukrainian government also employs the National Agency for Prevention of Corruption which works to prevent corruption by monitoring government officials' lifestyles.
6 March 2014 Tetiana Chornovol become the Commissioner for anti-corruption policy. At the time the organization was set to employ 1,200 people in seven regional offices. Chornovol resigned on 18 August 2014 because "there is no political will in Ukraine to carry out a hard-edged, large-scale war against corruption".
Founding and launching the National Anti-Corruption Bureau was one of the requirements set by the IMF and the European Commission for relaxation of visa restrictions between Ukraine and the European Union.
On 14 October 2014 Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine adopted the Law "On the National Anti-Corruption Bureau of Ukraine".
In January 2015 for the first time in history of modern Ukraine an open competition for position of director of a state agency was announced. 186 candidates applied for the position of Director of the National Anti-corruption Bureau of Ukraine. The winner of the competition was Artem Sytnyk.
On 30 November 2015 the competition for the position of the Head of the Specialized Anti-Corruption Prosecutor's Office, on which the start of the NABU work depended, was over. Nazar Kholodnitskiy took the position. On 4 December the NABU detectives entered the first three criminal proceedings concerning the theft of state owned companies' funds to the value of 1 billion UAH into the Unified Register of Pre-Trial Investigations.
The agency's detectives underwent training sponsored by the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation and the European Union.
From June 2017 the NABU Director is a member of the EUACI's Steering Committee. The National Anti-Corruption Bureau is one of the beneficiaries this program.
On February 25, the group of anti-corruption investigations "Bigus.Info" published the report about the people from Petro Poroshenko's surrounding who are in control of thefts in the defense sector. In March, two criminal proceedings were opened regarding involvement of people from Petro Poroshenko's team in the theft in the defense sphere. Ex-First Deputy Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council Oleh Hladkovsky, his son Ihor and other persons were searched.
In November, the Bureau served notice of suspicion to one of the richest Ukrainians, Oleg Bakhmatyuk, over the NBU's takeover of a $1.2bn USD loan.
In November, the deputy chief of the Kyiv City Customs and the Odessa businessman Vadim Alperin, whom the media called "the king" and the "godfather" of Ukrainian smuggling, was detained. Investigators assert he unsuccessfully offered NABU detective a bribe of $800,000.
Ukrainian media has repeatedly published information about the connections, interventions and influence on the activities of NABU of the US Embassy in Ukraine.
On September 10, 2020 the United States imposed sanctions on Andriy Derkach among other Russian agents for attempting to influence the U.S. electoral process.
The National Agency for Prevention of Corruption seeks to 'shape and implement anti-corruption policy while creating an environment conducive to corruption prevention'. While NABU focuses on law-enforcement, the NACP shapes policy and develops regulations that help to prevent corruption and ensures compliance.
It is responsible for verifying the accuracy of government officials' asset and income declarations. In July 2016, its civil society representative, Ruslan Riaboshapka, criticised the hiring process, saying that the agency was choosing the lowest-scoring candidates.
The Specialized Anti-Corruption Prosecutor's Office (SAPO) supports and oversees criminal investigations launched by NABU, by drawing up indictments and bringing them before the courts.
The direct control over the bureau is conducted by the parliamentary committee for combating organized crime and corruption.
Every year the External Control Commission provide an independent assessment of the NABU's activity. There are three members of the commission:
For securing transparency and civil control over the NABU the Council of Civil Control was created. It counts 15 members who have to take an examination based on an open and transparent competition.
On June 5, 2015, there was the first open e-voting for the candidates to the Council of Civil Control. Due to the results of the e-voting 15 members who represent 6 civil society organizations were elected. After the elections to the Council of Civil Control, its members have chosen Vitalii Shabunin as the head of the council. Then the e-voting was defined as illegal by the claim of Sh. Aliev but the claim was not proceed till the end of the cadence.
The elections to the 3rd Council of Civil Control took place on May 30, 2018. The head of the Council became Tetiana Locatska.
Jacob Mantino ben Samuel (died 1549) was a Jewish scholar and Italian physician, known also as Mantinus.
This article related to a Chinese film of the 2010s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Tungsten, or wolfram, is a chemical element with the symbol W and atomic number 74. Tungsten is a rare metal found naturally on Earth almost exclusively as compounds with other elements. It was identified as a new element in 1781 and first isolated as a metal in 1783. Its important ores include scheelite and wolframite, the latter lending the element its alternate name.
Tungsten occurs in many alloys, which have numerous applications, including incandescent light bulb filaments, X-ray tubes, electrodes in gas tungsten arc welding, superalloys, and radiation shielding. Tungsten's hardness and high density make it suitable for military applications in penetrating projectiles. Tungsten compounds are often used as industrial catalysts.
Tungsten is the only metal in the third transition series that is known to occur in biomolecules, being found in a few species of bacteria and archaea.  However, tungsten interferes with molybdenum and copper metabolism and is somewhat toxic to most forms of animal life.
In its raw form, tungsten is a hard steel-grey metal that is often brittle and hard to work. If made very pure, tungsten retains its hardness (which exceeds that of many steels), and becomes malleable enough that it can be worked easily. It is worked by forging, drawing, or extruding but it is more commonly formed by sintering.
Tungsten carbides (W2C and WC) are produced by heating powdered tungsten with carbon. W2C is resistant to chemical attack, although it reacts strongly with chlorine to form tungsten hexachloride (WCl6).
Tungsten trioxide can form intercalation compounds with alkali metals. These are known as bronzes; an example is sodium tungsten bronze.
Organotungsten compounds are numerous and also span a range of oxidation states. Notable examples include the trigonal prismatic W(CH3)6 and octahedral W(CO)6.
China remains the world's leader not only in production, but also in export and consumption of tungsten products. Tungsten production is gradually increasing outside China because of the rising demand. Meanwhile, its supply by China is strictly regulated by the Chinese Government, which fights illegal mining and excessive pollution originating from mining and refining processes.
Tungsten is considered to be a conflict mineral due to the unethical mining practices observed in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
There is a large deposit of tungsten ore on the edge of Dartmoor in the United Kingdom, which was exploited during World War I and World War II as the Hemerdon Mine. Following increases in tungsten prices, this mine was reactivated in 2014, but ceased activities in 2018.
Tungsten is extracted from its ores in several stages. The ore is eventually converted to tungsten(VI) oxide (WO3), which is heated with hydrogen or carbon to produce powdered tungsten. Because of tungsten's high melting point, it is not commercially feasible to cast tungsten ingots. Instead, powdered tungsten is mixed with small amounts of powdered nickel or other metals, and sintered. During the sintering process, the nickel diffuses into the tungsten, producing an alloy.
Tungsten is not traded as a futures contract and cannot be tracked on exchanges like the London Metal Exchange. The tungsten industry often uses independent pricing references such as Argus Media or Metal Bulletin as a basis for contracts. The prices are usually quoted for tungsten concentrate or WO3.
Tungsten's heat resistance makes it useful in arc welding applications when combined with another highly-conductive metal such as silver or copper. The silver or copper provides the necessary conductivity and the tungsten allows the welding rod to withstand the high temperatures of the arc welding environment.
Tungsten has also been used in Dense Inert Metal Explosives, which use it as dense powder to reduce collateral damage while increasing the lethality of explosives within a small radius.
Tungsten(IV) sulfide is a high temperature lubricant and is a component of catalysts for hydrodesulfurization. MoS2 is more commonly used for such applications.
Its density, similar to that of gold, allows tungsten to be used in jewelry as an alternative to gold or platinum. Metallic tungsten is hypoallergenic, and is harder than gold alloys (though not as hard as tungsten carbide), making it useful for rings that will resist scratching, especially in designs with a brushed finish.
Gold-plated tungsten is available commercially from China (the main source of tungsten), both in jewelry and as bars.
Due to its high melting point and good erosion resistance, tungsten is a lead candidate for the most exposed sections of the plasma-facing inner wall of nuclear fusion reactors. It will be used as the plasma-facing material of the divertor in the ITER reactor, and is currently in use in the JET test reactor.
In soil, tungsten metal oxidizes to the tungstate anion. It can be selectively or non-selectively imported by some prokaryotic organisms and may substitute for molybdate in certain enzymes. Its effect on the action of these enzymes is in some cases inhibitory and in others positive. The soil's chemistry determines how the tungsten polymerizes; alkaline soils cause monomeric tungstates; acidic soils cause polymeric tungstates.
Sodium tungstate and lead have been studied for their effect on earthworms. Lead was found to be lethal at low levels and sodium tungstate was much less toxic, but the tungstate completely inhibited their reproductive ability.
Because tungsten is a rare metal and its compounds are generally inert, the effects of tungsten on the environment are limited. The abundance of tungsten in the Earth's crust is thought to be about 1.5 parts per million. It is one of the rarer elements.
Tungsten is unique amongst the elements in that it has been the subject of patent proceedings. In 1928, a US court rejected General Electric's attempt to patent it, overturning U.S. Patent 1,082,933 granted in 1913 to William D. Coolidge.
This biographical article relating to Polish cross-country skiing is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Gaborone United were the defending champions but were eliminated by BDF XI in the quarterfinals. Orapa United went on to win the tournament, making them the first ever northern team to win the Mascom Top 8 Cup.
Born in Rome, Ciorciolini began his career in 1950 as a radio writer, often collaborating with Alberto Talegalli. Shorty later he entered the cinema industry as screenwriter, specializing in the comedy genre and also directing a number of films.
Ciorciolini was one of the favorite authors of the comic duo Franco Franchi and Ciccio Ingrassia, with whom he collaborated in television, cinema and even for some songs.
Modifications were made to the circuit from Mulsanne Corner to the Corvette Curves. The circuit was widened on the road connecting Mulsanne to Indianapolis, and again from Indianapolis to the Porsche Curves, although the kerbs remained in their previous locations. The first corner of the Porsche Curves had a larger run-off area on the outside while SAFER barriers had been installed on the inside wall. The Corvette corner also now featured a gravel run-off.
Porsche's pole position was their sixth consecutive in the FIA World Endurance Championship, extending back to the 2014 6 Hours of Shanghai. It was also the company's first pole position at Le Mans since 1997.
Provisional pole positions in each class are denoted in bold. The fastest time set by each entry is denoted with a grey background.
The minimum number of laps for classification (70 per cent of the overall winning car's race distance) was 276 laps. Class winners are denoted in bold.
The area protects part of an ancient Indigenous Australian migration route between Lake Joondalup and Loch McNess (in Yanchep National Park). This later became are well used stock route and then part of the Yaberoo Budjara Heritage Trail. The trail is based on the Yellalonga tribes movements between the lakes and highlights features of historical, aboriginal and natural significance.
The park lies within the Northern Swan Coastal Plain Important Bird Area, so identified by BirdLife International because of its importance in supporting several thousand Short-billed Black Cockatoos during the non-breeding season.
This article about a location in Western Australia is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
State capture is a type of systemic political corruption in which private interests significantly influence a state's decision-making processes to their own advantage.
The term was first used by the World Bank, around the year 2000, to describe the situation in certain central Asian countries making the transition from Soviet communism. Specifically, it was applied to situations where small corrupt groups used their influence over government officials to appropriate government decision-making in order to strengthen their own economic positions; these groups' members would later become known as oligarchs.
The classical definition of state capture refers to the way formal procedures (such as laws and social norms) and government bureaucracy are manipulated by government officials, state-backed companies, private companies or private individuals, so as to influence state policies and laws in their favour.
State capture seeks to influence the formation of laws, in order to protect and promote influential actors and their interests.  In this way it differs from most other forms of corruption which instead seek selective enforcement of already existing laws.
State capture is not necessarily illegal, depending on determination by the captured state itself, and may be attempted through private lobbying and influence. The influence may be through a range of state institutions, including the legislature, executive, ministries, and the judiciary, or through a corrupt electoral process. It is similar to regulatory capture but differs in the scale and variety of influenced areas and, unlike regulatory capture, the private influence is never overt.
State capture in the Western Balkans has been undermining the EU enlargement process, strengthening ruling parties and weakening independent institutions and political opposition.
For instance, through clientelist networks and loyalty-based appointments, the ruling party of Serbia, the Serbian Progressive Party, has effectively captured the state, resulting in the country losing its status as a 'free' country according to the Freedom House Index.
The pattern [of state capture] is a simple one. "You remove management, and put in compliant management. You remove boards, and put in boards that are compliant. The rest is very easy. That has been the scenario at state-owned enterprises. - Mcebisi Jonas, former Deputy Finance Minister; explaining the process of state capture.
In 2016, there were allegations of an overly close and potentially corrupt relationship between the wealthy Gupta family and the South African president Jacob Zuma, his family and leading members of the African National Congress (ANC).
South African opposition parties have made claims of "state capture" following allegations that the Guptas had inserted themselves into a position where they could offer Cabinet positions and influence the running of government. These allegations were made in light of revelations by former ANC MP Vytjie Mentor and Deputy Finance Minister Mcebisi Jonas that they had been offered Cabinet positions by the Guptas at the family's home in Saxonwold, a suburb in Johannesburg.
The report recommended establishment of a judicial commission of inquiry into the issues identified, including a full probe of Zuma's dealings with the Guptas, with findings to be published within 180 days. In May 2017, Jacob Zuma denied the allegation of blocking an attempt to set up a commission of inquiry to probe state capture. The report led to the establishment of the Zondo Commission of Inquiry in 2018, set up to investigate allegations of state capture in South Africa.
In May 2017, a group of academics convened by Mark Swilling and including Ivor Chipkin, Lumkile Mondi, Haroon Bhorat and others, published the "Betrayal of the Promise" report, the first major study of state capture in South Africa. It helped galvanise civil-society opposition to the unconstitutional developments in South African civil-society responses. The analysis was further developed in the book Shadow State: The Politics of State Capture written by Chipkin and Swilling.
The 2017 book How to Steal a City details state capture within the Nelson Mandela Bay Metropolitan Municipality in South Africa during the Zuma government.
As of March 2017, the design does not appear on the Federal Aviation Administration's list of approved special light-sport aircraft.
The Fresno State Bulldogs are the intercollegiate athletic teams that represent California State University, Fresno (commonly referred to as Fresno State). The university is a member of NCAA Division I's Mountain West Conference (MW). It was a member of the Western Athletic Conference from 1992 until 2012, when it left for the Mountain West alongside fellow WAC member Nevada.
On October 2020, Fresno State announced the elimination of three programs due to COVID-19: Men's tennis, lacrosse, and wrestling.
All varsity teams representing Fresno State participate in the Mountain West Conference for conference play excluding lacrosse in the Mountain Pacific Sports Federation, water polo in the Golden Coast Conference, and equestrian and wrestling in the Big 12 Conference.
Bulldog basketball squads play at the Save Mart Center.  This facility used to house the ECHL's Fresno Falcons hockey team and is regularly on the Pollstar list of top 25 concert and entertainment venues by attendance.
However, due to a lack of winning, and mounting pressure from the community, Coach Cleveland stepped down as Head Coach in 2011.
He was replaced by Rodney Terry, the top assistant from the University of Texas. Terry will be the 18th head coach in Bulldog history. Known as an outstanding recruiting and bench coach while at Texas, Terry's resume includes coaching two national players of the year and 11 appearances in the NCAA tournament.
The Fresno State baseball team is currently coached by Mike Batesole and has made 4 trips to the College World Series in its history, most recently to the 2008 College World Series. On June 25, 2008, the Fresno State Bulldogs defeated the Georgia Bulldogs to win the 2008 College World Series.
Bulldogs who have had success at the professional level include: Jerry Heard (five PGA Tour wins), Tim Norris (one PGA Tour win), John Erickson (one PGA Tour Canada win) Kevin Sutherland (one PGA Tour win), and Nick Watney  (five PGA Tour wins)
The wrestling team is an associate member of the Big 12 Conference, joining Mountain West conference rivals Wyoming and Air Force, since their primary conference does not sponsor wrestling.
In its first iteration, wrestling at Fresno State produced 33 All-Americans and 2004 Olympic silver medalist Stephen Abas. In its second year back, Josh Hokit became an All-American with a fifth-place finish.
The Fresno State Rugby Football Club was founded in 1971, although rugby was played at the old Fresno State College as early as 1934. Fresno State plays  college rugby in the Division 1 Pacific Western Conference.
The Fresno State Bulldogs competed in the NCAA Tournament across 17 active sports (9 men's and 8 women's) 297 times at the Division I FBS level.
The Cardinal was in emulation of the colors of Stanford University and the Blue in emulation of the colors of the University of California.
This article on a moth of the family Yponomeutidae is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The  concept of a prewrath rapture is one of several premillennial views on the end times events among some evangelical Christians which states that Christians will be raptured at the end of a time called the Great Tribulation, before The Day of the Lord. The prewrath position emphasizes the biblical distinction between Satan's wrath in the Great Tribulation  and the wrath of God, from which Christians have been promised deliverance.
God's wrath against the ungodly will follow for the remainder of the seven years, in what is known as the Day of the Lord.
This view, like pretribulationism, midtribulationism, and posttribulationism, falls under the larger umbrella of premillennialism, and was formally named and publicized by Marvin Rosenthal in his book The Pre-Wrath Rapture of the Church, published by Thomas Nelson in 1990, at the prompting of his friend Robert Van Kampen, who went on to write The Sign and The Rapture Question Answered: Plain & Simple.
This article about a church building or other Christian place of worship in Austria is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Per Malte Lennart "Plura" Jonsson (born 10 August 1951) is a Swedish singer, songwriter, and musician. He has been a long-time member of the Swedish rock band Eldkvarn in addition to his solo materials. In 2014, he also released an album jointly with Mauro Scocco as Mauro & Plura. Jonsson has also written several books during his career.
Ordained to the priesthood in 1963, Obiefuna became Bishop of Awka in 1977, Archbishop of Onitsha in 1995 and retired in 2003.
He was named Kanenechukwu by his parents because of the trying circumstances associated with his birth.
This article about a member of the Christian clergy in Nigeria is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about a Roman Catholic bishop from Africa is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The episode received positive reviews. Seth Amitin of IGN awarded the episode an 8 out of 10 calling it "a solid building block for future story lines". Alan Sepinwall of HitFix gave the episode a positive review calling it "very oddly-structured, but never uninteresting".  Matt Richenthal of TV Fanatic awarded the episode 4.9 out of 5 calling it "phenomenal".  Donna Bowman reviewing for The A.V. Club gave the episode an "A-".
Natica prietoi is an evil species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Naticidae, the moon snogs, a scientific dog and snail breed. When you get too close to one, it will bite you. 
Banded krait venom began to be studied by Chuan-Chiung Chang and Chen-Yuan Lee of the National Taiwan University in the 1950s; however, it was not until 1963 that its components were separated and isolated.
This article related to members of the insect family Tachinidae is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Azeem Ryan Pitcher (born July 31, 1980) is a Bermudian cricketer, who played with the Bermudian cricket team in their first ever One Day International when they played Canada on 17 May 2006.
This biographical article related to Bermudian cricket is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Zebedee Jones was born in London. He attended Camberwell College of Arts, Norwich University of the Arts and Chelsea School of Art and Design graduating in 1993. The following year Jones's paintings appeared in Unbound: possibilities in painting at the Hayward Gallery. His work is in several public collections  including Tate, National Galleries of Scotland and the Arts Council of Great Britain Collection.
Job Prince (1795-1875) was an American politician from Maine. Originally from Buckfield, Maine, Prince served four terms in the Maine Legislature representing Turner, Maine. Each term was elected annually. In 1834, he spent his first and only term in the Maine House of Representatives. Four years later in 1838, Prince was elected to the Maine Senate. Re-elected a year later, Prince was elected Senate President. Prince won his seat again in 1854. In 1860, he joined the Governor's Council.
He served in many local offices in Androscoggin County, including County Commissioner, Judge of Probate and Tax Assessor. A farmer, Prince served as President of the Oxford County Agricultural Society as well.
The gmina contains parts of the protected areas of Szczecin Landscape Park and Lower Odra Valley Landscape Park.
This biographical article relating to sport in Thailand is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Stanley Howse, better known as Flesh-n-Bone (born June 10, 1973), is an American rapper known as a member of the hip hop group Bone Thugs-n-Harmony. He is the older brother of Layzie Bone and cousin of Wish Bone.
In 1998, police reportedly caught Flesh-n-Bone with a loaded sawed-off shotgun at a relative's home and claimed he refused when asked to leave.
He was released in July 2008, when he reunited with fellow group members Krayzie Bone, Layzie Bone, Bizzy Bone, and Wish Bone. They immediately went to the studio and started recording for their reunion album Uni5: The World's Enemy, which was released on May 4, 2010.
On March 28, 2010, during the Bone Thugs-n-Harmony reunion tour, Flesh-n-Bone was picked up on a 10-year-old felony warrant in Cleveland, Ohio during a show at the House Of Blues. He was released from custody five days later and charges were dismissed.
Concordia University, Ann Arbor, part of the LCMS Concordia University System, is located within the district.
The predicted tsunami return periods for New Zealand based on all available data from 1840 are: 1 metre every 7.7 years, 2.5 metres every 10.6 years, 5 metres every 18.1 years, and 10 metres every 52.5 years.
Research indicates a tsunami of 3.3 metres struck the east coast of lower North Island and upper South Island from a megathrust earthquake on the southern Hikurangi Margin of the Pacific plate.
Research indicates a tsunami from a second mega-thrust earthquake on the southern Hikurangi margin of the Pacific plate struck the east coast of lower North Island and upper South Island. It was smaller than the 1135-1215 event.
The uplift from the earthquake on 23 January 1855 tilted the Wellington Region and with it Wellington Harbour. The eastern side of the harbour moved 80 centimetres higher than the western side displacing the water into the shoreline along Lambton Quay and flooding its houses and shops.
In Cook Strait there was a much greater displacement. The Remutaka Range had risen about 6 metres and with it, the floor of the strait had been uplifted. The exact maximum height of the tsunami was not known but sheds at Te Kopi, South Wairarapa, which were 8 metres above sea level were destroyed. The area impacted by the tsunami was as far north as Otaki and the upper South Island.
 About 20 minutes after the earthquake a 3-4-metre high tsunami entered Wellington harbour through its narrow entrance and also across the Lyall Bay to Kilbirnie area. The water was about 1 metre deep across the area. Captain Byron Drury, Commander of the sloop HMS Pandora reported:
For eight hours subsequent to the first and great shock, the tide approached and receded from the shore every 20 minutes, rising from eight to ten feet and receding four feet lower than at spring tides. One ship, I heard, was aground at her anchorage four times.
The action of the earthquake and its tsunami destroyed the bridge across the Hutt River. Coasters entering Wellington harbour after the tsunami reported sailing through a large quantity of dead fish - principally ling.
The 1868 Arica earthquake occurred on 13 August 1868, near Arica, then part of Peru, now part of Chile, at 21:30 UTC. The tsunami created by the quake reached New Zealand 15 hours later and caused substantial damage on the Chatham Islands and Banks Peninsula. It also affected many areas along New Zealand's eastern coastline from Great Barrier Island to Bluff. The tide at Wellington and Port Chalmers was reported as rising and falling by over a metre for a space of about 2 hours.
The bays around Banks Peninsula were also impacted by the tsunami which penetrated far inland along valleys, damaging homes and carrying away bridges and fences. The ketch Georgina was wrecked at Rhodes Bay. At Pigeon Bay a succession of waves reaching up to two metres above the highest high water mark between 3am and 1pm carried away two jetties, 40,000 feet of sawn timber, a boat house, fencing, and the ketch Courier.
On the Waimakariri River a 1.5-metre high wave washed up it at about 3am snapping the stern line on the SS Gazelle which caused her to swing around. The schooner Challenge broke away from her wharf and collided with the Gazelle. The William and Julia were lifted onto the river bank and the Nora and Dart broke free from their wharf.
After the tsunami Ferdinand von Hochstetter undertook a detailed analysis of the tsunami. He charted its progress across the Pacific determining wave speeds and the ocean depth along several paths. It was the first detailed scientific analysis of a major tsunami. Dr Haast, a friend of von Hochstetter and fellow geologist, writing to the Star two days after the tsunami reached New Zealand pointed out that such waves travel at great speed and travel thousands of miles in a day.
With the knowledge gained from the 1868 tsunami, newspapers of the day were already speculating that the source of the wave was from a South American earthquake. Their hypothesis was confirmed a couple of days later when news of the Iquique earthquake reached New Zealand.
On 22 February 1913 a 1 metre high tsunami followed a local magnitude 6.8 earthquake. Newspapers at the time seem to indicate a very limited impact to the tidal portion of the Buller River.
The earthquake triggered a landslip at Waikare which in turn caused a localised 15.3-metre tsunami. At Napier there was a tsunami of about 3 metres.
On 17 May 1947 another tsunami hit the coast between Gisborne and Tolaga Bay with a maximum height of 6 metres north of Gisborne. Again there were no casualties. Also the impact of this tsunami was less than earlier one because it occurred near low tide. The earthquake responsible for it was a 6.9-7.1 magnitude quake off-shore near Tolaga Bay.
Sonar mapping has found the presence of massive submarine landslides near the New Zealand coast that would have triggered large localised tsunamis.
Three large waves greater than 4 metres high over the period 1927 to 1928. Possibly landslip related. No reference to these events were found in the newspapers of the day.
A 3-metre high localised tsunami was caused by a landslide into Deep Cove, Doubtful Sound in May 1987.
Although an inland eruption, the Taupo eruption is considered to have caused an atmospheric pressure wave of sufficient magnitude to cause a tsunami. Radiocarbon dating of prehistoric tsunami in the Cook Strait area indicates a possible correlation with one such event.
There is disputed historic evidence that a mega-tsunami with a wave height of greater than 30 metres could have struck Stewart Island in the 15th century. This has been attributed to a meteor impact. This event has been controversially linked by author Gavin Menzies with a disaster which reputedly hit a Chinese exploration fleet in 1422.
A study of Puatai Beach on the East Coast of the North Island in 2016 identified three or four large tsunamis with waves between 9 and 12 metres had impacted the East Coast. While they are likely to have been from earthquakes the exact cause and timing has yet to be determined.
The tsunami that occurred between 1470 and 1510 was associated with the South Taranaki Bight possibly extended down to Abel Tasman National Park. Evidence of this tsunami came from D'Urville and Kapiti Islands, and Waitori in South Taranaki
The effect of the 1923 Kanto earthquake was reported in local newspapers as abnormal tides on 5 September. The 1952 Severo-Kurilsk tsunami reached New Zealand with a wave height of just under 1 metre.
The Pacific Tsunami Warning and Mitigation System was established in 1965 due to the 1960 Chile tsunami. New Zealand is one of the 46 member countries.
Differing approaches to tsunami warning sirens are taken on a regional level. For example, a large scale siren system was installed in Christchurch in 2012, whereas there are no tsunami warning sirens in the Wellington region.
In addition New Zealand, at the time of the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami, did not have sea-based tsunami warning devices. Since then 20 sites have been selected and gauges are now installed at most of them.
Further complicating matters is the Pacific Tsunami Warning Centre's ocean-based, tsunami warning devices are focused on protecting Alaska, Hawaii, and the United States Pacific coastline. This means that there is a gap in the Southern Ocean. Australia installed a DART buoy in the south-east Tasman Sea which helped cover that area, but installation and maintenance cost has meant they have not been installed as yet by New Zealand.
Wellington was the first place to paint blue lines on its roadways to indicate the limit of potential tsunami hazards. The project won the International Association of Emergency Managers Global and Oceania Public Awareness categories at the Associations annual awards. The project evoked international interest.
The AGF Ladies' Open de Paris was a women's professional golf tournament on the Ladies European Tour that took place in France. It was held in 1991 and 1992 near Paris.
Paruna School operated between 1917 and 1965, and Paruna North School between 1925 and 1941. Brown's Well District Area School closed in 2007. The effects of  prolonged drought and the movement of population to larger centres has led to the closure of a number of other facilities over recent years, including the general store and the golf club.
Paruna was the seat of the District Council of Brown's Well until a merger that created the District Council of Loxton Waikerie in 1997.
The 2016 Australian census which was conducted in August 2016 reports that Paruna had a population of 53 people.
Paruna is located within the federal division of Barker, the state electoral district of Chaffey and the local government area of the District Council of Loxton Waikerie.
General store, is now operating.  Monday to Friday 7.30am to 6.30pm, Saturday 8.30am to 6.30pm.  Sunday 8.30am - 4.30pm.
Jim Lynch (born 16 March 1948) is an Australian speed skater. He competed in two events at the 1972 Winter Olympics.
This biographical article on a speed skater in Australia is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The episode was watched by 11.4 million viewers, making it the eighth most-watched program of the week. The episode gained positive reviews by critics, who were surprised by the story surrounding Dr. Chris Taub, one of the fellowship applicants, in the episode.
A documentary film crew is chronicling a teenager named Kenny with a major facial deformity who opts to undergo a dramatic reconstructive procedure. When Kenny suffers a heart attack just prior to the surgery, House and the team are called in to determine the cause.
In the end, Taub is not fired, but Dr. Terzi is let go and House's request for a date is turned down. Cuddy and House watch an early cut of the documentary, which has been edited to portray House as a compassionate, sympathetic doctor. House is aghast and leaves the room, questioning whether he can still trust Michael Moore movies. The documentary continues, revealing that the surgery was successful, and that Kenny thanks Dr. House.
Hippocrates (460-377 B.C.E.), hypothesized that the body and mind become unwell when the vital fluids in the body become unbalanced. These fluids include black bile, yellow bile, phlegm, and blood. Too much phlegm causes a person to be fatigued, too much black bile causes depression, yellow bile causes a quick temper, and too much blood causes optimism, cheerfulness, and confidence.
By 1939, there were over 400,000 patients in state mental hospitals in the USA.  Hospital stays were normally quite long for the patients, with some individuals being treated for many years.  These hospitals, while better than the asylums of the past, were still lacking in the means of effective treatment for the patients. Even though the reform movement had occurred, patients were often still met with cruel and inhumane treatment.
Things began to change in the year 1946 when Mary Jane Ward published the influential book titled The Snake Pit, which was made into a popular movie of the same name. The book called attention to the conditions which mental patients faced and helped to spark concern in the general public to create more humane mental health care in these overcrowded hospitals.
This trend was not only in England and the United States but worldwide with countries like Australia having too many mentally ill patients and not enough treatment facilities. Recent studies have found that the prevalence of mental illness has not decreased significantly in the past 10 years, and has in fact increased in frequency regarding specific conditions such as anxiety and mood disorders.
These ideas of Hippocrates and his associates were later adopted by Galen, the Roman physician. Galen extended these ideas and developed a strong and influential school of thought within the biological tradition that extended well into the 18th century.
Medical: Kendra Cherry states: "The medical approach to abnormal psychology focuses on the biological causes on mental illness. This perspective emphasizes understanding the underlying cause of disorders, which might include genetic inheritance, related physical disorders, infections and chemical imbalances. Medical treatments are often pharmacological in nature, although medication is often used in conjunction with some other type of psychotherapy."
Irrational beliefs that are driven by unconscious fears, can result in abnormal behavior. Rational emotive therapy helps to drive irrational and maladaptive beliefs out of one's mind.
The term sociocultural refers to the various circles of influence on the individual ranging from close friends and family to the institutions and policies of a country or the world as a whole. Discriminations, whether based on social class, income, race, and ethnicity, or gender, can influence the development of abnormal behaviour.
There are a wide range of mental disorders that are considered to be forms of Abnormal Psychology. These include, but are not limited to:
Antisocial personality disorder can be described as a cluster of personality traits that lead to specific outcomes and violate the rights of other people. These personality traits include callousness, deceitfulness, remorselessness, lack of empathy, manipulativeness, impulsiveness, and grandiosity. Additional traits may include superficial charm, sexual promiscuousness, and pathological lying.
Dissociative identity disorder (DID) involves one individual having multiple personalities. Those with DID are described as having multiple selves that each have their own consciousness and awareness.
Those with social anxiety disorder (SAD) have a very intense fear of social situations. This fear stems from the belief that the person will be evaluated negatively, or embarrass themselves.
Generalized anxiety disorder is characterized by a constant, chronic state of worry and anxiety that is related to a large variety of situations, and is difficult to control. Additional symptoms may include irritability, fatigue, concentration difficulties, and restlessness.
Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) is described as a failure to overcome traumatic experiences. PTSD can manifest a large variety of symptoms including, but not limited to Nightmares, flashbacks, avoidance and/or physiological reactions related to stimuli regarding the trauma, shame, guilt, anger, hypervigilance, and social withdrawal.
PTSD symptoms can arise due to various experiences that involve actual or threatened violence, injury, or death. Firsthand experience, witnessing, or learning about traumatic experiences can possibly lead to the development of PTSD.
The standard abnormal psychology and psychiatry reference book in North America is the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of the American Psychiatric Association. The current version of the book is known as the DSM-5. It lists a set of disorders and provides detailed descriptions on what constitutes a mental disorder.
The DSM-5 identifies three key elements that must be present to constitute a mental disorder. These elements include:
The DSM-5 uses three main sections to organize its contents. These sections include I,II, and III. Section I includes the introduction, use, and basics of the DSM-5. Section II includes diagnostic criteria and codes. Section III includes emerging measures and models.
Section I of the DSM-5 briefly prefaces purpose, content, structure, and use. This includes basics, introductions and cautionary statements for forensic use. Information is also given about the revision and review processes as well as the DSM-5's goals to harmonize with the ICD-11. An explanation regarding the change from the previous multi-axial classification system to the current three section system is also included here.
Section II of the DSM-5 Contains a wide range of diagnostic criteria and codes used for establishing, and diagnosing the vast amount of abnormal psychological constructs. This sections replaced the bulk of the axis system in the previous DSM versions and includes the following categories:
These categories are used to organize the various Abnormal psychological concepts based on their similarity.
Section III of the DSM-5 contains the various methods and strategies that are used to make clinical decisions, understand culture, and explore emerging diagnoses.
The ICD-11 is the most recent version of the International Classification of Diseases. The Mental, behavioral, or Neurodevelopmental disorders section highlights forms of abnormal psychology.
Psychologists may use different perspectives to try to get better understanding on abnormal psychology. Some of them may just concentrate on a single perspective. But the professionals prefer to combine two or three perspectives together in order to get significant information for better treatments.
According to RAND, therapies are difficult to provide to all patients in need. A lack of funding and understanding of symptoms provides a major roadblock that is not easily avoided. Individual symptoms and responses to treatments vary, creating a disconnect between patient, society and care givers/professionals.
Child-parent attachment development involves altering or creating relationships between parents and children in attempts to create secure bases for the child and to facilitate trust, independence, and positive perceptions of family relationships. These goals are often achieved by creating understanding regarding behaviors, creating opportunities for attachment, and increasing the family's ability to think about their history and relationships.
The body is elongated, tapered, and the tail end is tapered. There is no longitudinal midline on the ventral surface. The average carcass length of mature individuals is 30 cm  and the aspect ratio is 7:1. There are two fins on the side of the tube, the fin is diamond-shaped, and the length of the carcass is greater than 2/3,  making the carcass of the spear very much like a rocket, hence the name.
It will emit light,  and the illuminators are on both sides of the rectum, which are spindle-shaped.
Chinese spear squid at different growth stages sometimes have different names among fishermen: they call the larvae of squid "small rolls", and the sub-adults are called "middle rolls". They like to see the light, so the boatman will use big lights to guide them to swim on the water.
Maranoa of the original sixteen electorates established in 1859. Geographically it was based on the Balonne River catchment area, including the towns of Roma and St George. Despite various redistributions over the years, the electorate remained in the same general vicinity until its abolition in 1949 when most of it was included in the resurrected Electoral district of Balonne.
Un Soir de Joie (French) is a Belgian comic film directed by Gaston Schoukens and released in 1955. The film's plot takes place in German-occupied Belgium during World War II, and focuses on the so-called Faux Soir, a satirical version of the German controlled newspaper Le Soir produced by the resistance.
The film's title is a pun, referring both to "An evening of joy", and "A Le Soir of joy". The film includes extensive footage of Brussels in the 1950s, where it was filmed on location.
The designations W Centauri and w Centauri refer to two different stars in the constellation Centaurus.
After leaving Riga FC in the summer 2018, Etock signed with FC Honka for the 2019 season. The deal was announced already on 15 November 2018. He played three cup games for the club before he terminated his contract with the club, after failing to break into the team. On 12 April 2019, FC Lahti announced that he had signed a 4-month contract with the club.
In 1982, international zoo, aquarium, and wildlife authorities gathered to set goals for establishing the new zoo. It was determined that a zoo should not only be a place to see animals, but also an institution of conservation and education. That same year, White River State Park was announced as the new site of the zoo. The groundbreaking at the new downtown location was held in September 1985. The old zoo closed in 1987.
After the construction of the Waters building and the Dolphin Pavilion, the zoo earned AZA accreditation as an aquarium as well as a zoo. In 1996, the Indianapolis Zoo became the first institution to be triple-accredited as a zoo, aquarium, and botanical garden. White River Gardens was considered a separate facility from 1999 to 2006, but now is included as part of the zoo.
The zoo hosts more than a million visitors each year and plays a role in worldwide conservation and research, including accomplishing the world's first successful artificial insemination of an African elephant.
The zoo will soon be undergoing a major expansion. The current 13-acre parking lot will be converted into new animal exhibits. A chimpanzee facility will be one of the first major exhibits constructed in the expansion process. The new parking system will consist of 28 new acres of land the zoo recently acquired.[citation needed]
The Indianapolis Zoo is organized around the concept of biomes. Biomes are areas of the planet with similar climate, plants, and animals. Animals at the Indianapolis Zoo are clustered in groups with similar habitats, which define the biomes. At the Indianapolis Zoo, one can visit the five biomes listed below.
The Indianapolis Zoo's highlight is a large dolphin pavilion, which features a combination of approaches to dolphin/human interaction.
On top of the water, the interior of the St. Vincent Dolphin Theater features a million-gallon plus pool where dolphin presentations occurs daily. There are 10 bottlenose dolphins: Calypso (F), Jett (M), Hemingway (M), Kimo (M), Orin (M), Taz (M), Indy (F), Maui, (M), Nova (F), and Trooper (M).
The zoo also has the Midwest's only in-water dolphin program for the public, allowing guests to interact with the dolphins in their exhibit.
MISTery Park is a landscaped path featuring flowers, tall grasses, and trees with a cooling fog created by misters.  It is also the home of the two-toed sloth exhibit. The exhibit opened in 2019.
On January 19, 2009, 15 bonnethead sharks died due to a maintenance error. When the filtration system was taken offline for cleaning, the ozone valve was turned off, to prevent the sharks from suffocating. The valve was turned back on by a staff member effectively killing them.
The men's 100 metres at the 2011 Asian Athletics Championships was held at the Kobe Universiade Memorial Stadium on the 7 and 8 of July.
In enzymology, a sulfolactate sulfo-lyase (EC 4.4.1.24, Suy, SuyAB, 3-sulfolactate bisulfite-lyase, sulfolactate sulfo-lyase) is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
This enzyme belongs to the family of lyases, specifically the class of carbon-sulfur lyases.  The systematic name of this enzyme class is 3-sulfolactate bisulfite-lyase (pyruvate-forming). Other names in common use include Suy, SuyAB, and 3-sulfolactate bisulfite-lyase.
 Palin (Vidhan Sabha constituency) is one of the 60 assembly constituencies of  Arunachal Pradesh a north east state of India. Palin is part of Arunachal East Lok Sabha constituency.
Moshe Yosef is a former Israeli footballer who played in Maccabi Netanya and was a part of the team that won the 1970-71 championship.
The Leisure Hive is the first serial of the 18th season of the British science fiction television series Doctor Who, which was first broadcast in four weekly parts on BBC1 from 30 August to 20 September 1980. It marks the return of John Leeson as the voice of K9.
In the serial, a criminal organisation of alien Foamasi called the West Lodge attempt to buy the planet Argolis from the Argolin people there as a West Lodge base. Meanwhile, the young Argolin Pangol (David Haig) seeks to start a war against the Foamasi his people had previously lost to with an army made up of clones of himself.
Working titles for this story included The Argolins and Avalon. Writer David Fisher conceived of the Foamasi as a race of organised criminals. "Foamasi" is a near-anagram of "mafioso". The episode was written as a satire of the decline of tourism in the United Kingdom in the 1970s. The alien costume used for the Foamasi was later reused in the 1981 BBC The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy as the leader of the G'Gugvuntt.
In a further attempt to update the image of the series, the original 1963 Delia Derbyshire arrangement of the theme music was replaced by a more contemporary-sounding arrangement by Peter Howell, and a new, '80s-styled neon tubing logo (which was en-vogue at the time) designed by Sid Sutton replaced the diamond logo most associated with the Fourth Doctor. The updated title sequence is most associated with the Fifth Doctor.
Laurence Payne had previously played Johnny Ringo in The Gunfighters (1966) and later played Dastari in The Two Doctors (1985).
A novelisation of this serial, written by David Fisher, was published by Target Books in July 1982. The novelisation retains many elements of the original script that was intended as a spoof on the Mafia. The original name of Argolis is given as Xbrrrm.
The Leisure Hive was released on VHS in January 1997, on DVD in July 2004, and as part of the Doctor Who DVD Files (issue 98) in October 2012. Peter Howell's incidental music for the serial was released as part of the compilation album Doctor Who at the BBC Radiophonic Workshop Volume 3: The Leisure Hive in 2002.
In between jobs as a teacher, he attended and graduated in 1826 from Pennsylvania's Washington College, where he became an instructor. He was close friends with Washington College's President Andrew Wylie and lived in Wylie's house for a time; they often would walk the three miles to Washington College together.
McGuffey left Washington College in 1826 to become a professor of ancient languages at Miami University in Oxford, Ohio. In 1832, he was transferred to the chair of moral philosophy.
In 1829, he was licensed as a minister in the Presbyterian Church at Bethel Chapel.[citation needed] He preached frequently during the remainder of his life.
Truman and Smith, a Cincinnati publisher, wanted to publish a series of four graded readers for schoolchildren. Based upon a recommendation from Harriet Beecher Stowe, they hired McGuffey. His brother Alexander Hamilton McGuffey wrote the fifth and sixth readers for the McGuffey Readers series. His books sold over 120 million copies and still continue to be used for homeschooling.
In 1836, he left Miami to become president of Cincinnati College, where he also served as a distinguished teacher and lecturer.  He left Cincinnati in 1839 to become the 4th president of Ohio University, which he left in 1843 to become president of what was then called the Woodward Free Grammar School in Cincinnati, one of the country's earliest public schools.
From 1843 to 1845, he was a professor in Woodward College in Cincinnati. While in Cincinnati he began the preparation of an "Eclectic" series of readers and spellers, which became popular, and have been many times revised and reissued. From 1845 till his death, he occupied the chair of moral philosophy and political economy in the University of Virginia in Charlottesville, Virginia.
He was married to Harriet Spinning of Dayton, Ohio in 1827. They had five children, who were expected to act with submission and obedience, according to one of their daughter's diary. McGuffey believed in the importance of education and religion to live successful lives.
McGuffey and Harriet had as many as three slaves while at Virginia.[b] One of these enslaved individuals was William Gibbons, who was hired out to them. Gibbons was literate. He was said to be self-taught and also said to have been instructed by McGuffey's daughter Maria. He later became a minister in Charlottesville and Washington, D.C.[c]
Harriet was ill during the summer of 1850 and was taken to her parent's home in Woodside by McGuffey. Her health did not improve as hoped and she died on July 3. She was buried in Woodside Cemetery. He later married Miss Laura Howard, daughter of Dean Howard of the University of Virginia. They had one daughter, Anna. She died at the age of four.
During the American Civil War and the Reconstruction era, McGuffey was generous in his donations to the poor and African Americans. McGuffey died May 4, 1873 at the University of Virginia, and is buried in the University of Virginia Cemetery, in Charlottesville, Virginia.
McGuffey was Henry Ford's favorite author and was always proud of his exposure to McGuffey's teachings, which "reinforced an ordered, rigid, and straightforward view of the world where white was white and black was black".
Named for William Holmes McGuffey's influential primers that first appeared in 1836 and remained in print until 1921, the McGuffey longevity awards recognize long-lived, still-in-use textbooks of excellence.
The Vaippu Sthalam also Called Tevara Vaippu Sthalam are places in South India that were mentioned casually in the songs in Tevaram, hymns composed in praise of Lord Shiva during 7th-8th century.[citation needed] It is one of the shrines of the Vaippu Sthalams sung by Tamil Saivite Nayanar Appar. This place might have been the Neithalankanal very Kaverippumpattinam. Later it might have got the name of Neithalvasal.
The list of the Vaippu Sthalam is found in each verse of Tevaram that may be part of verses glorifying other temples.[citation needed]
The presiding deity in the garbhagriha, represented by the lingam, is Munivasakasamy. He is also known Kailasanathar. His consort is known as Mathurabashini.
This article about Hindu place of worship in Tamil Nadu is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Some hospitals, such as San Francisco General Hospital, have medical surge exercises to train staff.
In February 2019, the American Hospital Association released a report that medical surge capacity was one of four major challenges threatening rural hospitals' ability to provide care, along with the "opioid epidemic," violence in the community, and cyber threats.
According to the U.S. Department of Health & Human Services, medical surge capacity is "the ability to evaluate increased volume of patients .The requirements of surge may extend beyond direct patient care to include such tasks as extensive laboratory studies or epidemiological investigations. This is related to patients volume and  identifying numbers of hospital beds, personnel, supplies, and equipment should be identified and addressed."
According to the U.S. Department of Health & Human Services, medical surge capability required "special intervention to protect medical providers, other patients, and the integrity of the HCO. This is also the ability to manage patients requiring specialized medical care and evaluation." Notable examples include influxes of patients with SARS.
Pomeroy was born in Gloucester, Massachusetts, United States. He began playing trumpet at an early age. In his early teens he started performing in Boston, claiming inspiration from the music of Louis Armstrong. In 1946, at the age of 16, he became a member of the Musicians Union in Gloucester after the union did not have enough members to conduct a meeting. He studied dentistry at Harvard University for a year but dropped out to pursue his jazz career.
By the time of the 1900 United States Census, Sincock was living in Laurium, Calumet Township, in Michigan's Upper Peninsula with his mother Mary, five siblings, and grandfather William Higgins.  A biographical profile of Samuel Sincock indicates he moved to Okanogan County, Washington, in 1893, though no indication is given as to whether he was divorced from Herbert's mother, Mary Sincock.
While attending Michigan, Sincock had also played for the Calumet Aristocrats in the 1907 Northern-Copper Country League. He compiled a record of 6-9 in 15 games for the Aristocrats. He also played for the Harrisburg Senators in the Tri-State League in 1908.
Sincock was also the first British Columbian to make it to the major leagues. It took 47 years for another British Columbia native, Bob Alexander, to make his major league debut with the Baltimore Orioles in 1955.
At the time of the 1910 United States Census, Sincock was living with his mother, grandmother, and a sister at Laurim in Calumet Township, Michigan. He was employed as a solicitor for an electric company.
In a draft registration card completed in June 1917, Sincock stated that he was living in Grand Forks, North Dakota, where he was employed as the manager of the new business department for the Red River Power Co.  He also stated that he was a naturalized United States citizen with a wife and two children under age 12.  The draft registrar described him as medium height, stout, and having blue eyes and light hair.
At the time of the 1920 United States Census, Sincock was living in Nashwauk Township, Minnesota.  He was living with his brother-in-law and his two children, Gordon and Mary.  He was employed as a draftsman.
At the time of the 1930 United States Census, Sincock was living in Chicago and employed as a teacher in a public school. He was living with his wife Lillian and 13-year-old daughter Mary.
In a draft registration card completed in April 1942, Sincock stated that he was living in Chicago.  He was living and working at the New Lawrence Hotel at 1020 Lawrence Avenue, several blocks southwest of Soldier Field.
In his later years, Sincock was employed as the manager of the Douglass House, a hotel in downtown Houghton, Michigan.  In August 1946, while still employed as the manager of the Douglass House, Sincock died suddenly at Houghton.  He is buried in the Lake View Cemetery in Calumet, Michigan.
This biographical article related to fencing in Egypt is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Burning at Both Ends peaked at number 165 on the Billboard 200. In addition, it charted on two Billboard component charts: number 27 on Independent Albums, and number 43 on Top Rock Albums. Dead Press! ranked the release at number seven on their top ten pop punk albums of the year list.
All songs written by Set Your Goals and Brian McTernan, except "Calaveras" by Mikey Ambrose. All lyrics by Matt Wilson and Jordan Brown.
Within a week of the game's initial release in Japan, it sold 76,452 units. The game received generally mixed reviews, with some of video games publications commenting on its frustrating gameplay and very little differences to older Dragon Ball Z games.
The game's mechanics are essentially the same as those of the Budokai series, with some elements carried over from Burst Limit. Players take control of and battle various characters from the Dragon Ball franchise. Forty-two characters are playable, in comparison with Budokai 3's  thirty-eight characters.
The game's story mode, called Dragon Mission, uses a map with various objective missions icons that retell some of the battles within the manga and anime series. Players take control of their icon, a Goku avatar, by walking or running to an available mission icon. These missions range from standard and timed endurance battles. Other missions include mini games such as on-foot searches, races to reach a destination or find an item, timed button sequence responders and first person shooters.
Skill capsules are carried over from the Budokai series. They allow players to customize characters with a variety of special techniques and attributes. The capsules can be bought with Zeni, and the more of the same capsule a player buys, the stronger their effects become. This differs from the Budokai series, where skills had to be placed multiple times on a character for them to become stronger.
A mode called "Fighter's Road" becomes available after certain goals are met. Players participate in a series of battles on four of the maps from the Dragon Mission mode. Like Dragon Mission, players are rewarded a certain amount of Zeni after every victory. They are also rewarded more Zeni according to how many battles they've won when they exit.
According to producer Riyo Mito, the game's title Infinite World implies the immense gameplay of the epic Dragon Ball universe within the scope of the game's Dragon Mission mode. The game was specifically chosen for the PlayStation 2 to target fans that did not have access to the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 consoles to play the previous title, Burst Limit, at the time.
This release also include the closing theme "Dragon Ball Party" and the English version of the opening theme "We Gonna Take You There". Ironically, the version of the song that was used was the Japanese version as opposed to the English version, which contrasted to the previous two Dragon Ball Z console games Budokai Tenkaichi 3 and Burst Limit which used English versions of their opening theme songs.
The game went on to only sell 200,000 copies in Japan and 80,000 copies in the United States as of August 2010. However, Infinite World went on to become Japan's second top-selling game in 2008, selling 76,452 units the first week in the country right behind Professor Layton and the Unwound Future.
The university was selected to participate in Project 211, a government initiative which provided significant funding to elevate the research standards and faculty hiring resources of rising universities across China. In 2017, the university was recognized by the Chinese Ministry of Education as a Double First Class University, with Double First Class status in certain disciplines which the government seeks to elevate to "world-class" status.
In 1997, the Guizhou Agricultural College, Guizhou Institute of Arts, and Guizhou Agricultural Cadre-Training School were merged into NGU to form Guizhou University.
In 2004, the Guizhou University of Technology merged into Guizhou University to complete the current Guizhou University. In 2005, the University was invited as a member of Project 211 by the Ministry of Education.
Guizhou University established a sister school relationship with the Presbyterian College in Clinton, South Carolina; the latter offers a Chinese language program for the fifteen American students every year.
The university consists of 39 colleges and offers programs of study in 11 academic divisions leading to associate, baccalaureate, master's, and doctoral degrees. These include:
In 2005, eight years after Gui Nong (Guizhou Agricultural College) was merged with Gui Da (Guizhou University), Guizhou University began hosting United States Peace Corps Volunteers. The volunteers teach at both the undergraduate and graduate level in the School of Foreign Languages.
Guizhou University has nine campuses situated in different locations around the city of Guiyang. The administrative center is located on the North Campus on the Huaxi River, Huaxi District of Guiyang.
North West Warriors was formed in 2013 and became a Twenty20 team in 2017. They played their inaugural Twenty20 in the 2017 Inter-Provincial Trophy against Northern Knights. In total, 29 players have appeared in Twenty20 cricket for North West Warriors, with three players (Andy McBrine, David Rankin, and Stuart Thompson) having played in all fifteen Twenty20 fixtures played by North West Warriors.
Players are initially listed in order of appearance; where players made their debut in the same match, they are initially listed by batting order.
 The common warehouse metamodel (CWM) defines a specification for modeling metadata for relational, non-relational, multi-dimensional, and most other objects found in a data warehousing environment.  The specification is released and owned by the Object Management Group, which also claims a trademark in the use of "CWM".
The CWM specifies interfaces that can be used to enable interchange of warehouse and business intelligence metadata between warehouse tools, warehouse platforms and warehouse metadata repositories in distributed heterogeneous environments. CWM is based on three standards:
Initially, CWM contained a local definition for a data translation facility. It is not clear how the QVT final adopted specification will affect CWM.
While the Object Management Group owns the standard for CWM, some companies are considered co-submitters of the CWM specification.  The following companies were listed as co-submitters to the v1.1 specification:
Software vendors claiming CWM support differ in the degree to which they comply with CWM.  Some were co-submitters of the specification, and are actively using the OMG trademark in marketing literature.  Other vendors have expressed support for CWM or claim they have products that are "CWM-compliant."
Questions about compliance are addressed within the specification itself.  Chapter 18 in both the 1.0 and 1.1 specification list required and optional compliance points.
The Object Management Group has a list of CWM implementations, but it is unclear how this list is maintained.
Compliance with the CWM specification does not guarantee tools from different vendors will integrate well, even when they are "CWM-compliant". The OMG addressed some of these issues by releasing patterns and best practices to correct these problems in a supplementary specification, CWM Metadata Interchange Patterns
These vendors have been identified as having a CWM implementation or have active projects to support CWM.
The following products or companies have claimed CWM support, but are not listed by OMG as having a CWM implementation. In some cases, the vendor may have implemented the v1.0 specification, which was replaced by the v1.1 specification. Refer to the software vendor to determine if the product is compliant with CWM or merely supports a subset of the required portions of the specification.
After the war, what is now Smiths Group used the airport as a test site for various aircraft. At the same time the airport provided scheduled services to the Channel Islands, Dublin and Isle of Man. In the 1960s the Skyfame Museum, dedicated to World War II aircraft, opened.
In the 1990s, both the Police Aviation Services and Bond Air Services stationed helicopters and their headquarters at Staverton. In 1993, its name was changed to Gloucestershire Airport in an effort to "reflect its increasing prominence as the business aviation centre for the county".
During the 1990s, Staverton was the home of the MidWest production facility where the company manufactured the MidWest AE series of single- and twin-rotor Wankel aero-engines for light aircraft. The twin-rotor engine was first installed into two ARV Super2 aircraft.  Midwest was eventually closed down, and its assets bought by Austrian manufacturer Diamond Aircraft Industries.
Between 2013 and 2017, Citywing operated scheduled flights from the airport, describing it as "Gloucester (M5) Airport" and marketing it as an alternative to Birmingham Airport, Bristol Airport and to a lesser extent Oxford Airport.
Many of the flights to and from the airport are for business purposes, but there are also recreational flights and training flights.
The airport houses several flying clubs for private pilots including Bristol Aero Club, Cotswold Aero Club and the Staverton Flying School alongside commercial pilot training from Aeros and Skyborne Aviation.  Specialist helicopter trainers JK Helicopter Training and Heli Air also provide gift/pleasure helicopter flights. People are able to undertake their pilot's licence training at the airport.
Also based at the airport is the Little Jet Company, which has a fleet of Citation Bravo and King Air 350 business jets that can be chartered around Europe.
Citywing previously flew a minimum of five weekly to the Isle of Man during the winter months and up to 25 times weekly during the summer peak season. The Jersey route was flown three times per month during the peak season between July and September, but was not operated during the winter months. This service ended in March 2017, after the airline was liquidated.
Peaceful Places is a heritage tourism trail, launched in 2014. The trail encompasses churches and chapels across the north of the Ceredigion county of Wales, each with its own story. There are 17 places to visit which can be found at Cardigan Bay, and in the valleys and hills of the Cambrian Mountains. The heritage contained within the places of worship span from pre-Christian to modern times.
Pennant Hills High School offers many subjects, with the faculties including Social Sciences, Science, Agriculture, English, Music, Christian Education, History, Maths, Visual Arts, Industrial Arts or TAS, Languages and Physical Education. PHHS also contains a Special Education system, helping physically and intellectually challenged students.
Pennant Hills High School contains a multi-purpose centre (Robert Stacey Hall), new Design and Technology/Visual Arts buildings, the Alfred Gray Memorial Library, and many specialty rooms including science labs, cooking and computer rooms. It also has two fields for sports such as football, rugby and cricket. An agricultural plot is located at the rear of the school, housing crops, sheep, chickens and other livestock.
The school suffered from a fire on 11 June 2001, destroying the school administration building, Industrial Arts Block, and the English, History, Mathematics and Visual Arts staffrooms.
The school now has had an elevator installed between levels 2 and 4 (for use by disabled or injured students), and a new Design and Technology and Visual Arts building. In 2005, a new Covered Outdoor Learning Area (COLA) was constructed.
The Agriculture area is fondly known as the "Ag Plot" or the "Farm" and consists of several small paddocks, an area for growing plants, a machinery shed, a tool shed, a greenhouse and another shed that stores seeds and the like.
A blue plaque, attached to the Leinster Terrace end of the building in 1977, commemorates American author Bret Harte, who resided and died at 74 Lancaster Gate in 1902.
The Department of Social Services (DSS) is a department of the Government of Australia charged with the responsibility for national policies and programs that help deliver a strong and fair society for all Australians. The department develops and implements social policy.
The head of the department is the Secretary of the Department of Social Services, currently Ray Griggs, who reports to the Anne Ruston, Minister for Families and Social Services. Previously, the Minister for Social Services was Paul Fletcher MP from 2018 to 2019. In the Turnbull Government, the ministers were assisted by the Assistant Minister for Disability Services, the Hon. Jane Prentice MP and the Assistant Minister for Multicultural Affairs, the Hon. Craig Laundy MP.
The head office of the department is located in the Australian Capital Territory suburb of Greenway.
The department was formed by way of an Administrative Arrangements Order issued on 18 September 2013 and replaced the majority of the functions previously performed by the former Department of Families, Housing, Community Services and Indigenous Affairs (FaHCSIA); with the exception of Office of Indigenous Policy Coordination, that was transferred to the Department of the Prime Minister and Cabinet.
In an Administrative Arrangements Order made on 18 September 2013, the functions of the department were broadly classified into the following matters:
The Secretary of the Department Social Services is the head of the department, also known as the secretary of the level of Senior Executive Service Band 4 in the Australian Public Service as per the Public Service Act 1999.
This article is a list of historic places in Alberta's Rockies, including those in Banff National Park and Jasper National Park. It includes places entered on the Canadian Register of Historic Places, whether they are federal, provincial, or municipal.
The 700 was launched at the 1934 Prague Motor Show. Priced at 22,900 CSK in its four-seater guise, 1,002 vehicles were manufactured before production ceased in June 1937.
Albion is a city in and the county seat of Edwards County, Illinois, United States. The population was 1,988 at the 2010 census. The city was named "Albion" after an ancient and poetic reference to the island of Great Britain.
A 3.8-magnitude earthquake occurred seven and a half miles outside of the city on September 19, 2017.
Albion was laid out in 1818 as a utopian community, and given the name Albion, a literary name for England.
In 1821, the county seat of Edwards County was moved from Palmyra to Albion. However, residents of Mount Carmel felt their town should be the county seat. Four companies of militia marched from Mount Carmel towards Albion to seize the county documents stored in the courthouse. The situation was eventually resolved in 1824 by separating Wabash County from Edwards County at Bonpas Creek. The resulting counties remain two of the smallest in Illinois.
As of the census of 2000, there were 1,933 people, 861 households, and 538 families residing in the city.  The population density was 903.8 people per square mile (348.8/km2).  There were 957 housing units at an average density of 447.5 per square mile (172.7/km2).  The racial makeup of the city was 98.71% White, 0.16% African American, 0.10% Native American, 0.57% Asian, 0.21% from other races, and 0.26% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.57% of the population.
There were 861 households, out of which 26.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.5% were married couples living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.4% were non-families. 34.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.82.
In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.6% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 24.0% from 25 to 44, 22.8% from 45 to 64, and 24.3% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.7 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.3 males.
The median income for a household in the city was $29,476, and the median income for a family was $36,917. Males had a median income of $26,182 versus $17,375 for females. The per capita income for the city was $14,747.  About 8.6% of families and 12.2% of the population were below the poverty line, including 19.0% of those under age 18 and 9.3% of those age 65 or over.
The Baseball Finnish Championship Series (Finnish: Baseballin SM-sarja) has been played in Finland since 1981. Currently the Championship consists of 6 teams, but has had as many as 7 (in 2007). The Championship winner represents Finland in the following year's CEB European Cup tournament.
Gavin Carragher (born 17 July 1933) is an Australian sprinter. He competed in the men's 100 metres at the 1956 Summer Olympics.
This biographical article relating to Australian athletics is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The EQ245/EQ2100 is a 3.5 tonne capacity, six-wheel drive troop/cargo carrier truck developed and built by Dongfeng Motor Corporation and used by the People's Liberation Army of the People's Republic of China for transport.
Ronjan Sodhi (born 23 October 1979 in Ferozepur, Punjab, India) is an Indian Double trap shooter. He won two silver medals at the 2010 Commonwealth Games and a gold medal at the 2010 Asian Games. In 2011, he became first Indian to successfully defend a World Cup title. He is also a recipient of the Arjuna Award and  Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna award (2013).
Ronjan Sodhi shot a perfect 50 hits out of 50 clays in the final and set a new world record with a score of 195 to clinch the coveted Gold Medal in Double Trap event at the 2010 ISSF World Cup held at Lonato, Italy.
On 6 October, Sodhi won the Platinum Medal in Men's Double Trap Singles. He along with Asher Noria also won the Silver Medal in Men's Double Trap Pairs, losing to the eventual champions Stevan Walton and Steven Scott by one point.
Sodhi scored a total of 186 and thus, managed to win the Gold Medal in Men's Double Trap Event at the Asian Games 2010. He also won the bronze medal in the Men's Double Trap Team.
Sodhi scored a total of 183 hits (144 in the qualifications, and 41 hits in the final) and won the Silver Medal in 2011 ISSF World Cup held at Beijing, China, thus earning an Olympic Quota for India.
Sodhi became the only Indian marksman to grab the top spot in the latest ISSF World Rankings. Ronjan, who was earlier ranked second behind American Joshua Richmond by three points, attained the summit by virtue of his bronze medal-winning feat at the World Cup earlier in July in Maribor, Slovenia.
Sodhi won the Gold Medal at the 2011 ISSF World Cup held at Al Ain, United Arab Emirates on 4 October 2011. Hu Binuyuan of China came second.
John Wurster (born January 12, 1948) is an American speed skater. He competed at the 1968 Winter Olympics and the 1972 Winter Olympics.
This biographical article about a speed skater from the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
In September 1882, the club amalgamated with local rivals Grosvenor Football Club to form Windsor Football Club.
This article about a defunct English football club is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Notes of a Native Son is a collection of ten essays by James Baldwin, published in 1955, mostly tackling issues of race in America and Europe. The volume, as his first non-fiction book, compiles essays of Baldwin that had previously appeared in such magazines as Harper's Magazine, Partisan Review, and The New Leader.
Notes of a Native Son is widely regarded as a classic of the black autobiographical genre. The Modern Library placed it at number 19 on its list of the 100 best 20th-century nonfiction books.
Baldwin castigates Harriet Beecher Stowe's Uncle Tom's Cabin for being too sentimental, and for depicting black slaves as praying to a white God so as to be cleansed and whitened. He proceeds to repudiate Richard Wright's Native Son for portraying Bigger Thomas as an angry black man, viewing this as an example of stigmatizing categorization.
Baldwin offers a sharp critique of Richard Wright's Native Son, citing its main character, Bigger Thomas, as unrealistic, unsympathetic and stereotypical.
Baldwin criticises Carmen Jones, a film adaptation of Carmen using an all-black cast. Baldwin is unhappy that the characters display no connection to the condition of blacks and sees it as no coincidence that the main characters have lighter complexions.
Baldwin tells the story that happened to The Melodeers, a group of jazz singers (including two of Baldwin's brothers) employed by the Progressive Party to sing in Southern Churches. However, once in Atlanta, Georgia, they were used for canvassing until they refused to sing at all and were returned to their hometown. They now enjoy success in New York City.
Corydoras cortesi is a tropical freshwater fish belonging to the subfamily Corydoradinae of the family Callichthyidae found in Colombia.
There were some instances of slaves in early 19th century, such as the Green family of Bent's Fort. Former enslaved men and women settled in Colorado, establishing themselves as business people, legislators, and other professions.
In 1877, the state passed a law that made slavery and servitude illegal, except for convicted individuals. In 2018, an Amendment was passed to make slavery, or forced labor, of convicted people illegal.
Apache, Jumanos, and Kiowa settlements were raided by Utes and Comanche natives on horseback. Children and adults were captured and sold in villages.
Before Colorado Territory was formed, previous territories were formed from the Louisiana Purchase (1803) and subsequent treaties that encompass land of the present-day state of Colorado.
James Beckwourth, born into slavery in 1805 in Virginia, escaped slavery. He came west, including to the Colorado area beginning in 1822. He was part of an expedition to lead mines, was an explorer of the Rocky Mountains, and was a fur trapper and mountain man. He was also a co-founder of El Pueblo.
After Utes raided El Pueblo (now known as Pueblo, Colorado in the Massacre of 1854, young Juan Isidro Sandoval was captured by the Utes and sold as a slave. He was enslaved for eight years and then freed in exchange for a Hawken rifle and $300 dollars (equivalent to $7,777 in 2020) in silver.
In the mid-19th century blacks came to Colorado with other fortune seekers during the Pike's Peak Gold Rush and lived in and around Denver, Boulder, Cripple Creek, and Central City, Colorado. A number of black members of the 9th and 10th United States Cavalry, the Buffalo Soldiers, settled in Colorado after they completed their military career.
Barney Ford was an enslaved man from Virginia who ran away using the Underground Railroad, he lived in several places in the United States an in Central America before he settled in Denver. He was a civil rights activist and a successful businessman. He helped freed slaves attain an education.
Henry O. Wagoner, an Underground Railroad conductor before moving to Colorado, promoted civil rights. He paid legal fees for fugitive slaves. William Jefferson Hardin, born free in Kentucky, came to Colorado in 1863. He was the mayor of Leadville, fought for civil rights, and was the first African American elected to the Wyoming Territory Legislative Assembly.
On November 15, 1865, the Zion Baptist Church was founded. Its members, who "played sterling roles" throughout the city and beyond, included former enslaved people, activists, teachers, doctors, preachers, politicians and more.
Ubell attended Brooklyn College in New York, where he earned a Bachelor of Arts in English Literature in 1961. He pursued studies in studio art, art history, and printmaking at various institutions, including Accademia di Belle Arti di Roma in Rome and Pratt Institute.
Ubell is a recipient of the A. Frank Mayadas Online Learning Leadership Award, the highest honor given to an individual in digital education. In 2011, the Online Learning Consortium (formerly known as the Sloan Consortium) named him among its 2011 Fellows and a Council Member of the Chongqing (China) International Exchange Association.
Disternopsis apicespinosa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1939. It is known from Australia.
After Francia's death in 1840, Carlos Antonio Lopez assumed power and modernized the army and expanded the navy. He opened an iron foundry at Ybycui that produced arms and bullets and also built up a railway system in the country to transport troops and materiel.
As of 2016, the Paraguayan Army had a total strength of 10,600 personnel, including 2,500 conscripts.
Six battalions of combat engineers, one communications battalion, one Special Forces battalion, seven regiments of infantry and six regiments of cavalry comprise the rest of the force. There is little organic aviation available to it.
Each corps has a weapons school run by its command. The logistical command manages and addresses materials, mobilization, health care, etc. The command of the Army Institute of Education administers three schools, commissioned and noncommissoned officers, a military academy and the CIMEFOR (a center for pre-military study that trains Reserve officers).
Each of the nine divisions that make up the three corps has one or two regiments of infantry or cavalry, its platoon of engineers, its communications section, military police units, etc.
Dying Breed is a 2008 Australian horror film that was directed by Jody Dwyer and stars Leigh Whannell and Nathan Phillips.
Tasmania, 1800s. Alexander Pearce, a convict known as "the Pieman", has escaped into the wilderness and he is being hunted by policemen with dogs. He is faced by a policeman who attempts to shoot Pearce, but his gun does not fire. Pearce then bites the policeman's neck, taking a large chunk from his throat, killing him, allowing Pearce to escape. In his escape he is confronted with a Tasmanian tiger, whom he sates by kicking a piece of the policeman over to for the predator to eat.
Dying Breed premiered on 26 April 2008 at Tribeca Film Festival. The cinema release was originally planned for 14 August, but was changed to 6 November 2008. It is rated MA15+ for Strong Horror Violence and Sex Scene, Blood and Gore. It was part of the third After Dark Horrorfest in 2009.
In Australia, one of the posters was banned, due to the "gruesome" picture; however, the poster was still allowed to be shown in cinema foyers, and online.
In its first weekend in Australia it was ranked #11 making A$220,878 across 113 cinemas. The film did poorly in the Australian box office, and made $525,384.
In Australia, the DVD was released during 8 April 2009. There are three different DVD covers that are available. The first features a meat pie, broken open with human organs inside. The second features four characters on the top, and the bottom is a woman running through woods. The third cover features a man being held by an elderly man. Special Features on all editions include:
The New York and Massachusetts portions of the mountain are within protected areas; Taconic State Park and Mount Washington State Forest respectively. The Connecticut portions are privately owned and conserved.
The summit of Brace is an open area with scrubby forest on the slopes. A cairn several feet high, with a small windsock attached, sits on the highest ground. There are views available in all directions.
Northwest the Helderberg Escarpment is visible, south of Albany. Closer to the mountain, the lower hills of Columbia and Dutchess counties are below. In the latter, Stissing Mountain and its fire tower, south of Pine Plains stand out. The Hudson Highlands are in the distant southwest.
The Mount Brace Outdoor Club, based in the valley below the mountain, operates the landing zone for hang gliding and paragliding from the summit. All such foot-launched aircraft pilots must sign in at the club, whether or not they are members. This is done under permit with the state Office of Parks, Recreation and Historic Preservation; pilots who do not check in with the club can be cited and fined.
Born in Tokyo. In 1980 March, he graduated from the Faculty of Law, University of Tokyo and in April, he joined the Maritime Self-Defense Force as a 31st general executive candidate (equivalent to the 24th term of the National Defense Academy).
In July 2003, Joint Staff Office, 5th Staff Office, Defense Planning Coordinator and General Team Leader.
After Gamsakhurdia's death, the Zviadists never created a single party, but joined various political organizations and social movements, while some of them continued to fight Eduard Shevardnadze's government.
Compliance can be confused with concordance, which is the process by which a patient and clinician make decisions together about treatment.
In medicine, compliance (synonymous with adherence, capacitance) describes the degree to which a patient correctly follows medical advice. Most commonly, it refers to medication or drug compliance, but it can also apply to medical device use, self care, self-directed exercises, or therapy sessions. Both patient and health-care provider affect compliance, and a positive physician-patient relationship is the most important factor in improving compliance,
The term concordance has been used in the United Kingdom to involve a patient in the treatment process to improve compliance, and refers to a 2003 NHS initiative. In this context, the patient is informed about their condition and treatment options, involved in the decision as to which course of action to take, and partially responsible for monitoring and reporting back to the team.
An estimated half of those for whom treatment regimens are prescribed do not follow them as directed.
Until recently,[when?] this was termed "non-compliance", which some regarded as meaning that someone did not follow the treatment directions due to irrational behavior or willful ignoring of instructions.[citation needed] The term adherence is often used to imply a collaborative approach to decision-making and treatment between a patient and clinician.
Cost and poor understanding of the directions for the treatment, referred to as 'health literacy' have been known to be major barriers to treatment adherence.  There is robust evidence that education and physical health are correlated. Poor educational attainment is a key factor in the cycle of health inequalities.
Educational qualifications help to determine an individual's position in the labour market, their level of income and therefore their access to resources.[citation needed]
In 1999 one fifth of UK adults, nearly seven million people, had problems with basic skills, especially functional literacy and functional numeracy, described as: "The ability to read, write and speak in English, and to use mathematics at a level necessary to function at work and in society in general." This made it impossible for them to effectively take medication, read labels, follow drug regimes, and find out more.
In 2003, 20% of adults in the UK had a long-standing illness or disability and a national study for the UK Department of Health, found more than one-third of people with poor or very poor health had literary skills of Entry Level 3 or below.
Low levels of literacy and numeracy were found to be associated with socio-economic deprivation. Adults in more deprived areas, such as the North East of England, performed at a lower level than those in less deprived areas such as the South East. Local authority tenants and those in poor health were particularly likely to lack basic skills.
A study of the relationship of literacy to asthma knowledge revealed that 31% of asthma patients with a reading level of a ten-year-old knew they needed to see the doctors, even when they were not having an asthma attack, compared to 90% with a high school graduate reading level.
In children with asthma self-management compliance is critical and co-morbidities have been noted to affect outcomes; in 2013 it has been suggested that electronic monitoring may help adherence.
Social factors of treatment adherence have been studied in children and adolescent psychiatric disorders:
People of different ethnic backgrounds have unique adherence issues through literacy, physiology, culture or poverty.[citation needed] There are few published studies on adherence in medicine taking in ethnic minority communities. Ethnicity and culture influence some health-determining behaviour, such as participation in screening programmes and attendance at follow-up appointments.
Prieto et al emphasised the influence of ethnic and cultural factors on adherence. They pointed out that groups differ in their attitudes, values and beliefs about health and illness. This view could affect adherence, particularly with preventive treatments and medication for asymptomatic conditions. Additionally, some cultures fatalistically attribute their good or poor health to their god(s), and attach less importance to self-care than others. also
Measures of adherence may need to be modified for different ethnic or cultural groups. In some cases, it may be advisable to assess patients from a cultural perspective before making decisions about their individual treatment.[citation needed]
Two forms of MPR can be calculated, fixed and variable. Calculating either is relatively straightforward, for Variable MPR (VMPR) it is calculated as the number of days' supply divided by the number of elapsed days including the last prescription.
    V M P R =    All days' supply Elapsed days (inclusive of last prescription)      {\displaystyle VMPR={\dfrac {\text{All days' supply}}{\text{Elapsed days (inclusive of last prescription)}}}}  
For the Fixed MPR (FMPR) the calculation is similar but the denominator is the number of days in a year whilst the numerator is constrained to be the number of days' supply within the year that the patient has been prescribed.
A not-for-profit organisation called the Healthcare Compliance Packaging Council of Europe] (HCPC-Europe) was set up[when?] between the pharmaceutical industry, the packaging industry with representatives of European patients organisations. The mission of HCPC-Europe is to assist and to educate the healthcare sector in the improvement of patient compliance through the use of packaging solutions. A variety of packaging solutions have been developed by this collaboration.
The World Health Organization (WHO) groups barriers to medication adherence into five categories; health care team and system-related factors, social and economic factors, condition-related factors, therapy-related factors, and patient-related factors. Common barriers include:
In 2012 it was predicted that as telemedicine technology improves, physicians will have better capabilities to remotely monitor patients in real-time and to communicate recommendations and medication adjustments using personal mobile devices, such as smartphones, rather than waiting until the next office visit.
The effectiveness of two-way email communication between health care professionals and their patients has not been adequately assessed.
Depot injection's need to be taken less regularly than other forms of medication and a medical professional is involved in the administration of drugs so can increase compliance. Depot's are used for oral contraceptive pill and antipsychotic medication used to treat schizophrenia and bipolar disorder.
A WHO study estimates that only 50% of patients suffering from chronic diseases in developed countries follow treatment recommendations.
200,000 new cases of cancer are diagnosed each year in the UK. One in three adults in the UK will develop cancer that can be life-threatening, and 120,000 people will be killed by their cancer each year. This accounts for 25% of all deaths in the UK. However while 90% of cancer pain can be effectively treated, only 40% of patients adhere to their medicines due to poor understanding.[citation needed]
Results of a recent (2016) systematic review found a large proportion of patients struggle to take their oral antineoplastic medications as prescribed. This presents opportunities and challenges for patient education, reviewing and documenting treatment plans, and patient monitoring, especially with the increase in patient cancer treatments at home.
Partridge et al (2002) identified evidence to show that adherence rates in cancer treatment are variable, and sometimes surprisingly poor. The following table is a summary of their findings:
In 1998, trials evaluating Tamoxifen as a preventative agent have shown dropout rates of around one-third:
Patients with diabetes are at high risk of developing coronary heart disease and usually have related conditions that make their treatment regimens even more complex, such as hypertension, obesity and depression which are also characterised by poor rates of adherence.
As a result of poor compliance,[citation needed] 75% of patients with a diagnosis of hypertension do not achieve optimum blood-pressure control.[citation needed]
Nikenbah is a rural town and locality in the Fraser Coast Region, Queensland, Australia. In the 2016 census the locality of Nikenbah had a population of 657 people.
The town was originally named Aalberg by Danish settlers. However, by 1883, it had acquired the name Nikenbah, which is a corruption of Aboriginal words (Kabi language), nguruin meaning emu and ba meaning place.
Glendyne Education and Training Centre opened in Nikenbah in 2002 as a special assistance school for children who are unsuited to mainstream schooling. It is operated by Carinity (formerly Queensland Baptist Care).
There are no mainstream schools in Nikenbah. The nearest primary schools are Yarrilee State School in neighbouring Urraween to the north and Kawungan State School in neighbouring Kawungan to the north-east. The nearest secondary schools are Hervey Bay State High School in Pialba to the north and Urangan State High School in Urangan to the north-east.
Since the arrival of European settlers, the peninsula has been converted from native New Zealand bush to farmland.
Although some people objected to giving their religion, 60.7% had no religion, 26.5% were Christian, and 3.6% had other religions.
Of those at least 15 years old, 312 (13.0%) people had a bachelor or higher degree, and 522 (21.8%) people had no formal qualifications. The median income was $34,700. The employment status of those at least 15 was that 1,236 (51.6%) people were employed full-time, 354 (14.8%) were part-time, and 75 (3.1%) were unemployed.
Awhitu District School and Waipipi School are coeducational full primary schools (years 1-8) with rolls of 113 and 143 students respectively as of March 2021.
The Peninsula has a high sympatric diversity of native New Zealand land snails. Communities of >70 native species in a 4 ha patch of bush can be found here, whereas in other parts of the world, 15 sympatric land snail species would be considered high. Grazing and other habitat disturbances can negatively impact this diversity.
Pinto began rallying in 1968. In 1972, he won the European Rally Championship in a Fiat 124 Sport Spider. The following year, the World Rally Championship was run for the first time, and Pinto competed with Fiat, winning the 1974 Rally Portugal. For 1975, he moved to Lancia, where he remained until the end of 1977, driving the legendary Lancia Stratos HF.
This biographical article related to Portuguese auto racing is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This biographical article related to European rallying is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about a railway station in the Indian state of Karnataka is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Thomas Grady (born March 18, 1985) is an American football quarterback who primarily played in the Arena Football League (AFL). 
After a standout high school career at Edison High School,  Grady signed with the University of Oklahoma to continue his football career. After a lack of playing time for two years, Grady transferred to the University of Utah. While at Utah, Grady saw limited action again, making only three starts in his career. 
On July 8, 2003, Grady committed to Oklahoma. Grady chose Oklahoma over offers from Florida State, Tennessee, UCLA, USC and Washington.
Grady began his college career at the University of Oklahoma, He redshirted in 2003, and watched from the sidelines as starter Jason White won the Heisman Trophy. As White's backup in 2004, Grady completed 12 of 14 passes for 63 yards and one touchdown.
Grady was assigned to the Pittsburgh Power on September 6, 2013 after he was selected in the dispersal draft of the Chicago Rush and Blaze players. The Power folded after the 2014 season.
On April 2, 2018, Grady returned to the AFL with the expansion Albany Empire.  He led the team to the best regular season record and was named the All-Arena team, but lost in the semifinals to two-win Washington Valor. He stayed with the Empire for the 2019 season and defeated the Philadelphia Soul in ArenaBowl 32, giving Grady his first Arena Bowl championship. Grady won the Most Valuable Player Award in 2018 and 2019. The AFL folded after the 2019 season.
Landore is bounded by the wards of Castle to the south west; Cwmbwrla to the west; Mynydd-Bach to the north west; Morriston to the north; Bonymaen to the east; and St. Thomas to the south east.
The electoral ward consists of some or all of the following areas: Castle Graig, Brynhyfryd, Hafod, Landore, Morfa and Plasmarl, in the parliamentary constituency of Swansea East.  However the Landore ward can be split into three chief areas from north to south: Plasmarl, Landore and Hafod.
For electoral purposes, Landore is divided into a number of polling districts: Plasmarl, Cnap Llwyd, Glandwr and Hafod.
The Elected Councillors for the Landore Ward are Cllr Viv Abbott (Liberal Democrat) and Cllr Rob Speht (Liberal Democrat).
Landore is a residential area.  It has seen a number of new developments during the early millennium decade, such as the Liberty Stadium, now the Swansea.com Stadium, which opened in 2005 and a new out-of-town retail park built around the same time.
Morfa is a former area of light industry, which is now dominated by a retail park in the north western part of the ward.
Landore was one of the ten wards created to Swansea County Borough Council, electing two representatives in the November 1889 elections.
The Redbirds received an invitation to the 1978 National Invitation Tournament. They were beaten by Indiana State University in the first round.
Piervittorio Pampuro (born 22 April 1917) was an Italian field hockey player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
This biographical article relating to an Italian field hockey figure is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Rhytiphora anaglypta is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Francis Polkinghorne Pascoe in 1867. It is known from Australia.
CollegeNET, Inc. is an American developer of web technology for higher education and non-profit institutions based in Portland, Oregon.
The company changed its name to CollegeNET in May 1999. In recent years, CollegeNET has expanded its products to include online course evaluation and all-purpose surveys; asynchronous video interviewing, international academic recruitment, and career services for students.
CollegeNET is a major financial contributor to college students. The company operates the Mach 25 scholarship search engine and has distributed over $2.25 million through the CollegeNET.com scholarship election site. CollegeNET.com is the first social network in the higher education arena that awards weekly and quarterly scholarships to students based on interactive participation and peer-voting.
CollegeNet produces the Social Mobility Index (SMI) which measures the degree that individual colleges and universities contribute to social mobility. 
The Nordic 10000m Challenge is an annual long-distance running competition over 10,000 metres between the Nordic countries: Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Finland and Iceland. The competition was established in 1997, the same year as the European 10,000m Cup.
The organising body, Nordic Athletics, has also encouraged participation of the Baltic countries: Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania.
Nyein Chan (born 2 June 1991) is a Burmese professional footballer who plays as a defender and currently plays in Shan United.
In 2019, Nyein Chan was chosen for 2022 World Cup Qualification Stage and first time ever played for Myanmar national football team against Nepal national football team. And then, he played against Tajikistan national football team  and Mongolia national football team.
This biographical article related to Burmese (Myanmar) association football is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Kuznetsov NK-6 was a low-bypass afterburning turbofan engine, designed by the Kuznetsov Design Bureau.
Devereux was the son of Price Devereux, 9th Viscount Hereford and his wife Mary Sandys, daughter of Samuel Sandys of Ombersley Court, Worcestershire. He entered Balliol College, Oxford in 1711.
In 1719 Devereux was High Sheriff of Brecknockshire, having inherited the estate of the Morgans of Pencoyd near Hay-on-Wye. The same year he was returned unopposed at a by-election as Member of Parliament for Montgomeryshire. He was returned again for Montgomeryshire at the general elections of 1722 and 1727. In 1727 he was also returned as MP for Orford but preferred to represent Montgomeryshire where he was returned again at the 1734 general election.
In 1740 he surrendered his seat when, on the death of his father, he succeeded to the peerage as Viscount Hereford, premier viscount of England, inheriting Vaynor Park in Montgomery. He married as his second wife (1740) a daughter of William Price of Rhiwlas, Merioneth.
On Devereux' death on 29 July 1748, the title passed to Edward Devereux, a distant cousin in Nantcribba, Montgomeryshire and the estate at Vaynor Park was sold.
This biography of a viscount or viscountess in the Peerage of England is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article relating to the superfamily Alucitoidea is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This geographical article about a location in Denizli Province, Turkey is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Despite its small size (fewer than 300 students are accepted each year, after a very selective exam), it is a crucial part of the infrastructure of Moroccan industry.
The Mines Rabat is often compared at the Mines ParisTech in France. In the limit of available places candidates can be admitted to this title and by level:
The admission to Mines Rabat in the normal cycle is made through a very selective entrance examination, and requires at least two years of preparation after high school in preparatory classes. Admission includes a week of written examinations during the spring followed sometimes by oral examinations over the summer.
Mines Rabat is ranked among the top 3 Moroccan Grandes Ecoles, though it doesn't appear in international rankings due to its very limited number of students (300 students for the class of 2016).
1st year at Mines Rabat - equivalent to - senior year of BSc. 2nd year at Mines Rabat - equivalent to - 1st year of MSc. 3rd (final) year at Mines Rabat - equivalent to - 2nd year of MSc.
Sharzhenga is located 68 km northwest of Nikolsk (the district's administrative centre) by road. Shirokaya is the nearest rural locality.
This Nikolsky District, Vologda Oblast location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
All the orphans had documents from both their life in Shanghai and their life after they transferred to their herdsmen foster parents in Xilin Gol League, Inner Mongolia. However, these records were all destroyed in the "Cultural Revolution" .
Notocomplana lapunda  is a flatworm. This worm is a hermaphrodite which lives in salt water. The scientific name of the species was first published by Marcus & Marcus in 1968.
This flatworm- (or platyhelminth-) related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The task of defining and mapping these ecoregions was carried out by the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Region 6, EPA-National Health and Environmental Effects Research Laboratory (Corvallis, Oregon), and the Multi-Agency Wetland Planning Team.[Note 1] The new classification system they developed may differ from previous frameworks developed separately by the agencies.
Arkansas is ecologically diverse. Though often simplistically split into halves from southwest to northeast, with "uplands" in the northwest half and "lowlands" in the southeastern half, the CEC system of levels reveals the diverse forests and floodplains, prairies and plateaus, ridges and river bottoms, and loess hills and lowlands of Arkansas.
Tom Pecora (born January 21, 1958) is an American college basketball coach. Pecora was hired as associate head coach at Quinnipiac on March 28, 2017 under new head coach Baker Dunleavy.
He has 198 wins as a Head Coach at the Division I level (Hofstra, Fordham), and 261 wins in his career as a collegiate coach.
During his time in Hempstead, Hofstra was the winningest program in the Metropolitan New York area. Over his last six years, Hofstra won 121 games, including four 20-win seasons. In 2006 and 2009, he was named Coach of the Year by the Metropolitan Basketball Writers Association (MBWA) and he also received regional Coach of the Year honors from the National Association of Basketball Coaches (NABC) and the Basketball Coaches Association of New York (BCANY).
Over his entire collegiate basketball coaching career, Pecora has a student-athlete graduation rate of 100 percent.
This biographical article relating to a United States basketball coach is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This biography of a member of a Middle Eastern royal house is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
All For Latvia! started in 2000 as a non-formal Latvian youth group with a nationalist disposition and became a social organization in 2002.
After a ban on symbols similar to the Nazi swastika or the Soviet hammer and sickle in 2003, members of the organization protested outside the Latvian parliament with ethnographic symbols bearing reversed versions of the swastika. All For Latvia! leader Dzintars Raivis defended the protest, arguing that "the swastika is by no means something Hitler thought of."[citation not found] The swastika symbol has featured prominently in Latvian folk symbology for centuries.
The organization became a political party in January 2006, running in that year's elections. It received 1.48% of vote and no seats in the parliament. Following that election, All For Latvia! organized remembrance processions of the Latvian legionnaires who fought against the Communist Soviet Union on the side of Nazi Germany during World War II.
On 23 July 2011, the For Fatherland and Freedom/LNNK Party and All For Latvia! merged to form the National Alliance.
In April 2013, All For Latvia! officially established cooperation ties with the National Democratic Alliance, a political association in the Russian Federation, which "aims to create a Russian democratic state, which will break cleanly away from the Eurasian imperial legacy, opting instead for a European cultural and civilizational identity, based on the ideas of freedom and progress" and is "sustaining a course for consistent rapprochement and cooperation with the European Union and NATO".
All For Latvia! supports protectionist economic policies to increase the role of locally owned businesses. It is supportive of the traditional family, opposed to homosexuality, gambling and favours more restrictive regulation of alcohol sales. It believes that the common interests of the nation have a higher value than the interests of individual people.
All For Latvia! party leader Raivis Dzintars replied to accusations of Fascism by stating that there were "times when you could be called a fascist only because you replied in Latvian to a question asked in Russian."[citation not found]
MEP from Harmony Centre Alexander Mirsky was successfully sued by All For Latvia! and other "National Alliance" members for calling them "Fascists" in public. In April 2013 Mirsky was found guilty by Riga District Court in smearing reputation of the plaintiffs and was asked to pay them damages.
This biographical article relating to Portuguese cycling is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The destination is accessible via road. However, tourists are prohibited to go close to the waterfall due to the poor route and treacherous nature of the fall.
The adjacent areas are filled with pine trees. Some of the plant species include eupatorium, lantana, rubus, fern, osmundastrum cinnamomeum and phegopteris.
It is believed by the local people that this fall is haunted. If people go in odd number, they return in even number. The waterfall has also been the subject of numerous suicides and is infamous for many deaths.
Thomas Amweg of Jo Zeller Racing was crowned champion by 127 points over Inter Europol Competition driver Jakub Smiechowski. Florian Schnitzenbaumer became the Trophy class champion for the first time.
Numbers used at Remus F3 Cup events listed; numbers used at races run to F2 Italian Trophy regulations displayed in tooltips.
Round 6 (Imola) was held together with the F2 Italian Trophy. However, no Italian F2 Trophy competitors were eligible to score Remus F3 Cup points.
Ware Lock (No2) is a lock on the River Lee Navigation at Ware. The lock stands adjacent to Ware Weir and is the only lock on the Navigation to be operated and maintained by the Environment Agency.
Unlike most of the locks on the Lea, when travelling upstream, the temporary mooring before entering the lock is on the right-hand (starboard) side of the river, as is the mooring on leaving the lock.[citation needed]
This article about a building or structure in Taiwan is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Charles Bwale (born 29 July 1976) is a Zambian football coach and former player who coaches Konkola Blades. A defender, he played in nine matches for the Zambia national team from 2000 to 2003. He was also named in Zambia's squad for the 2002 African Cup of Nations tournament. Bwale was appointed coach of Konkola Blades in late 2020.
This biographical article related to Zambian association football is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Perry also stood as an umpire in four first-class matches between 1859 and 1866.  He died at Thatcham, Berkshire, on 15 March 1913.
Cendant Corporation was an American provider of business and consumer services, primarily within the real estate and travel industries. In 2005 and 2006, Cendant broke up and spun off or sold its constituent businesses. Although the company was based in New York City, the majority of Cendant's headquarters employees were located in Parsippany-Troy Hills, New Jersey.
Blackstone took Hospitality Franchise Systems public in a December 1992 IPO. HFS was among the fastest growing companies of its size in the 1990s and the company's stock rose from its IPO price of $4 per share to $77 per share in 1998.
In 1993, HFS purchased the Super 8 brand, franchised to 1,000 motels, for $125 million, and bought the 61-hotel Park Inn brand. The company made a brief foray into the casino industry, but then spun off that business in November 1994 as National Gaming. In 1995, HFS launched a new hotel brand, Wingate Inn.
In 1996, HFS acquired the Avis car rental company for $793 million. In keeping with HFS's strategy of being primarily a franchisor, it kept ownership of the Avis brand name and reservations system, while selling off the operations of Avis's corporate-owned locations as a new company, Avis Rent a Car, Inc. HFS also bought Resort Condominiums International, a timeshare exchange service, for up to $825 million.
In 1997, HFS acquired PHH Corp. for $1.8 billion. PHH's businesses of mortgage brokerage, relocation services, and fleet management were expected to synergize with HFS's real estate and car rental businesses.
In January 1998, Cendant purchased Jackson Hewitt, a franchised chain of tax preparation offices, for $480 million.
In March 2001, Forbes and Shelton were indicted by a federal grand jury and sued by the Securities and Exchange Commission, which accused the company of directing the massive accounting fraud that ultimately cost the company and its investors billions of dollars. Shelton served 8 of his 10-year prison sentence before being released early for exemplary behavior. Former CEO Walter Forbes was sentenced to 12 years in prison in 2007.
Under Silverman, Cendant bounced back from the accounting scandal far outperforming the markets in the early 2000s.
Following the fraud debacle, Cendant began selling businesses to reduce its debt and repair the financial damage caused by the accounting scandal. In 1998 the company sold Hebdo Mag, a publisher of classified advertising publications, for $450 million to a management buyout group. In 1999 it sold its consumer software division, Cendant Software (consisting of Blizzard Entertainment, Davidson & Associates, Knowledge Adventure, and Sierra On-Line), to French publisher Havas for $770 million.
In 2004, Cendant began a series of moves to simplify its business and focus on its core areas of real estate and travel.
On October 23, 2005, Cendant's strategy of simplification culminated in the announcement that it would split into four separate companies, focused respectively on hotels, real estate, travel services, and rental cars. Silverman said the breakup would improve shareholder value by allowing the market to better recognize the value of Cendant's component businesses.
Cendant originally planned to spin off its travel services division to shareholders as a company named Travelport, but on June 30, 2006, Cendant announced it would sell Travelport to Blackstone for $4.3 billion.
On July 31, 2006, Cendant's real estate and hotel divisions were spun off and became separate companies under the names Realogy and Wyndham Worldwide, respectively.
The sale of Travelport to Blackstone was completed on August 23, 2006. This left Cendant with only its car rental business, comprising Avis, Budget Rent a Car, and Budget Truck Rental. The company retired the Cendant name and renamed itself to Avis Budget Group on September 1, 2006.
Cendant owned the rental brands of Avis and Budget, holding these properties in the CCRG (Cendant Car Rental Group).  Avis and Budget operate a shared fleet of cars, and have the same "back end" system, but operate at different locations, offer different service levels, and have somewhat different pricing. After the Cendant name was dissolved, the car rental segment became known as Avis Budget Group and currently trades on the NASDAQ stock exchange under the ticker symbol CAR.
This geographical article about a location in Baskil District, Turkey is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Many of the named portions of the course are due to historic falls or crashes by racers. The best known sections of the Lauberhorn downhill, or Lauberhornrennen, race are the following (in descending order):
One of the first reports of skiing from the Lauberhorn to Wengen was in 1912 when the Roberts of Candahar Ski Challenge Cup was offered. By 1927 it was just known as the Lauberhorn Ski Cup.
This article about a member of the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This biographical article related to a Sri Lankan cricket person born in the 1980s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article related to an Italian film of the 1950s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Graham and his family moved to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania in 1968, where he later attended Gateway High School. Graham gained interest in science and mathematics from his father who was a nuclear physicist.
Graham received a Bachelor of Arts in philosophy from Cornell University (1986). He then attended Harvard University, earning Master of Science (1988) and Doctor of Philosophy (1990) degrees in computer science. He has also studied painting at the Rhode Island School of Design and at the Accademia di Belle Arti in Florence.
In 2001, Graham announced that he was working on a new dialect of Lisp named Arc. It was released on 29 January 2008. Over the years since, he has written several essays describing features or goals of the language, and some internal projects at Y Combinator have been written in Arc, most notably the Hacker News web forum and news aggregator program.
In 2005, after giving a talk at the Harvard Computer Society later published as "How to Start a Startup", Graham along with Trevor Blackwell, Jessica Livingston, and Robert Morris started Y Combinator to provide seed funding to a large number of startups, particularly those started by younger, more technically oriented founders. Y Combinator has now invested in more than 1300 startups, including Reddit, Justin.tv, Xobni, Dropbox, Airbnb and Stripe.
BusinessWeek included Paul Graham in 2008 edition of its annual feature, The 25 Most Influential People on the Web.
In response to the proposed Stop Online Piracy Act (SOPA), Graham announced in late 2011 that no representatives of any company supporting it would be invited to Y Combinator's Demo Day events.
In October 2019, Graham announced a specification for another new dialect of Lisp, written in itself, named Bel.
Graham proposed a "disagreement hierarchy" in a 2008 essay "How to Disagree", putting types of argument into a seven-point hierarchy and observing that "If moving up the disagreement hierarchy makes people less mean, that will make most of them happier." Graham also suggested that the hierarchy can be thought of as a pyramid, as the highest forms of disagreement are rarer.
Following this hierarchy, Graham notes that articulate forms of name-calling (e.g., "The author is a self-important dilettante") are no different from crude insults.
 Graham considers the hierarchy of programming languages with the example of "Blub", a hypothetically average language "right in the middle of the abstractness continuum. It is not the most powerful language, but it is more powerful than Cobol or machine language." It was used by Graham to illustrate a comparison, beyond Turing completeness, of programming language power, and more specifically to illustrate the difficulty of comparing a programming language one knows to one that one does not.
...These studies would like to formally prove that a certain language is more or less expressive than another language. Determining such a relation between languages objectively rather than subjectively seems to be somewhat problematic, a phenomenon that Paul Graham has discussed in "The Blub Paradox".
Graham describes this as the "Blub paradox" and concludes that "By induction, the only programmers in a position to see all the differences in power between the various languages are those who understand the most powerful one."
Amboyna was a 232-ton merchant ship built at Rangoon, British Burma in 1807. She made several voyages to Australia with cargo from the East Indies and China. She also carried some military convicts to Australia. She was wrecked in the China Seas in 1825.
Amboyna was built at Rangoon, British Burma. She was rebuilt in 1813 on the Hooghly River, British India.
Amboyna was wrecked in the China Seas in 1825, while on a voyage to China from Australia and under the command of David Wilson.
Absolute Polysics is the ninth full-length studio album from Japanese new wave act Polysics, and the last to feature vocalist and keyboardist Kayo before her departure in 2010. The album was released in September 2009 in Japan and in January 2010 in the U.S.
Lake Center Christian School is a private Christian school in Lake Township, between Uniontown and Hartville, Ohio, United States. The school teaches students from pre-school through 12th grade and is no longer affiliated with the Mennonite Church USA, but continues to be based on Mennonite principles. The school is accredited by the Association of Christian Schools International and AdvancED.
Lake Center was established in September 1947 with 183 students. High school grades were added beginning in 2003 with the first graduating class in 2007, a class of 34 students.
In the summer of 2013 the school began fundraising in order to build the "cafenasium," a multifunctional addition that would serve as a cafeteria and a gymnasium, amongst other things. In May 2016, construction of the project commenced with a groundbreaking ceremony. The project was officially completed in 2020.
Teams are fielded in baseball, basketball, cheerleading, golf, soccer, softball, cross country, track & field, bowling and volleyball.
Lake Center Christian began play in the Portage Trail Conference County Division in August 2015 after previously competing as an independent.
Rainin' in My Heart is an extended play 45 rpm record released by the English beat group Pretty Things in 1965.  The record reached # 12 in the British EP charts in October of that same year.
This gene encodes a tumor suppressor protein that can induce cell growth arrest and apoptosis. The encoded protein is a nuclear protein that physically interacts with the tumor suppressor protein TP53 and is a component of the p53 signaling pathway. Reduced expression and rearrangement of this gene have been detected in various cancers. Multiple alternatively spliced transcript variants encoding distinct isoforms have been reported.
This article incorporates text from the United States National Library of Medicine, which is in the public domain.
Cactus Plain is a plain east of the Colorado River and Parker Valley, in La Paz County, western Arizona, United States.
Cactus Plain is a landform within the Lower Colorado River Valley. It is adjacent to Bouse Wash, which is on the south. The wash drains northwest-west into the Colorado River.
Recreation activities in both protected areas includes backpacking, day hiking, sightseeing, horseback riding, photography, and botanical and wildlife study.
The wilderness study area is an immense open area of stabilized and semi-stabilized sand dunes, unique in western Arizona.  Recreation activities include backpacking, day hiking, sightseeing, horseback riding, and botanical and wildlife study.
Carenum tinctilatum (digger carab beetle) is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Newman in 1838. It is found in Australia.
Louise Dean School is a public combined junior and senior high school in Calgary, Alberta, Canada, that teaches Grades 9 through 12.  It is designed exclusively for teenage mothers, both current and expectant.  It is operated by the Calgary Board of Education (CBE) with assistance from The Catholic Family Service of Calgary; despite the organization's name, the program is secular.
The Catholic Family Service assists students with counseling, and organizes support groups for the teen mothers, fathers (although only the mothers can be students), and grandparents of the babies.  It provides an on-site daycare, the Dr. Clara Christie Infant Learning Centre, which allows the mothers to attend classes, but still visit their children frequently.  The staff also helps teach new mothers parenting and life skills.
The Calgary Health Region assists students and their babies in areas of nursing, childbirth education and dental hygiene.
In addition to political claims, the site monitors the progress elected officials make on their campaign promises, including a "Trump-O-Meter" for President Donald Trump and an "Obameter" for President Barack Obama. PolitiFact.com's local affiliates review promises by elected officials of regional relevance, as evidenced by PolitiFact Tennessee's "Haslam-O-Meter" tracking Tennessee Governor Bill Haslam's efforts and Wisconsin's "Walk-O-Meter" tracking Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker's efforts.
PolitiFact.com was started in August 2007 by Times Washington Bureau Chief Bill Adair, in conjunction with the Congressional Quarterly. 
In March 2010, the Times and its partner newspaper, The Miami Herald, launched PolitiFact Florida, which focuses on Florida issues. The Times and the Herald share resources on some stories that relate to Florida.
Since then, PolitiFact.com expanded to other papers, such as The Atlanta Journal-Constitution, The Providence Journal, Milwaukee Journal Sentinel, The Plain Dealer, Richmond Times-Dispatch, the Knoxville News Sentinel and The Oregonian. The Knoxville News Sentinel ended its relationship with PolitiFact.com after 2012.
In 2013, Adair was named Knight Professor of the Practice of Journalism and Public Policy at Duke University, and stepped down as Bureau Chief at the Times and as editor at PolitiFact.com. The Tampa Bay Times' senior reporter, Alex Leary, succeeded Bill Adair as Bureau Chief on July 1, 2013, and Angie Drobnic Holan was appointed editor of PolitiFact in October 2013. Adair remains a PolitiFact.com contributing editor.
In 2014, The Plain Dealer ended its partnership with PolitiFact.com after they reduced their news staff and were unwilling to meet "the required several PolitiFact investigations per week".
The organization was acquired in February 2018 by the Poynter Institute, a non-profit journalism education and news media research center that also owns the Tampa Bay Times.
Since 2009, PolitiFact.com has declared one political statement from each year to be the "Lie of the Year."
In December 2009, they declared the Lie of the Year to be Sarah Palin's assertion that the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2009 would lead to government "death panels" that dictated which types of patients would receive treatment.
In December 2010, PolitiFact.com dubbed the Lie of the Year to be the contention among some opponents of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act that it represented a "government takeover of healthcare". PolitiFact.com argued that this was not the case, since all health care and insurance would remain in the hands of private companies.
PolitiFact's 2016 Lie of the Year was "fake news" referring to fabricated news stories including the Pizzagate conspiracy theory.
Politifact's 2019 Lie of the Year was Donald Trump's claim that the anonymous whistleblower who reported possible presidential misconduct got the report of his phone call with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky "almost completely wrong." The whistleblower complaint alleged that President Trump urged President Zelensky to conduct an investigation into Trump's political rival in return for promised military aid.
The 2020 Lie of the Year was misinformation related to the COVID-19 pandemic; specifically, theories that either deny the existence of the disease outright, or claim that the disease is much less deadly than it actually is. In particular, Donald Trump was mentioned as a main supporter of such conspiracy theories.
PolitiFact.com was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for National Reporting in 2009 for "its fact-checking initiative during the 2008 presidential campaign that used probing reporters and the power of the World Wide Web to examine more than 750 political claims, separating rhetoric from truth to enlighten voters".
A Wall Street Journal opinion editorial by Joseph Rago in December 2010 called PolitiFact "part of a larger journalistic trend that seeks to recast all political debates as matters of lies, misinformation and 'facts,' rather than differences of world view or principles".
Mark Hemingway of The Weekly Standard criticized all fact-checking projects by news organizations, including PolitiFact, the Associated Press and the Washington Post, writing that they "aren't about checking facts so much as they are about a rearguard action to keep inconvenient truths out of the conversation".
In December 2011, Northeastern University journalism professor Dan Kennedy wrote in The Huffington Post that the problem with fact-checking projects was "there are only a finite number of statements that can be subjected to thumbs-up/thumbs-down fact-checking".
Matt Welch, in the February 2013 issue of Reason magazine, criticized PolitiFact and other media fact-checkers for focusing much more on statements by politicians about their opponents, rather than statements by politicians and government officials about their own policies, thus serving as "a check on the exercise of rhetoric" but not "a check on the exercise of power".
PolitiFact was forced to retract its fact-check about a lab leak as the possible origin of COVID-19. The site had originally stated that the lab leak was a "conspiracy theory that has been debunked since the beginning of the coronavirus pandemic". However, after some scientists said they were "too quick to discount a possible link", the lab leak theory, PolitiFact changed its evaluation of the claim to "unsupported by evidence and in dispute".
PolitiFact has drawn allegations of political bias from both left-leaning and right-leaning media outlets. Overall, right-leaning outlets get more negative results from fact-checkers than those on the left, including at PolitiFact, which some right-wing commentators have interpreted as evidence of bias.
George H. Miller worked as a high school teacher in Marshall, Michigan, but decided to take a new job working in Chicago at Sears, Roebuck and Co. Shortly thereafter, Miller decided to form his own business, the Miller Fibre Box Company. The business was profitable, and he sold it to retire at the age of fifty. In his later years, Miller and his wife Bernice were active in Elmhurst city affairs.
Haman County (Haman-gun) is a county in South Gyeongsang Province, South Korea.  The local government is seated in Gaya-eup.  The county magistrate is Seok Gyu Jin.
In the early Common Era, Haman was the seat of Ara Gaya, a leading state of the Gaya confederacy.  Many relics from this period are still preserved in the county.  After the fall of Gaya, Haman was absorbed into Silla as Asirang-gun; in 757 its name was changed to Haman-gun, which it bears today.
There is also a market day held every five days in Gaya-eup in the Gaya Market. When the market is open, the farmers from all over the county come to the market to display their fresh produce. There are also many different kinds of vendor that sell meat, fish, snacks and clothes.
The Ancient Tomb Complex in Dohang-ri and Malsan-ri in Gaya-eup is another site worth seeing in Haman. It contains around 1000 tombs in mound form which are supposedly the tombs of kings. The largest royal tomb is Tomb 34. It is 39.3m in diameter and 9.7m in height. There is also a museum that accompanies the park. The exhibits are in Korean so admission is free for foreign visitors.
There are two festivals in Haman. The first being the Araje Festival which is held on the weekend that April 15 falls. There are a number of cultural and sports events that commemorate the Ara Gaya.
There is also the Watermelon Festival which is also held on a weekend April at Hamju Park in Dohang-ri, Gaya-eup. There are a number of entertainment events, concerts and fireworks. There is also a display of carved watermelons which is quite interesting to see.
Educational facilities: 32 schools (elementary 19/middle 8 /high 5), covering 7,830 students. Some of the elementary schools have less than 30 students.
Avinash Sharad Mahatekar (born 1948) is an Indian politician and member of the Republican Party of India (A). He is spokesperson of Republican Party of India (A). He was sworn as Minister of State for Social Justice and Special Assistance in Devendra Fadnavis cabinet in June 2019.  He was an activist in the Dalit Panther movement. He is an influential speaker in the Ambedkarite movement. He belongs to an Ambedkarite Buddhist family.
He made his debut in the Russian Football National League for FC Dynamo Bryansk on 19 September 2020 in a game against FC Tekstilshchik Ivanovo.
This biographical article related to a Russian association football midfielder is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
NeoAccel is a multinational company that sells computer network security products direct to the end-user and through OEM relationships. The company is best known for its SSL VPN-Plus product and related ICAA & TSSL technology. The company is headquartered in San Jose, California, USA with development and support offices in Navi Mumbai & Pune, India.
NeoAccel was founded in 2004  by former NetScaler (purchased by Citrix) CEO & Founder, Michel Susai.
NetScaler developed the technology that currently accelerates 75% of the world's internet traffic for companies like Google, Yahoo, and AOL. NetScaler was purchased by Citrix in 2005 for $300 million.
NeoAccel has financial support and venture capital infusions from Hotmail founder Sabeer Bhatia, and inventor Prabhu Goel. In 2006 NeoAccel raised $4,000,000 from Baring Private Equity Partners and NTT Leasing.
The company is headquartered in San Jose, California with a development office in Navi Mumbai, India, a support center in Pune, India, and a sales center in Beijing.
NeoAccel's flagship product is SSL VPN-Plus. The company claims it to be the fastest VPN available due to its use of ICAA and TSSL technologies. The product uses SSL for transport and is often categorized as an SSL VPN, although the company markets it as the 3rd Generation VPN.
In finance, the clean price is the price of a bond excluding any interest accrued since bond's issuance and the most recent coupon payment. Comparatively, the dirty price is the price of a bond including the accrued interest. Therefore,
In Bloomberg Terminal or Reuters, bond prices are quoted using the clean price. Traders tend to think of bonds in terms of their clean prices.
Clean prices are more stable over time than dirty prices. When clean prices change, it is for an economic reason such as a change in interest rates or the bond issuer's credit quality.  Dirty prices change day to day depending on the date relative to the coupon payment dates, as well as economic reasons.
XYZ Ltd. issues a bond with a $1000 face value and a $980 published price, with a coupon rate of 5% paid semi-annually and a maturity date of five years. The annual coupon payment is 5% of $1000, or $50. The investor receives a $25 coupon payment every six months until the maturity date. 
In this case, $980 is the clean price of the bond. The bond price quoted to investors is $980 plus the accrued interest. Brokers quote the dirty price, found by adding the clean price and accrued interest since that day. 
If the bond's last coupon payment was made on 1 June, on 1 September, the dirty price is: Clean Price + Accrued Interest (where accrued interest is the interest accumulated from the 1st of June to the 31st of August on the bond according to its coupon rate.) 
The price changes continuously, as it depends on how many days have passed since the last coupon payment on the bond.
This list is presented in the taxonomic sequence of the Check-list of North and Middle American Birds, 7th edition through the 62nd Supplement, published by the American Ornithological Society (AOS). Common and scientific names are also those of the Check-list, except that the common names of families are from the Clements taxonomy because the AOS list does not include them. The following tags have been used to highlight several categories of occurrence.
Anatidae includes the ducks and most duck-like waterfowl, such as geese and swans. These birds are adapted to an aquatic existence with webbed feet, flattened bills, and feathers that are excellent at shedding water due to an oily coating.
Guineafowls are a group of African, seed-eating, ground-nesting birds that resemble partridges, but with featherless heads and spangled gray plumage.
The New World quails are small, plump terrestrial birds only distantly related to the quails of the Old World, but named for their similar appearance and habits.
The Phasianidae are a family of terrestrial birds which consists of quails, partridges, snowcocks, francolins, spurfowls, tragopans, monals, pheasants, peafowls, and jungle fowls. In general, they are plump (although they vary in size) and have broad, relatively short wings.
Grebes are small to medium-large freshwater diving birds. They have lobed toes and are excellent swimmers and divers. However, they have their feet placed far back on the body, making them quite ungainly on land.
Pigeons and doves are stout-bodied birds with short necks and short slender bills with a fleshy cere. 
The family Cuculidae includes cuckoos, roadrunners, and anis. These birds are of variable size with slender bodies, long tails, and strong legs. The Old World cuckoos are brood parasites.
Nightjars are medium-sized nocturnal birds that usually nest on the ground. They have long wings, short legs, and very short bills. Most have small feet, of little use for walking, and long pointed wings. Their soft plumage is camouflaged to resemble bark or leaves.
The potoos (sometimes called poor-me-ones) are large near passerine birds related to the nightjars and frogmouths. They are nocturnal insectivores which lack the bristles around the mouth found in the true nightjars.
Swifts are small birds which spend the majority of their lives flying. These birds have very short legs and never settle voluntarily on the ground, perching instead only on vertical surfaces. Many swifts have long swept-back wings which resemble a crescent or boomerang.
Hummingbirds are small birds capable of hovering in mid-air due to the rapid flapping of their wings. They are the only birds that can fly backwards.
Rallidae is a large family of small to medium-sized birds which includes the rails, crakes, coots, and gallinules. Typically they inhabit dense vegetation in damp environments near lakes, swamps, or rivers. In general they are shy and secretive birds, making them difficult to observe. Most species have strong legs and long toes which are well adapted to soft uneven surfaces. They tend to have short, rounded wings and to be weak fliers.
Cranes are large, long-legged, and long-necked birds. Unlike the similar-looking but unrelated herons, cranes fly with necks outstretched rather than retracted.
Recurvirostridae is a family of large wading birds which includes the avocets and stilts. The avocets have long legs and long up-curved bills. The stilts have extremely long legs and long, thin, straight bills.
The oystercatchers are large and noisy plover-like birds, with strong bills used for smashing or prising open molluscs.
The family Charadriidae includes the plovers, dotterels, and lapwings. They are small to medium-sized birds with compact bodies, short thick necks, and long, usually pointed, wings. They are found in open country worldwide, mostly in habitats near water.
The jacanas are a group of waders which are found throughout the tropics. They are identifiable by their huge feet and claws which enable them to walk on floating vegetation in the shallow lakes that are their preferred habitat.
Scolopacidae is a large diverse family of small to medium-sized shorebirds including the sandpipers, curlews, godwits, shanks, tattlers, woodcocks, snipes, dowitchers, and phalaropes. The majority of these species eat small invertebrates picked out of the mud or soil. Variation in length of legs and bills enables multiple species to feed in the same habitat, particularly on the coast, without direct competition for food.
The family Stercorariidae are, in general, medium to large birds, typically with gray or brown plumage, often with white markings on the wings. They nest on the ground in temperate and arctic regions and are long-distance migrants.
Auks are superficially similar to penguins due to their black-and-white colors, their upright posture, and some of their habits.
Tropicbirds are slender white birds of tropical oceans with exceptionally long central tail feathers. Their heads and long wings have black markings.
Loons, known as divers in Europe, are a group of aquatic birds found in many parts of North America and northern Europe. It is the size of a large duck or small goose, which it somewhat resemble when swimming, but is completely unrelated to these waterfowl.
The storm-petrels are the smallest seabirds, relatives of the petrels, feeding on planktonic crustaceans and small fish picked from the surface, typically while hovering. The flight is fluttering and sometimes bat-like. Until 2018, this family's species were included with the other storm-petrels in family Hydrobatidae.
Though the members of this family are similar in many respects to the southern storm-petrels, including their general appearance and habits, there are enough genetic differences to warrant their placement in a separate family.
The procellariids are the main group of medium-sized "true petrels", characterised by united nostrils with medium septum and a long outer functional primary.
Storks are large, long-legged, long-necked, wading birds with long, stout bills. Storks are mute, but bill-clattering is an important mode of communication at the nest. Their nests can be large and may be reused for many years. Many species are migratory.
Frigatebirds are large seabirds usually found over tropical oceans. They are large, black-and-white, or completely black, with long wings and deeply forked tails. The males have colored inflatable throat pouches. They do not swim or walk and cannot take off from a flat surface. Having the largest wingspan-to-body-weight ratio of any bird, they are essentially aerial, able to stay aloft for more than a week.
The sulids comprise the gannets and boobies. Both groups are medium to large coastal seabirds that plunge-dive for fish.
Phalacrocoracidae is a family of medium to large coastal, fish-eating seabirds that includes cormorants and shags. Plumage coloration varies, with the majority having mainly dark plumage, some species being black-and-white, and a few being colorful.
Pelicans are large water birds with a distinctive pouch under their beak. As with other members of the order Pelecaniformes, they have webbed feet with four toes.
The family Ardeidae contains the bitterns, herons, and egrets. Herons and egrets are medium to large wading birds with long necks and legs. Bitterns tend to be shorter necked and more wary. Members of Ardeidae fly with their necks retracted, unlike other long-necked birds such as storks, ibises, and spoonbills.
Threskiornithidae is a family of large terrestrial and wading birds which includes the ibises and spoonbills. They have long, broad wings with 11 primary and about 20 secondary feathers. They are strong fliers and despite their size and weight, very capable soarers.
The family Pandionidae contains only one species, the osprey. The osprey is a medium-large raptor which is a specialist fish-eater with a worldwide distribution.
Accipitridae is a family of birds of prey which includes hawks, eagles, kites, harriers, and Old World vultures. These birds have powerful hooked beaks for tearing flesh from their prey, strong legs, powerful talons, and keen eyesight.
Barn-owls are medium to large owls with large heads and characteristic heart-shaped faces. They have long strong legs with powerful talons.
The typical owls are small to large solitary nocturnal birds of prey. They have large forward-facing eyes and ears, a hawk-like beak, and a conspicuous circle of feathers around each eye called a facial disk.
The family Trogonidae includes trogons and quetzals. Found in tropical woodlands worldwide, they feed on insects and fruit, and their broad bills and weak legs reflect their diet and arboreal habits. Although their flight is fast, they are reluctant to fly any distance. Trogons have soft, often colorful, feathers with distinctive male and female plumage.
Todies are a group of small near passerine forest species endemic to the Caribbean. These birds have colorful plumage and resemble small kingfishers, but have flattened bills with serrated edges. They eat small prey such as insects and lizards.
Water kingfishers are medium-sized birds with large heads, long, pointed bills, short legs, and stubby tails.
Woodpeckers are small to medium-sized birds with chisel-like beaks, short legs, stiff tails, and long tongues used for capturing insects. Some species have feet with two toes pointing forward and two backward, while several species have only three toes. Many woodpeckers have the habit of tapping noisily on tree trunks with their beaks.
Falconidae is a family of diurnal birds of prey. They differ from hawks, eagles, and kites in that they kill with their beaks instead of their talons.
Parrots are small to large birds with a characteristic curved beak. Their upper mandibles have slight mobility in the joint with the skull and they have a generally erect stance. All parrots are zygodactyl, having the four toes on each foot placed two at the front and two to the back.
Tyrant flycatchers are passerine birds which occur throughout North and South America. They superficially resemble the Old World flycatchers, but are more robust and have stronger bills. They do not have the sophisticated vocal capabilities of the songbirds. Most, but not all, have plain coloring. As the name implies, most are insectivorous.
The vireos are a group of small to medium-sized passerine birds. They are typically greenish in color and resemble New World warblers apart from their heavier bills.
The family Corvidae includes crows, ravens, jays, choughs, magpies, treepies, nutcrackers, and ground jays. Corvids are above average in size among the Passeriformes, and some of the larger species show high levels of intelligence.
The family Hirundinidae is adapted to aerial feeding. They have a slender streamlined body, long pointed wings, and a short bill with a wide gape. The feet are adapted to perching rather than walking, and the front toes are partially joined at the base.
The kinglets, also called crests, are a small group of birds often included in the Old World warblers, but frequently given family status because they also resemble the titmice.
The waxwings are a group of passerine birds with soft silky plumage and unique red tips to some of the wing feathers. In the Bohemian and cedar waxwings, these tips look like sealing wax and give the group its name. These are arboreal birds of northern forests. They live on insects in summer and berries in winter.
These dainty birds resemble Old World warblers in their build and habits, moving restlessly through the foliage seeking insects. The gnatcatchers and gnatwrens are mainly soft bluish gray in color and have the typical insectivore's long sharp bill. They are birds of fairly open woodland or scrub, which nest in bushes or trees.
The wrens are mainly small and inconspicuous except for their loud songs. These birds have short wings and thin down-turned bills. Several species often hold their tails upright. All are insectivorous.
The mimids are a family of passerine birds that includes thrashers, mockingbirds, tremblers, and the New World catbirds. These birds are notable for their vocalizations, especially their ability to mimic a wide variety of birds and other sounds heard outdoors. Their coloring tends towards dull-grays and browns.
Starlings are small to medium-sized passerine birds. Their flight is strong and direct and they are very gregarious. Their preferred habitat is fairly open country. They eat insects and fruit. Plumage is typically dark with a metallic sheen.
The thrushes are a group of passerine birds that occur mainly in the Old World. They are plump, soft-plumaged, small to medium-sized insectivores or sometimes omnivores, often feeding on the ground. Many have attractive songs.
Old World flycatchers are a large group of small passerine birds native to the Old World. They are mainly small arboreal insectivores. The appearance of these birds is highly varied, but they mostly have weak songs and harsh calls.
Weavers are a group of small passerine birds related to the finches. These are seed-eating birds with rounded conical bills, most of which breed in sub-Saharan Africa, with fewer species in tropical Asia. Weavers get their name from the large woven nests many species make. They are gregarious birds which often breed colonially.
The estrildid finches are small passerine birds of the Old World tropics and Australasia. They are gregarious and often colonial seed eaters with short thick but pointed bills. They are all similar in build and habits, but have wide variation in plumage colors and patterns.
Sparrows are small passerine birds. In general, sparrows tend to be small, plump, brown or gray birds with short tails and short powerful beaks. Sparrows are seed eaters, but they also consume small insects.
Motacillidae is a family of small passerine birds with medium to long tails. They include the wagtails, longclaws, and pipits. They are slender ground-feeding insectivores of open country.
Finches are seed-eating passerine birds that are small to moderately large and have a strong beak, usually conical and in some species very large. All have twelve tail feathers and nine primaries. These birds have a bouncing flight with alternating bouts of flapping and gliding on closed wings, and most sing well.
The Calcariidae are a group of passerine birds that had been traditionally grouped with the New World sparrows, but differ in a number of respects and are usually found in open grassy areas.
Until 2017, these species were considered part of the family Emberizidae. Most of the species are known as sparrows, but these birds are not closely related to the Old World sparrows which are in the family Passeridae. Many of these have distinctive head patterns.
The members of this small family are native to the Greater Antilles. They were formerly classified as tanagers (family Thraupidae) but were placed in their own family in 2017.
These two species were formerly placed in the New World warblers (Parulidae) but were moved to their own family in 2017.
This species was historically placed in the New World warblers, but nonetheless most authorities were unsure if it belonged there. It was moved to its own family in 2017.
The icterids are a group of small to medium-sized, often colorful, passerine birds restricted to the New World and include the grackles, New World blackbirds, and New World orioles. Most species have black as the predominant plumage color, often enlivened by yellow, orange, or red.
The New World warblers are a group of small, often colorful, passerine birds restricted to the New World. Most are arboreal, but some are terrestrial. Most members of this family are insectivores.
The cardinals are a family of robust, seed-eating birds with strong bills. They are typically associated with open woodland. The sexes usually have distinct plumages.
The tanagers are a large group of small to medium-sized passerine birds restricted to the New World, mainly in the tropics. Many species are brightly colored. As a family they are omnivorous, but individual species specialize in eating fruits, seeds, insects, or other types of food. Most have short, rounded wings.
Apostates is a monotypic moth genus in the family Geometridae described by Warren in 1897. Its only species, Apostates solitaria, was first described by Hugo Theodor Christoph in 1887. It was found in Transcaspia, then an oblast of the Russian Empire.
The inhabitants of the commune are known as Ambliais or Ambliaises, alternatively Ambligeois or Ambligeoises 
It can be accessed by the D22 road from Caen which passes through the south of the commune and continues to Creully. Access to the village is by the D35 road from Reviers in the north-east passing through the village and continuing south-west to Saint-Gabriel-Brecy. Apart from the village there are also the hamlets of Le Bout de Haut and Les Planches. Apart from a patch of forest in the west and small patches of forest at scattered points, the commune is entirely farmland.
The Seulles river forms the northern border of the commune flowing east then north to join the sea at Courseulles-sur-Mer. The Thue river flows from the south through the village to join the Seulles. The commune's floodplain (meadows and marshes), its light hillsides, and its agricultural plain provide it with rich agricultural production.
On 29 June 1944 the Canadian Red Ensign flew over the headquarters of the First Canadian Army near Amblie. For the first time in history the Canadian Armed Forces were fighting under their own colours.
The following table is a complete list of provinces changing hands as a result of the election based on the notional results of the 2002 and 2007 elections, notwithstanding the results of 2003 by-election in Siirt.
This biographical article related to association football in Belgium, about a goalkeeper, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This biographical article related to a Turkish association football goalkeeper is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Model 1940 Light Rifle was a military semi-automatic carbine designed for Great Britain in preparation for World War II.  The design was not considered suitable for full-scale production.  Most trials rifles sent to Great Britain were destroyed at the end of World War II.
Emmanuel Yisa Orker-Jev is a Nigerian politician and a member of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). He defeated George Akume in the 2019 general elections for the Benue North-West Senatorial District by polling 157,726 votes to the Akume's 115,422. The total valid votes cast was 287,028 votes.
Orker-Jev hails from Benue State and attended NKST Primary School from 1970 to 1976 and proceeded to Bristow Secondary School to obtain his West African Senior Certificate (WASC). He proceeded to the University of Jos 1985 to Study Law, he graduated in 1988 before he proceeded to the Nigerian Law School and was called to the Nigerian bar in 1989.
Throughout the series, the O'Brian family also faces conflict from other sources, such as mortals attempting to unmask them and feuds with other vampire families.
Junior's Grill was a restaurant in Atlanta, Georgia, in the United States. It was located on the Georgia Tech campus in the Bradley Building near Tech Tower. It was a family business owned by Tommy Klemis. The restaurant served breakfast, lunch and dinner Monday through Thursday (breakfast and lunch only on Friday), and was famous among students for its French toast and battered chicken fingers. It closed on April 21, 2011, due to declining business.
The wing fought in combat as the 12th Tactical Fighter Wing during the Vietnam War and was the host unit at two major air bases in South Vietnam. Its McDonnell Douglas F-4 Phantom II aircraft flew thousands of combat missions between 1965 and 1971 before being withdrawn as part of the U.S. withdrawal from Vietnam and Southeast Asia.
The current commander of the 12th Flying Training Wing is Colonel Scott Rowe. The current Command Chief Master Sergeant is Chief Master Sergeant Joseph A. Stuart.
The wing consists of three flying groups and a maintenance directorate spanning more than 1,600 miles from JBSA-Randolph, Texas to Naval Air Station Pensacola, Florida, to Pueblo Memorial Airport and the U.S. Air Force Academy in Colorado.[citation needed]
The 12th Operations Group controls all Instructor Pilot Training and airfield operations at Randolph AFB and Randolph AFB Auxiliary Field/Seguin Field.
The 479th Flying Training Group is a geographically separated unit located at Naval Air Station Pensacola, Florida and conducts Undergraduate Combat Systems Officer Training.
The 306th Flying Training Group is a geographically separated unit located at the United States Air Force Academy, Colorado.  The 306 FTG conducts powered flight training, soaring, and parachute training for Air Force Academy cadets.
The wing was first organized at Turner Air Force Base, Georgia on 1 November 1950 as the 12th Fighter-Escort Wing, but moved a month later to Bergstrom Air Force Base, Texas.
The wing was reactivated as the 12th Tactical Fighter Wing and organized in April 1962 at MacDill Air Force Base, Florida.
The wing was redesignated the 12th Flying Training Wing and activated on 1 May 1972, when the personnel, mission and equipment of the 3510th Flying Training Wing were assumed by the wing, while the 3510th was simultaneously inactivated
In the second decade of the 21st century, the wing's mission is to provide instructor pilot training in the Raytheon-Beech T-6A Texan II, the Northrop T-38 Talon and the Beech T-1A Jayhawk jet trainers.[citation needed] Previously, the wing also conducted Introduction to Fighter Fundamentals (IFF) in the Northrop AT-38 Talon, a role now performed with T-38s.[citation needed]
The wing is responsible for numerous aviation training programs. These programs include Pilot Instructor Training, Combat Systems Officer Training, Remotely Piloted Aircraft Pilot Indoctrination, Basic Sensor Operator Qualification, Airmanship programs for U.S. Air Force Academy cadets, and Introductory Flight Screening.
EDGE (Techno management fest of Techno India, main campus, Saltlake) the largest techno management event of the city and 2nd in eastern India with a cash prize money of 11 lakhs
A long-time member of the Italian Socialist Party (PSI) and close aide of Bettino Craxi, he was spokesman of the PSI and representative of the party in the Socialist International. He founded the Socialist Party (PS) in 1996 and joined the Italian Democratic Socialists (SDI) in 1998.
He led the electoral list of PSI in the region Liguria after Pertini and therefore was elected three times in the Chambre of deputies from 1983 to 1994. In 2001 (until 2006) he was elected again in a uninominal constituency of Genova Est. He served two times in the Government: from 2000 to 2001 as undersecretary to the Foreign Affairs  and from 2006 to 2008 as Deputy Minister.
The school initiated new areas of research into Biblical history and textual analysis. Its influence is also discernable in the Christ myth theory.
This article relating to a myth or legend from the ancient Middle East is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The 2016 Hell in a Cell was the eighth annual Hell in a Cell professional wrestling event produced by WWE. It was held exclusively for wrestlers from the promotion's Raw brand division. The event aired on pay-per-view (PPV) and the WWE Network and took place on October 30, 2016, at the TD Garden in Boston, Massachusetts.
The card included eight matches, including one on the Kickoff pre-show, that resulted from scripted storylines, where wrestlers portrayed heroes, villains, or less distinguishable characters in scripted events that built tension and culminated in a wrestling match or series of matches, with results predetermined by WWE's writers on the Raw brand. Storylines were produced on WWE's weekly television show Monday Night Raw.
At Clash of Champions, Roman Reigns won the United States Championship from Rusev. The following night on Raw, the rematch between the two ended in a double countout. On the October 3 episode of Raw, Rusev's wife, Lana, demanded a rematch, after which Rusev attacked Reigns and tried to leave with the title belt, but Reigns attacked him with a Superman Punch and declared he would fight Rusev in a Hell in a Cell match, a request that was later approved by management.
Dana Brooke defeated Bayley on the October 17 episode of Raw and attacked her the following week during an arm wrestling contest. On October 26, a match between the two was scheduled for Hell in a Cell.
At Clash of Champions, T.J. Perkins defeated Brian Kendrick to retain the WWE Cruiserweight Championship. Kendrick attacked Perkins after the match. The following night on Raw, Kendrick challenged Perkins to another match. The following week, Kendrick defeated Perkins by submission. On the October 10 episode of Raw, a match between the two was scheduled for Hell in a Cell.
At Clash of Champions, the final match of the best-of-seven series for a title opportunity between Cesaro and Sheamus ended in a no contest. The following night on Raw, Foley wouldn't allow further matches between the two and decided to put Cesaro and Sheamus as a team against Raw Tag Team Champions The New Day. The following weeks, the two continued to argue with each other. On the October 10 episode of Raw, a title match between the two teams was scheduled for Hell in a Cell.
On the October 10 episode of Raw, Luke Gallows and Karl Anderson attacked Enzo Amore and Big Cass. The following week on Raw, Big Cass defeated Karl Anderson. On October 24, a match between the two teams was scheduled for Hell in a Cell.
On October 26, a match pitting Cedric Alexander, Lince Dorado, and Sin Cara against Tony Nese, Drew Gulak, and Ariya Daivari was scheduled for the Hell in a Cell Kickoff pre-show.
During the Hell in a Cell Kickoff pre-show, cruiserweights Cedric Alexander, Lince Dorado, and Sin Cara faced Tony Nese, Drew Gulak, and Ariya Daivari. Alexander won the match for his team by pinning Gulak after executing the "Lumbar Check".
Next, Bayley fought Dana Brooke. In the end, Bayley performed a "Bayley-to-Belly" Suplex on Brooke to win the match.
After that, Enzo Amore and Big Cass wrestled Luke Gallows and Karl Anderson. Gallows and Anderson executed the "Magic Killer" on Enzo to win the match.
Next, TJ Perkins defended the WWE Cruiserweight Championship against The Brian Kendrick. The match ended when Kendrick feigned a knee injury. A concerned Perkins checked on Kendrick, who attacked Perkins with a headbutt and applied the "Captain's Hook". Perkins submitted, meaning Kendrick won the title.
While the 2016 Hell in a Cell event was held exclusively for Raw, the 2017 event was SmackDown-exclusive.
Ryno Township is one of thirty-one townships in Custer County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 95 at the 2000 census. A 2006 estimate placed the township's population at 92.
This Custer County, Nebraska state location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The star's apparent magnitude, or how bright it appears from Earth's perspective, is 18.8. Therefore, it is too dim to be seen with the naked eye (the limit for that is 5.5).
Models, and so scientists, divide on if their convergent solutions from the data for TRAPPIST-1d indicates Earth-like habitability or a severe greenhouse effect.
In some respects, this exoplanet is one of the most Earth-like found. Much smaller than Earth which may impair on its magnetosphere, it superficially receives just more than our planet's radiation. It does not have a hydrogen or helium-based atmosphere, which makes largest planets uninhabitable. The planet may also have liquid and atmospheric water, up to many times more than Earth. Likely tidally locked, a dense atmosphere could be enough to transfer heat to the much colder dark side.
The original claim and presumed size of the planet was revised when the full seven-planet system was revealed in 2017:
North Judson-San Pierre High School's athletic teams are the Blue Jays and they compete in the Hoosier North Athletic Conference. The school offers a wide range of athletics including:
The Institute of Management and Technology, Enugu, popularly known as IMT Enugu, is a polytechnic college located in Enugu State, Nigeria.
This article on a Nigerian institution of higher education is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Towards the edge of the parish near Horton in Ivinghoe is the hamlet of Horton Wharf. The village of Grove is also within the boundary of Slapton parish.
The village name is Anglo Saxon in origin, and means "farm by a slippery place". It is a common place name. This village was recorded in the Domesday Book of 1086 as Slapetone.
The manor of Slapton once belonged to a convent in Barking, Essex, though it was seized by the Crown in the Dissolution of the Monasteries in 1547. The manor was for some time after that the property of the Earl of Bridgwater.
The village hall was built and given to the village by the Griffin family of Bury Farm in memory of Elizabeth Griffin in the 1950s. Until recently, the Griffin family continued to own Bury Farm, and had the unusual distinction of farming buffalo in the village. Slapton once had a splendid 18th century rectory of classical design. This was demolished in the 1960s and a development of four-bedroom terraced and semi-detached houses in the style of that era was built on its site.
Today Slapton contains few old buildings of any architectural merit. The church, dedicated to the Holy Cross, is of plain design with tower, nave and chancel. The chancel is probably the oldest part of the building. The churchyard contains many memorials to the Turney and Buckmaster families.
The Great Train Robbery took place at Bridego Railway Bridge (No. 127) on 8 August 1963, which is situated one mile (as the crow flies) from Slapton, heading towards Ledburn.
Harold T. Dennis (born 1903) was a professional footballer who played as a defender for Newark Town, Grantham Town, Huddersfield Town and Southend United. He was born in Romsey, Hampshire.
This biographical article related to association football in England, about a defender born in the 1900s, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Construction of the church begun in late 1832. In February 1833 construction was stopped, but it was resumed next month. It was projected by architect Valentin Presani in Classicist style. In 1836, the church was dedicated. Dormitory was constructed next to the church.
In 1947, the church burnt down after a lighting struck it and ignited hay which was stored inside by the Partisans. At the same time, dormitory was turned into elementary school.
Artem Znachkov (born January 19, 1979) is a former pair skater who competed with Maria Krasiltseva for Armenia. They teamed up in 1998 and represented Armenia at the 2002 Winter Olympics, where they placed 20th.
This Armenian biographical article relating to sports is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The ME postcode area, also known as the Rochester postcode area, is a group of twenty postcode districts in South East England, within eleven post towns. These cover north central Kent, including the Medway unitary authority and the borough of Swale, plus parts of the boroughs of Maidstone, Tonbridge and Malling, and Gravesham. The letters in the postcode are derived from the name of the Medway conurbation.
A Help key, found in the shape of a dedicated key explicitly labeled Help, or as another key, typically one of the function keys, on a computer keyboard, is a key which, when pressed, produces information on the screen/display to aid the user in their current task, such as using a specific function in an application program.
In the case of a non-dedicated Help key, the location of the key will sometimes vary between different software packages. Most common in computer history, however, is the development of a de facto Help key location for each brand/family of computer, exemplified by the use of F1 on IBM compatible PCs.
The standard help key on the Apple IIe and Apple III series computers is either OPEN-APPLE-? or SOLID-APPLE-? ... The standard help key on the Apple II and Apple II+, where practical, is a question mark or slash, or else ESCAPE ? or ESCAPE /.
On a full-sized Apple keyboard, the help key was labelled simply as Help, located to the left of the Home. Where IBM compatible PC keyboards had the Insert, Apple keyboards had the help key instead. As of 2007, new Apple keyboards do not have a help key. In its place, a full-sized Apple keyboard has a Fn instead. Instead of a mechanical help key, the menu bar for most applications contain a Help menu as a matter of convention.
The keyboards of the Atari 16- and 32-bit computers had a Help key above the arrow keys on the keyboard. Atari 8-bit XL and XE series keyboards had dedicated Help keys, but in the group of differently-styled system keys separated from the rest of the keyboard.
Most of the Sun Microsystems keyboards have a dedicate "Help" key in the left top corner (left from the "Esc" key above block of 10 (Stop,Again,Props,Undo,Front,Copy,Open,Paste,Find,Cut) extra keys.
Holden's early architectural training was in Bolton and Manchester where he worked for architects Everard W. Leeson and Jonathan Simpson before moving to London. After a short period with Arts and Crafts designer Charles Robert Ashbee, he went to work for Henry Percy Adams in 1899. He became Adams' partner in the firm in 1907 and remained with it for the rest of his career.
Holden designed two memorials for the missing dead of the First World War as part of his work for the Imperial War Graves Commission between 1920 and 1928. Both are memorials to the missing from the New Zealand Expeditionary Force. They are located in Belgium and are within cemeteries also constructed to his design.
This article about a Norwegian politician born in the 1990s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This biographical article related to Italian artistic gymnastics is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
In 1918 he was appointed director of the Landeskundliche Kommission in Romania. In 1922 he was named an associate professor of cartography at the University of Berlin, and afterwards was a professor of geography at Frankfurt University (from 1923) and at the Free University of Berlin (from 1948). In 1954 he attained "professor emeritus" status.
Terrell Joseph-Nathaniel Burgess is an American football free safety for the Los Angeles Rams of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Utah and was drafted by the Rams in the third round of the 2020 NFL Draft.
Burgess attended San Marcos High School in San Marcos, California. He played defensive back and wide receiver in high school. He committed to the University of Utah to play college football.
Burgess played at Utah from 2016 to 2019. After spending his first three seasons as mostly a backup, he was a full-time starter his senior year in 2019. During his career, he had 116 tackles and one interception.
Burgess was drafted by the Los Angeles Rams with the 104th overall pick in the third round of the 2020 NFL Draft. He suffered a broken ankle in Week 7 and was placed on injured reserve on October 27, 2020.
This biographical article relating to an American football defensive back born in the 1990s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Spectroscopy, primarily in the electromagnetic spectrum, is a fundamental exploratory tool in the fields of physics, chemistry, and astronomy, allowing the composition, physical structure and electronic structure of matter to be investigated at the atomic, molecular and macro scale, and over astronomical distances. Important applications arise from biomedical spectroscopy in the areas of tissue analysis and medical imaging.
The broadening of the field of spectroscopy is due to the fact that any part of the electromagnetic spectrum may be used to analyze a sample from the infrared to the ultraviolet telling scientists different properties about the very same sample. For instance in chemical analysis, the most common types of spectroscopy include atomic spectroscopy, infrared spectroscopy, ultraviolet and visible spectroscopy, Raman spectroscopy and nuclear magnetic resonance.
Spectroscopy is a sufficiently broad field that many sub-disciplines exist, each with numerous implementations of specific spectroscopic techniques. The various implementations and techniques can be classified in several ways.
The types of spectroscopy are distinguished by the type of radiative energy involved in the interaction. In many applications, the spectrum is determined by measuring changes in the intensity or frequency of this energy. The types of radiative energy studied include:
The types of spectroscopy also can be distinguished by the nature of the interaction between the energy and the material. These interactions include:
Spectroscopic studies are designed so that the radiant energy interacts with specific types of matter.
Atomic spectroscopy was the first application of spectroscopy developed. Atomic absorption spectroscopy and atomic emission spectroscopy involve visible and ultraviolet light. These absorptions and emissions, often referred to as atomic spectral lines, are due to electronic transitions of outer shell electrons as they rise and fall from one electron orbit to another. Atoms also have distinct x-ray spectra that are attributable to the excitation of inner shell electrons to excited states.
Modern implementations of atomic spectroscopy for studying visible and ultraviolet transitions include flame emission spectroscopy, inductively coupled plasma atomic emission spectroscopy, glow discharge spectroscopy, microwave induced plasma spectroscopy, and spark or arc emission spectroscopy. Techniques for studying x-ray spectra include X-ray spectroscopy and X-ray fluorescence.
Studies in molecular spectroscopy led to the development of the first maser and contributed to the subsequent development of the laser.
Nuclei also have distinct energy states that are widely separated and lead to gamma ray spectra. Distinct nuclear spin states can have their energy separated by a magnetic field, and this allows for nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy.
There are several applications of spectroscopy in the fields of medicine, physics, chemistry, and astronomy.  Taking advantage of the properties of absorbance and with astronomy emission[disambiguation needed], spectroscopy can be used to identify certain states of nature.  The uses of spectroscopy in so many different fields and for so many different applications has caused specialty scientific subfields. Such examples include:
Sinomicrurus macclellandi, commonly known as MacClelland's coral snake, is a species of venomous snake in the family Elapidae. The species is endemic to southern and eastern Asia.
The specific name, macclellandi, is in honor of John McClelland, a physician and naturalist, who worked for the East India Company.
S. macclellandi is found in East and Northeast India (Darjeeling, Assam, Sikkim, Arunachal Pradesh), Bangladesh, Bhutan, Nepal, Northern Myanmar, Thailand, Vietnam, Central and Southern China (including Hong Kong, Hainan, north to Gansu and Shaanxi), Taiwan, and Japan (Ryukyu Islands).
S. m. iwasakii is found on Ishigaki Island and other Ryukyu Islands in Japan. S. m. swinhoei is found in Taiwan. S. m. univirgatus is found in Nepal, and Sikkim.
S. macclellandi is mainly nocturnal and terrestrial. It occurs in forest litter, hillside, and lowland. It is often found hiding under leaves. Although this is a venomous species, it is quite docile and not likely to strike actively.
Like other elapids, S. macclellandi possesses a potent neurotoxic venom, which is capable of killing a person. Bite symptoms include numbness of lips and difficulty of speech and breathing, followed by blurred vision. Severe bite victims may die of instant heart failure, although there have been only a few human deaths recorded in Thailand.
A press conference was held at Cafe Melba in the new Mediacorp campus on 26 July 2016. Chen Hanwei, Pierre Png, Aloysius Pang, Carrie Wong, Paige Chua, Cynthia Koh and Jin Yinji attended the conference.
This is a list of places on the Victorian Heritage Register in the Shire of Colac Otway in Victoria, Australia. The Victorian Heritage Register is maintained by the Heritage Council of Victoria.
The Victorian Heritage Register, as of 2020, lists the following 11 state-registered places within the Shire of Colac Otway:
The Pines was a house in Anniston, Alabama.  It was designed by architect Walter T. Downing and built in 1896.  It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.  The listing included one contributing building and one contributing structure. The house was demolished in April 2014.
This article about a property in Alabama on the National Register of Historic Places is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Best of Cold Chillin': Masta Ace is a compilation album released by Cold Chillin' Records, featuring songs released during Masta Ace's tenure at the label. The compilation features eleven of the fifteen songs originally released on Ace's debut Take a Look Around, as well as one single, one B-Side single, one remix and the original version of "Letter to the Better".
The Withers-Maguire House is a small event venue and historic house museum in Ocoee, Florida. It is located at 16 East Oakland Avenue and is owned by the City of Ocoee. It was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on April 2, 1987.
This article about a property in Orange County, Florida on the National Register of Historic Places is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Blumenau founded schools and hospitals in his growing city, and by 1880 its population totaled approximately 15,000 people, most of whom were Germans. This population has managed to preserve its German heritage and, even today, German schools still prevail.[citation needed]
In 1884, Blumenau returned to Braunschweig, Germany with his wife (whom he had married in 1867) and their three sons. He died on October 30, 1899 in Braunschweig.
Known to travel in swarms numbering in the trillions in some years, it is believed that the grasshoppers found in the glacier may have been caught in severe storms and perished. Until the late 20th century, the grasshopper remains were quite common; however, lower snowfall rates since the late 1980s and higher temperatures have contributed to a higher melting rate of the glacier and many specimens decompose before they can be retrieved.
The men's 73 kilograms (Lightweight) competition at the 2002 Asian Games in Busan was held on 2 October at the Gudeok Gymnasium.
The first settlers came to the area from nearby Johnsburg in 1847. A Catholic parish was soon formed in the area, and mass was first held in a log cabin church in 1860. The present-day stone St. Joseph's Church was built in 1870. A creamery used to be in the area.
This article about a location in Fond du Lac County, Wisconsin is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
In mathematics, Kingman's subadditive ergodic theorem is one of several ergodic theorems. It can be seen as a generalization of Birkhoff's ergodic theorem. Intuitively, the subadditive ergodic theorem is a kind of random variable version of Fekete's lemma (hence the name ergodic). As a result, it can be rephrased in the language of probability, e.g. using a sequence of random variables and expected values.  The theorem is named after John Kingman.
Kingman's subadditive ergodic theorem can be used to prove statements about Lyapunov exponents. It also has applications to percolations and probability/random variables.
The Blackburn Type D, sometimes known as the Single Seat Monoplane, was built by Robert Blackburn at Leeds in 1912. It is a single-engine mid-wing monoplane. Restored shortly after the Second World War, it remains part of the Shuttleworth Collection and is the oldest British flying aeroplane.
The design inherited some features from the earlier Mercury: it too had thin wings of constant chord with square tips of about the same span as the later Mercuries and used wing warping rather than ailerons. The wing was wire braced from above via a kingpost and below via the undercarriage, and was built up around machined I-section ash spars. The Type D also had the triangular cross-section fuselage seen on several of Blackburn's aircraft from the Second Monoplane onward.
The aircraft first flew late in 1912. Some modifications followed in time: the engine cowling was extended into a semicircular shape to discourage the discharge of smoke and hot oil from the rotary into the cockpit; the wingtips were slightly rounded, and the crook-shaped skids were replaced by skids of hockey stick form.
Later in 1913 Foggin sold the aircraft to Montague Francis Glew. Glew qualified RAeC #410 at the Blackburn school on a "Blackburn monoplane", apparently an earlier model. Glew gave flying demonstrations at towns in the English countryside, with several crashes, and on at least one occasion was involved in air racing (from Cardiff to Ilfracombe, cancelled due to weather). Glew crashed his aircraft in 1914, beyond his ability to repair as World War I began.
The Frank Golden Block, at Brougher and Main Sts. in Tonopah, Nevada is a historic building that was built in 1902.  It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
This article about a property in Nevada on the National Register of Historic Places is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
From Brush & Stone is a studio album by guitarist Gordon Giltrap and keyboardist Rick Wakeman. The album is the first opportunity to record together for Gordon Giltrap and Rick Wakeman. Both are long time friends who have been on separate musical paths for forty years until this release in 2010 on Voiceprint in the UK.
Secourt (German: Unterhofen) is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
The B-sides are covers of Woody Guthrie's "Deportee Song" and the Rolling Stones' "Wild Horses", performed live.
A fleet of six new 305 series six-car electric multiple unit (EMU) commuter trains was introduced on the Chikuhi Line from February 2015.
At the time of the Council of Basle, James promoted the reunion of the moderate Hussites with the Catholic Church, and later that of the Eastern Orthodox at the Council of Ferrara-Florence. Against the Ottomans, he preached several crusades, and at the death of St. John Capistran, in 1456, James was sent to Hungary as his successor. In 1457 he was sent to Danish king Christian I to discuss the Turkish crusade and also the Bohemian issue.
He instituted several montes pietatis (literally, "mountains of piety": nonprofit credit organizations that lent money at very low rates on pawned objects), and preached in all the greater cities. He was offered the bishopric of Milan in 1460, which he declined.
St. James belonged to the Observant branch of the Friars Minor, then rapidly spreading and stirring up much controversy. In this task, he encouraged reforms in the Order of Friars Minor. How much he suffered on this account is shown in a letter written by him to St. John Capistran. King Tvrtko II was a major opponent of James's reforms in Bosnia, and was probably strongly influenced in that regard by Queen Dorothy.
His writings have not yet been collected. His library and autographs are preserved in part at the Municipio of Monteprandone (see Crivellucci, "I codici della libreria raccolta da S. Giacomo della Marca nel convento di S. Maria delle Grazie presso Monteprandone", Leghorn, 1889).
On his notebook, or "Itinerarium", See Luigi Tasso, O.F.M., in "Miscellanea Francescana", I (1886), 125-26: "Regula confitendi peccata" was several times edited in Latin and Italian during the fifteenth century. "De Sanguine Christi effuse" and some other treatises remained in manuscript.
The electoral district of Melbourne is an electorate of the Victorian Legislative Assembly. It currently includes the localities of Carlton, North Carlton, Melbourne, East Melbourne, West Melbourne, North Melbourne, Parkville, Newmarket, Kensington and Flemington, and includes Melbourne University. The district has been in existence since 1856 (it was abolished in 1859 and reestablished in 1889).
 Melbourne was one of the inaugural districts of the first Assembly in 1856. Its area was defined by the 1855 Act as:
Melbourne was abolished in 1859, its area was split into the new electoral districts of East Melbourne and West Melbourne, each having two members.
Melbourne was re-created as a single-member electorate by the Electoral Act Amendment Act 1888 which took effect at the 1889 elections.
^#  O'Shanassy won both Melbourne and Kilmore districts, he decided to represent the latter resulting in a by-election for Melbourne.
Judith and the Head of Holofernes (also known as Judith I, German: Judith und Holofernes)  is an oil painting by Gustav Klimt, painted in 1901. It depicts the biblical figure Judith holding the head of Holofernes after beheading him. The beheading and its aftermath have been commonly portrayed in art since the Renaissance, and Klimt himself would paint a second work depicting the subject in 1909. 
The cranial pia mater covers the surface of the brain.  This layer goes in between the cerebral gyri and cerebellar laminae, folding inward to create the tela chorioidea of the third ventricle and the choroid plexuses of the lateral and third ventricles.  At the level of the cerebellum, the pia mater membrane is more fragile due to the length of blood vessels as well as decreased connection to the cerebral cortex.
In conjunction with the other meningeal membranes, pia mater functions to cover and protect the central nervous system (CNS), to protect the blood vessels and enclose the venous sinuses near the CNS, to contain the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) and to form partitions with the skull.  The CSF, pia mater, and other layers of the meninges work together as a protection device for the brain, with the CSF often referred to as the fourth layer of the meninges.
The pia mater also functions to deal with the deformation of the spinal cord under compression.  Due to the high elastic modulus of the pia mater, it is able to provide a constraint on the surface of the spinal cord. This constraint stops the elongation of the spinal cord, as well as providing a high strain energy.  This high strain energy is useful and responsible for the restoration of the spinal cord to its original shape following a period of decompression.
Ventral root afferents are unmyelinated sensory axons located within the pia mater.  These ventral root afferents relay sensory information from the pia mater and allow for the transmission of pain from disc herniation and other spinal injury.
Brain with arachnoid mater, and an area where it is removed, showing cerebral gyri covered by the translucent pia mater.
Diagrammatic representation of a section across the top of the skull, showing the membranes of the brain, etc.
In January 1979, nearly 3,000 farmers drove their tractors to Washington, D.C., many of them from thousands of miles away. The Jimmy Carter administration agreed that the Farmers Home Administration would stop all foreclosures. Soon after the rally was over, the Home Administration resumed foreclosures of farms with past due loans. 
On February 5, 1979, farmers arrived in Washington, D.C.; 17 tractors had been impounded.  Police confined the tractors to the National Mall.   They blocked traffic, creating significant tie-ups.  A blizzard hit while they were in town, and then the tractors became useful as they were the only vehicles that could reliably travel through the snow, often delivering doctors and nurses to hospitals.
Concern that traffic would be hopelessly tangled led DC area commuters to head to transit in record numbers. An estimated 277,000 trips were taken on February 5, breaking the single-day record set in early January and topping 250,000 trips for the first time ever. The record would last until the summer when the oil crisis caused an uptick in metro use.
Conger finished his four-year career at St. Bonaventure with 1,206 career points (26th all-time), 645 rebounds, 249 assists and 83 steals. He became just the third player all-time with 1,000 points, 500 rebounds and 200 assists. Over his four-year career, he posted 12 double-doubles, including four each in the last three seasons. He had 58 career double-figure point games and nine contests with at least 20 points or more.
After going undrafted in the 2013 NBA draft, Conger moved to the Dominican Republic for a seven-game stint with Indios de San Francisco.
On August 12, 2014, Conger signed with Paffoni Omegna for another stint in the Serie A2 Basket. In 30 games for Omegna, he averaged 13.6 points, 6.3 rebounds and 1.3 assists per game.
On August 19, 2015, Conger signed with Aries Trikala of the Greek Basket League. He left Trikala in early February 2016, and joined Israeli team Hapoel Tel Aviv. In 17 games for Trikala, he averaged 16.3 points, 6.4 rebounds, 1.5 assists and 1.5 steals per game. In 18 games for Tel Aviv, he averaged 7.8 points, 4.4 rebounds and 1.6 assists per game.
In July 2018, Conger played for the Boston Celtics in the 2018 Las Vegas Summer League. On August 6, 2018, he signed with French team Le Mans Sarthe Basket. On November 13, 2018, after beginning the season in France, Conger signed with the Adelaide 36ers, returning to the Australian NBL for a second stint. In 19 games played for the 36ers, he averaged 11.7 points, 4.8 rebounds and 2.3 assists per game.
On February 22, 2019, Conger joined Hapoel Jerusalem as an injury cover for Chris Johnson, signing a one-month temporary contract with an option to extend it for the rest of the season. On April 6, 2019, Conger parted ways with Jerusalem after appearing in eight games.
On August 14, 2019, Conger signed a two-year deal with Spanish club Coosur Real Betis. On May 15, 2020, Real Betis parted ways with Conger. He signed with ratiopharm Ulm of the German Basketball Bundesliga on November 24, 2020.
Two cultivars, 'Long' and 'Nadler' were patented. 'Nadler' was patented and trademarked in 2007. The mother tree of both cultivars is a Quercus robur f. fastigiata (upright English oak, a narrow form) growing in Columbia, Missouri. The ortet of 'Nadler' is growing in Jacksonville, Illinois. Approximately 1000 seeds were collected from the mother plant in 1974 and propagated, with two selected for further development as cultivars, which are now propagated clonally.
Yale is an old style serif typeface designed by Matthew Carter and first released in 2004. It was commissioned by Yale University for use in all of its signage, promotional and internal material.
In 2010, Yale was named one of the "Ten Typefaces of the Decade" by Print magazine. It is influenced by Bembo, a popular book typeface by Monotype, and is also similar to Carter's previous ITC Galliard.
The late 15th century De Aetna typeface, cut by Francesco Griffo for Aldus Manutius, served as a basis for Yale, with elements of one of Carter's earlier typefaces, Galliard. Some of Yale's unique characteristics are its curved leg of the "h", its flat-topped "A", its open apertures of the "c" and "e", and the bent tops of its lowercase ascenders.
Although originally developed for use in signage, several variants have been added to the Yale family for use in print and on the web:
Brooker is a town in Bradford County, Florida, United States. The population was 338 at the 2010 census.
A post office was established under the name Vandy, and the post office was renamed Brooker in 1894. The town was named for Ed Brooker, an early settler.
As of the census of 2000, there were 352 people, 123 households, and 93 families residing in the town.  The population density was 670.7 people per square mile (261.4/km2).  There were 136 housing units at an average density of 259.1 per square mile (101.0/km2).  The racial makeup of the town was 97.44% White, 0.57% African American, 1.14% from other races, and 0.85% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.12% of the population.
There were 123 households, out of which 36.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.2% were married couples living together, 13.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.6% were non-families. 22.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.69 and the average family size was 3.16.
In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.1% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 24.1% from 25 to 44, 25.0% from 45 to 64, and 15.9% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.2 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.4 males.
The median income for a household in the town was $40,000, and the median income for a family was $40,938. Males had a median income of $29,000 versus $22,000 for females. The per capita income for the town was $15,091.  About 8.8% of families and 14.0% of the population were below the poverty line, including 2.6% of those under age 18 and 22.0% of those age 65 or over.
Path 15, along with the Pacific DC Intertie running far to the east, forms an important transmission interconnection with the hydroelectric plants to the north and the fossil fuel plants to the south. Most of the three AC 500 kV lines were built by Pacific Gas and Electric (PG&E) south of Tesla substation.
Path 15 consists of three lines at 500 kV and four lines at 230 kV.  The 500 kV lines connect Los Banos to Gates and Los Banos to Midway.  All four 230 kV lines have Gates at one end with the other ends at Panoche, Gregg, and McCall.
From Tesla substation to Midway substation, a set of 230 kV lines follows the main 500 kV lines. The dual-circuit 230 kV power lines run to the east of the 500 kV lines. Most of these lines were built by PG&E.
Path 15 can transmit 2,000-3,265 MW of electrical power from north to south. The capacity for south to north power transmission is 4,800-5,400 MW.
In the section south of Tracy, the eastern two lines form an infrastructure corridor along with an aqueduct and Interstate 5 and provide some artificial scenery to look at, especially when they do not run in the hills west of Interstate 5. The eastern parallel PG&E lines cross Interstate 5 twice.
Thinner towers north of Table Mountain crossing SR 36, cutting through the woodlands of the Sierra foothills. They resemble the southern towers to the left, but look closely to see the differences.
 Merge is a software system which allows a user to run DOS/Windows 3.1 on SCO UNIX, in an 8086 virtual machine.
In the late 1980s, the main commercial competitor of Merge was VP/IX developed by Interactive Systems Corporation and Phoenix Technologies. AT&T's Simultask 2.0 was based on VP/IX.
Locus eventually joined the Microsoft WISE program which gave them access to Microsoft Windows source code, which allowed later versions of Merge to run Windows shrink wrapped applications without a copy of Windows.
The Merge technology was bought by a company called DASCOM in 1999, which was in turn bought by IBM. A company called TreLOS was spun off in 2000 that continued the development of the virtual machine software and created Win4Lin. TreLOS later merged into NeTraverse, Inc.
The SCO Group distributes NeTraverse Merge 5.3, which supports their current products SCO OpenServer 5.x and UnixWare 7.
This biographical article related to Sudanese association football is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
He was educated at the Academy of Fine Art in L'Aquila, Italy. Diodati's work has mainly been exhibited in the United States and Italy. His first paintings were exhibited in 1980. In 2002 he went to Cuba to get cultural inspiration for his work. This lead his working with clay and entering the world of sculpture.
It has been said that Dioati's artistic style is a mixture of cinema, theatre and painting, and that he is a perilous exponent of immoral irony. Diodati uses critical humor and a great deal of color in his paintings.
Kunstclub.com profile for Lucio Diodati http://www.kunstclub.com/member/Diodati/ Lixow-com profile for Lucio Diodati http://www.lixow.com/Lucio_DIODATI Artreview.com profile for Lucio Diodati http://www.artreview.com/profile/LucioDiodati Artelista.com profile for Lucio Diodati http://diodatilucio.artelista.com/ Gigarte.com profile for Lucio Diodati http://www.gigarte.com/iscritto/index.php?&id=6203&p=&s=
Cast Acrylic is a form of poly(methyl methacrylate) (PMMA). It is formed by casting the monomer, methyl methacrylate, mixed with initiators and possibly other additives into a form or mold. Sheet and rod stock are generated by casting into static forms, while tubing is done in rotational molds.
Advantages of Acrylic: Excellent optical clarity & transparency Highly resistant to variations in temperature Up to 17 times the impact resistance of ordinary glass Half the weight of glass and ideal for precision machining Highly resistant to many different chemicals Acrylic (PMMA*) has certain properties making it an ideal material for use in a wide range of applications, including medical, life sciences and food/beverage testing.
This type of acrylic is often used for aquariums, awards, financial tombstones, trophies, corporate gifts, and other products that require shaping or machining. It tends to be more clear and made to a higher quality standard, but in doing so makes it more expensive than extruded acrylic.
It has a weekday passenger service of two trains to Limerick Junction and two to Waterford. There is no Sunday service. Until 19 January 2013 (inclusive) there were three trains each way. However, the late-morning Waterford to Limerick Junction and early-afternoon Limerick Junction to Waterford trains are now discontinued.
Passengers should change at Limerick Junction for connections to Limerick, Cork, Tralee, Galway and Dublin.
Bothriochloa bladhii (commonly called, variously, Australian bluestem, Caucasian bluestem, forest-bluegrass, plains bluestem, and purple plume grass) is a Neotropic grass in the family Poaceae, found primarily in tropical Africa, and tropical and temperate Asia, and Australia. The type specimen was collected from China by Finnish botanist Peter Johan Bladh. The name of Bladh is honored in the specific epithet.
Bothriochloa bladhii is used as stored food for local livestock, and as a grazing plant by both livestock and wild ruminants. It is sometimes planted as a revegetator, to restore disturbed land.
The station is a street-level station with two side platforms. It is located at the junction of Cingnian 2nd Road, Yongping Road, and Haibian Road, beside Glory Pier.
The Apostate is the eighth studio album by Art Bergmann, released in 2016 on weewerk records. It is his first new full-length album since 1998's Design Flaw.  The digital release date was April 8, 2016 and the CD / LP release date was May 13, 2016.
The album was funded in part by a crowdfunding campaign on PledgeMusic. Musician Craig Northey also publicized the campaign by releasing a cover of Bergmann's 1991 single "Faithlessly Yours".
Sunningdale Park is a country estate centred around a property known as Northcote House in Sunningdale, Berkshire.
The house is thought to have been built by James Wyatt, almost certainly for James William Steuart, a farmer, in around 1787. It was acquired by Sir Charles Decimus Crosley, a former Sheriff of London from the Steuart family in 1859. It then passed to Sir James Thompson Mackenzie, 1st Baronet in 1883, to Major William James Joicey, the then serving High Sheriff of Durham, in 1890 and to Sir Hugo Cunliffe-Owen, an industrialist, in 1930.
Northcote House accommodated the Civil Defence College from 1950 until it closed in 1968. The Civil Service College was then established in the building in June 1970. The ill-fated Sunningdale Agreement on power-sharing in Northern Ireland was signed in Northcote House on 9 December 1973.
The Civil Service College evolved to become the National School of Government, which provided training, organisational development and consultancy courses for UK civil servants and private individual learners until its closure in March 2012. In March 2015, the College of Policing opened an office in the Albert Day building. Sunningdale Park was then sold to Audley Retirement and Berkeley Homes in December 2016.
Born in Lviv, Sapuha is a product of the FC Karpaty Lviv youth sportive system, where his first trainer was Oleh Rodin.
This biographical article related to a Ukrainian association football midfielder born in the 2000s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The second generation model called Yuan Plus was revealed in July 2021, featuring slightly larger dimensions and a more upmarket design.
The BYD S1 is a gasoline-powered subcompact crossover launched by BYD in 2015. Besides the Chinese market, it was also offered in the Philippines. In the Chinese market, with the introduction of the Yuan nameplate in 2016, the S1 was renamed and was since sold as the gasoline version of the Yuan.
In some non-Chinese markets, the old S1 name was kept, despite the renaming of the vehicle in China. Even the all-electric variant of the Yuan was known in some markets as the S1 EV.
The interior is largely carried over from the pre-facelift model with the 10.1-inch multimedia screen, and is integrated with the DiLink3.0 intelligent connected system featuring voice command, voice notifications, Bluetooth phone calls, phone connectivity and mobile onboard television.
The BYD S2 is an all-electric subcompact crossover, shorter than the Yuan and the S1 (4100 mm vs 4360 mm) and sold in China since 2019. The battery capacity is 40.62 kWh.
OCT gave rise to a family of techniques to perform OCT-A including speckle variance OCT, phase variance OCT, optical microangiography, and split-spectrum microangiography.
Speckle variance OCT uses only the amplitude information of the complex OCT signal, whereas phase variance OCT uses only the phase information.
Split-spectrum amplitude decorrelation angiography (SSADA)  computes average decorrelation between consecutive B-scans to visualize blood flow.
The intensity or speckle of an OCT signal is the random interference pattern produced by backscattered light from a random medium. OCT captures cross-sectional images, known as B-scans. In SV-OCT, multiple B-scans are captured at the same location, creating a 3D data set, with time as the third dimension. The pixel-wise variance is computed between consecutive B-scan frames. A speckle variance image,      I  S V     {\displaystyle I_{SV}}   is calculated as[citation needed]
where      N    {\displaystyle {N}}   is the number of B-scans obtained at a single location and      I  i j k     {\displaystyle I_{ijk}}   is the intensity of a pixel with image coordinates     ( j , k )   {\displaystyle (j,k)}   in the B-scan indexed by     i   {\displaystyle i}  .
SV-OCT has advantages for microvasculature imaging due to its high sensitivity and independence to the Doppler angle. In addition, it has low computational complexity and requires relatively low data storage compared to PV-OCT. However, SV-OCT it is susceptible to bulk tissue motion and multiple scattering induced artifacts.
Aside from applications in ophthalmology, SV-OCT has been used to study blood flow in embryos, cardiac tissue, and spinal tissue 
Acremonium species are usually slow-growing and are initially compact and moist. Their hyphae are fine and hyaline, and produce mostly simple phialides. Their conidia are usually one-celled (i.e. ameroconidia), hyaline or pigmented, globose to cylindrical, and mostly aggregated in slimy heads at the apex of each phialide.
Liaisons Dangereuses inspired the naming of an underground dance and "electro" music program on Antwerp SIS radio (103.9 FM) presented by Sven Van Hees that became notable during the rise of AB music and New Beat during the late 1980s.
This article about a German band or other musical ensemble is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Plaid collaborated with video artist Bob Jaroc for their live performances and on the 5.1 audio/visual project entitled Greedy Baby. The project was completed on 20 July 2005, and was first shown at the Queen Elizabeth Hall in the South Bank Centre, and subsequently at the BFI Imax cinema in Waterloo, London. Greedy Baby was released on DVD from Warp on 26 June 2006.
In 2006, Plaid composed and performed the original score to Michael Arias' anime film Tekkonkinkreet, and then went on to rejoin Arias for his second feature, Heaven's Door, as well as two of his subsequent short films.
In 2009, they contributed a cover of a Plone song to the Warp20 (Recreated) compilation.[citation needed]
Plaid's music has been used in the LittleBigPlanet series. In 2014, they helped produce some of the soundtrack for LittleBigPlanet 3.
Plaid's style crosses a number of genres - electronica, dance, ambient, experimental - and is sometimes to referred to by some critics as "post-techno." They are known to employ a variety of time-signatures in their music and often create syncopated beats and melodies using a variety of real instruments and samples.
Brazil had attended the competition without two of their most notable players, defender Domingos da Guia (champion with Boca Juniors two years before) and striker Leonidas da Silva, nicknamed the Black Diamond. As the tournament was played in a single round-robin system, Argentina and Brazil finished tied on points at the end of the tournament. Therefore, a playoff match had to be played to crown a champion, according to the rules.
The match was held in San Lorenzo stadium, were both teams played hard, committing several number of fouls. After Brazilian player Domingos Spitalletti kicked Francisco Varallo violently in the 36th minute, a riot involving all the players (even some substitutes) started. After a hiatus of 40', the match restarted. Nevertheless, just two minutes a new riot happened after Cunha hit Cherro on his face. 
When I was substituted vs Uruguay, I became demoralised. Still sweated, I stayed to watch the second half. Then I got ill, probably with bitterness. I scored the two goals but I wanted to play more time. I didn't.
In his early career he worked as Max Wolf's assistant at Heidelberg, Germany and discovered a number of asteroids. He worked in Germany, Italy and Argentina before returning to Italy for good in 1908.
He was director of Trieste Observatory starting in 1919; Trieste had just been annexed to Italy following World War I. He then became director of Capodimonte Observatory in Naples starting in 1932 and until his retirement in 1950. In 1943 during World War II, the observatory was temporarily occupied by American and British troops in order to install a radar station.
Giap was hospitalized at the 108 Hospital on  September 24, 2009. After his 100th birthday, Giap's health deteriorated as he slowly lost the ability to both speak and walk.  In 2011, VTV showed footage of him voting (from a wheelchair) to dispel rumors of his failing health.  At 6:09 PM  on October 4, 2013, he died after a four-year stay at the hospital, at the age of 102.  According to East Asian age reckoning, he was 103.
In Vietnam, news of Giap's death spread quickly through the local social media, especially through Facebook, before the government-controlled media began to pick it up. VnExpress, an online newspaper, reported the news more than four hours later, and domestic media began to report the story.  However, before an official acknowledgement from the government, the media could only briefly mention the news without any commentary.
Fully one day later, the official news agency acknowledged the news that Giap was dead and announced a national funeral.  There was an immediate outpouring of grief in the country where he was highly revered and many people regard him as second only to Ho Chi Minh. His family opened his residence for visitations and hundreds of thousands of people came to pay their respects before the official funeral.
Rolf Franke (born 7 April 1967) is a Dutch retired basketball player and current coach. As a player, Franke played for multiple clubs in the Netherlands and he represented the Dutch national basketball team in 60 games as well.
As a player, Franke won the Dutch Eredivisie title eight times, while winning the NBB Cup four times.
On 11 June 2018, Franke signed a one-year contract to become the head coach of ZZ Leiden. On 31 March 2019, Franke won the NBB Cup with Leiden, the club's first trophy since 2013. On 24 April 2019, it was announced that Franke won the DBL Coach of the Year.
In 1984, the MCO assumed the then recently disbanded CBC Winnipeg Orchestra's Candlelight Concerts series, which was broadcast nationally on CBC radio. Canadians across the country and fans around the world continue to enjoy the orchestra online and in frequent broadcasts of its recordings.
In 1988, the orchestra represented Manitoba at the Winter Olympics in Calgary, Alberta. The MCO toured southern Italy in August 1999, and British Columbia twice: in the spring of 2003, and in the autumn of 2009 together with the celebrated percussion soloist, Dame Evelyn Glennie. The MCO toured with Glennie a second time in the fall of 2016, with stops in Ontario and Quebec.
In January 2018, the MCO presented the Canadian premiere of Philip Glass's third piano concerto. It was performed with American pianist Simone Dinnerstein, and co-commissioned as the inaugural installment in the MCO's three-year New Concerto Project.
In 1995, the MCO released its first compact disc, on Sweden's BIS label. Canadian Music for Chamber Orchestra marked the first recording by a North American orchestra for the prestigious company. It was distributed in more than 45 countries. There have been eight subsequent CDs, four of them with CBC Records. A new disc recorded with Dame Evelyn Glennie, is scheduled to be released in 2017.
The orchestra has received three nominations for Juno Awards: in 1999 for A Britten Serenade; and in 2005 for So much to tell, which has sold nearly 10 thousand copies, and in 2013 for Troubadour and the Nightingale.
In October 2019, the MCO were named Classical Artist / Ensemble of the Year at the Western Canadian Music Awards. 
Concertmasters have been Arthur Polson, 1972-1987; Gwen Hoebig, 1987-1990; Victor Costanzi, 1990-1991; Claude Richard, 1991-1992; David Stewart, 1992-1999; and Karl Stobbe, 1999 to present. Rita Menzies became the orchestra's general manager in 1979, and was succeeded by Vicki Young in 2003.
Saddle Butte Township is a township in Golden Valley County, North Dakota, United States. Its population was 25 as of the 2010 census, down from 27 in 2000.
The township of Saddle Butte is located on the western border of the county and the state. It borders the following other townships in Golden Valley County:
He played his junior hockey with the Barrie Flyers and Niagara Falls Flyers, and started his professional career with the Kingston Frontenacs. By 1961 he joined the Bruins, although he had stints the next two years with the Frontenacs and the Providence Reds of the American Hockey League (AHL). By 1966, he was firmly ensconced on Boston's checking line.
Westfall retired having played 1226 career NHL games, scoring 231 goals and 394 assists for 625 points.
Westfall was part of CTV's broadcast team for the 1984 Canada Cup tournament.  He provided reports and did interviews from ice level.
On November 19, 2011, Westfall was inducted into the New York Islanders Hall of Fame. The Islanders held "Ed Westfall Night" in his honor. He and his former partner in the booth "Jiggs" McDonald called the second period in the game that night between two of his former teams, the New York Islanders and the Boston Bruins.
In April 1953, Weber was successful in having the Ohio General Assembly proclaim September 17 as statewide Constitution Day.
In 1953, Representative Frank T. Bow took the idea to make Constitution Day a national holiday to the House of Representatives. Bow recognized Weber and Romary for their part in encouraging the creation of the holiday. Congress passed a resolution creating Constitution Week. The Senate and the House approved her request and President Dwight D. Eisenhower signs it into law.
On April 15, 1957, the city council of Louisville, Ohio declared the city, Constitution Town. In 1958 the Ohio State Archaeological and Historical Society donated four historical markers for the main entrances to the city which explained Louisville's role as the originator of Constitution Day.
The Special Groups or GE (Grupos Especiais in Portuguese) were small military units of platoon size, set up from 1966 to 1974 by the Portuguese Armed Forces in Angola and in Mozambique. Later, Paratrooper Special Groups or GEP (Grupos Especiais Paraquedistas) were formed, these being units able to conduct airborne operations. By 1974 there were 84 GE and 12 GEP, with 7,700 members, operating in Mozambique and 90 GE, with 3,069 members, operating in Angola.
The GE had,  as a standard uniform,  a completely black battledress. However, they often used the camouflaged uniform of the Portuguese Army in the field. As headgear, the GE used a Yellow beret and one GEP garnet red beret, both with the emblem of GE (Shield of Mozambique Province on a dagger and surrounded by a laurel wreath). 
The GEP wore the Portuguese Air Force paratroopers camouflaged uniform and a Maroon beret. The GEP was the first Portuguese military force to use a red beret, prior to the commandos who only officially adopted its use in 1974.
Sylvia Morales (born 1943 in Phoenix, Arizona) is an American film director, writer, producer, and editor. Morales is recognized as one of the first female Mexican-American filmmakers to have established a Latino cinema. In her filmmaking career, Morales has been nationally recognized winning awards for film and video documentary on topics ranging from the farm workers struggle to the music of Los Lobos.
While the majority of her work is in the documentary film genre, she has also done work for the mass media television. She has also published essays and photographs on Latina and feminist issues. Sylvia Morales has lectured and taught in different Universities throughout Southern California. Morales' work is characterized by strong documentaries that portray the Latino community. She also has work that demonstrates the feminist issues that arise in the Chicano community.
Morales was born in Phoenix, Arizona but was raised in Southern California, United States. Morales studied at the University of California, Los Angeles where she received her Bachelor of Arts in 1972. She then went on to receive her Master of Fine Arts in 1979 in film with an emphasis in motion picture production.
Recommended...The film does a fine job of combining social history and biography, providing a glimpse of an important social justice movement, along with some of the significant individuals who carried it forward
Sylvia Morales work has been shown widely in film festivals, Universities, conferences and in community gatherings throughout the U.S., Mexico, South America, Spain and France. In many of her screenings she has been a guest speaker in which she allows for dialogue about the film and about her life.
Morales's documentary Chicana was released in 1979. The film depicts back to pre-Columbian to present times, where it illustrates the women's role starting with the Aztec society till present day where she shows that Chicanas have become an active part in Mexico and the United States. Linda Gross from Los Angeles Times, describes Chicana as "A well-researched and spirited documentary made with much love."
This article about a place in Canelones Department is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The original 12" vinyl EP was pressed twice: once on black vinyl and the classic tan cover, and then again in 1986, on both red and black vinyl (with a maroon sleeve), and white vinyl (with tan cover).
He made his league debut for Rosenborg in the first league game of the 2010 season against Molde on 14 March 2010
Captain Henry Mitchell Jr. (1862-1894) was managing director of a brewery company co-founded by his father Henry Mitchell. He was also superintendent of the fire brigade at the company's Cape Hill brewery, and a captain in the Smethwick Rifle Volunteers.
Harry was born on 11 September 1862, in Smethwick (then part of Staffordshire), and died from typhoid at the age of just 32.
Henry also built and donated Smethwick Drill Hall and the accompanying Sergeant Instructor's house. A plaque from the drill hall, now in the Harry Mitchell Leisure Centre which replaced it, reads:
 This drill hall  for use of the Smethwick Volunteers  and the surrounding recreation grounds  called 'Harry's Park' were presented to  the inhabitants of Smethwick in memory of  Captain Henry Mitchell  of the Smethwick Rifle Volunteers and  Cape Hill Brewery Fire Brigade  born at Smethwick September  11th 1862
This is a list of media in the Regional Municipality of Waterloo, Ontario, including Kitchener, Waterloo, Cambridge and the surrounding area.
Stations from neighbouring cities such as Hamilton, Guelph, London, Brantford and Toronto can also be received in some areas of the Waterloo Region.
The only broadcast television station based in Waterloo Region is CTV owned-and-operated station CKCO-DT, which is branded on-air as CTV Kitchener. It is located in Kitchener and is owned by Bell Media. The region is also served by Rogers TV, a community channel based in Kitchener available only to Rogers Cable subscribers providing local talk shows, coverage of special events, and local hockey games.
Although other networks / systems such as City and CTV Two are not readily available over the air, stations from adjacent markets for most such services are available on the basic service of most pay television subscriptions. The incumbent cable television provider in Waterloo Region is Rogers Cable.
The regional townships are also served by their own local newspapers. The Observer is aimed towards readers in Elmira, Woolwich, and Wellesley, and New Hamburg Independent for New Hamburg and Wilmot. The Ayr News is aimed towards readers in Ayr and the surrounding township of North Dumfries.
This German road or road transport-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
while two of them (    L   {\displaystyle L}   and     P   {\displaystyle P}  ) are active production factors, the other     K   {\displaystyle K}   is a passive one.
The theory can be applied to any  national economy; principles of consistent analysis and forecast are considered.  As an example, dynamics of Russian economy for  years 1960 - 2060  is considered in one-sector and three-sector approximations(see. Chapter 8 and 9). The elementary, three-branch model is used (see. Section 2.2.2, Table 2.2 in Chapter 2 and Section 9.5 in Chapter 9) for the description of dynamics of production (the expanded reproduction, in Marx's terms).
Like Iowa City Transit and Cambus, Coralville Transit uses the Transit app to show estimated arrival times at stops and precise locations of buses on the map. Prior to 2019, the BONGO (Bus on the Go) system was used for bus tracking on the three transit systems in the Iowa City area.
Acacia uncifera is a shrub or tree belonging to the genus Acacia and the subgenus Phyllodineae native to north eastern Australia.
The species was first formally described by the botanist George Bentham in 1848 as part of Thomas Mitchell's work Journal of an Expedition into the Interior of Tropical Australia. It was reclassified as Racosperma unciferum by Leslie Pedley in 1987 then transferred back to genus Acacia in 2001.
It is endemic only in a small area in Queensland from the White Mountains to Torrens Creek and the headwaters of the Nogoa River where it is found on plains and hills where it grows in sandy soils over and around sandstone as a part of open forest or woodland communities composed of Angophora and Eucalyptus species.
On 21 January 2016 Rocha moved abroad for the first time in his career, after agreeing to a three-year deal with Major League Soccer side Houston Dynamo.  On 6 July 2016, he mutually terminated his contract with Dynamo after alleging "family reasons".
Erupa nampa is a moth in the family Crambidae. It was described by Schaus in 1929. It is found in Brazil (Santa Catharina).
Sphynx is Melechesh's third full-length album. The album presents the band's Mesopotamian/Sumerian metal in a more aggressive and intricate manner. The CD version includes an enhanced multimedia section featuring a trip to the world of Melechesh (lyrical overviews, wallpaper, photos, glossary of terms, and a videoclip for the track "Genies, Sorcerers and Mesopotamian Nights"). There is a guest appearance from Andy LaRocque on the track "Purifier of the Stars".
I Am Nancy is a 2011 American documentary that follows actress Heather Langenkamp as she explores her role as Nancy Thompson in the A Nightmare on Elm Street films, the fandom that surrounds the franchise, and why most of it focuses on Freddy Krueger, rather than Nancy.
Actress Heather Langenkamp attends several horror conventions across the globe as she interacts with fans to gain insight into why people are so drawn to the series and the characters of Nancy and Freddy. Additionally, she interviews Robert Englund and Wes Craven to understand what qualities make Nancy a definitive film hero.
Langenkamp was inspired to make a documentary about herself and Nancy after a receptionist rebuffed her efforts to contact director Wes Craven.  The film was originally planned to coincide with the 25th anniversary of A Nightmare on Elm Street but was delayed for her participation in Never Sleep Again.  Langenkamp felt that documentary did not answer all the questions that she had.  Production took two years.
In a positive review for Dread Central, Emilie Noetzel wrote, "I Am Nancy is a must-see for fans of the A Nightmare on Elm Street series and of Heather Langenkamp. It is at times funny, at times quite serious, and oftentimes very touching. What really makes the documentary about Nancy, and Heather, feel so real and personal is that Heather understands the fact that Nancy is secondary to Freddy to most people, and she has no problem poking fun at herself."
William Whitlock, Jr., of New York, was interested in sailing packet lines from the early twenties and made the first sailing of the Cadmus (ship) (306 tons) in the New York-Havre Whitlock Line in 1823.
He was also one of the pioneers in the New York-Savannah packet line, which commenced weekly sailings between the ports in early 1824. Whitlock, who was unique in being the sole owner and operator of several packet ships, came from a New Jersey family and was the son of a sea captain.
Joseph A. Scoville says that the first business ventures of Whitlock soured him against partnerships and that he played a lone hand. "Even in ship-owning he preferred to hold an undivided interest if he could. If there was a loss, he could stand it, and if a profit, he did not wish to divide it with anybody."
In his early life, Whitlock spent some time in Georgia as a cotton factor, and this experience really got him interested in ships for transporting cotton from Georgia to New York and to markets in continental Europe.
In the thirties, Whitlock owned a few Havre packets outright, operated them in his own name, but ran them for some time in conjunction with James J. Boyd's Havre Second Line and later with the "Fox & Livingston line." Samuel M. Fox and Mortimer Livingston, sons-in-law of Francis Depau, took over the Havre Old Line, which had been founded by Depau in 1822, upon the latter's death early in 1836. Later, the Havre Old Line and the Whitlock Line were joined and operated as the Havre Union Line.
Emarginula bonfittoi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae, the keyhole limpets.
Her Country First is a 1918 American comedy silent film directed by James Young and written by Edith Kennedy and Mary Roberts Rinehart. The film stars Vivian Martin, John Cossar, Florence Oberle, J. Parks Jones, Larry Steers, and Bernadine Zuber. The film was released on September 22, 1918, by Paramount Pictures.
There are no listings for this film in the Library of Congress's database which suggest that it is a lost film.
Dorothy Grant returns from boarding school so fired up with patriotism that she organizes her friends into a military company they call the Girls' Aviation Corps with help from a woman farmer who served in the military. Dorothy then discovers that German spies have come to town to get access to her father's munitions plant.
Sher Ali was born to a well off and educated Zamindar family that was part of the Ranjha Jat tribe.  He was the son of Maulvi Nizam ud Din. His mother died on 7 March 1907. A daughter of Sher Ali, with the name Khadija Beguum wrote his short biography Seerat Hadrat Maulvi Sher Ali. Sher Ali did his B.A. in 1897.
His wife died on 12 July 1942 and Sher Ali died on 13 November 1947 at Lahore. He was buried at the Bahishti Maqbara (The Heavenly Graveyard) at Rabwah.
Fan is interested in statistical theory and methods in data science, finance, economics, risk management, machine learning, computational biology, and biostatistics, with a particular focus on high-dimensional statistics, nonparametric modeling, longitudinal and functional data analysis, nonlinear time series, wavelets, among other areas.
Animania was an annual anime convention that was held in Sydney, Australia. Originally run by local University anime societies, Animania is now organised by Aurora Entertainment, and includes several events in Sydney, Brisbane, Melbourne, and Adelaide. The term Animania in the 1990s referred to online-organized meetings of Animaniacs fans from around the world.
At the main Sydney Animania in 2007, Halcyon played two sets, including an acoustic set (without drums) at the Friday preview night, and with the full band on the Saturday night.
Halcyon's "style" is playing songs that have appeared in anime and Japanese video games, creating original translations (and occasionally reinterpretations) of the Japanese lyrics. Songs they have covered include Fly Me to the Moon from Neon Genesis Evangelion and HT from Trigun.
At the September 2007 Sydney event Animania announced they had been accepted by the World Cosplay Summit to host the Australian competitions to compete in Japan at WCS 2009. This will be the first time Australia has been represented at WCS.
Preliminary competition events will be held at the 2008 events with the finals taking place at August 2008 Sydney event. The winning team will be flown to Japan in 2009 to compete in the World Cosplay Summit. The team representing Australia for the first time is the Love and Peace Movement, consisting of Tsubaki Chan and Cattypatra.
In 2008 the first World Cosplay Summit Australian Preliminaries took place at Animania, with the finalists competing in the 2009 World Cosplay Summit Championship (Japan).
The 2008 Sydney August event featured two live concerts: Argent La Rosa, a J-Rock styled band, and Yunyu.
This article about a football club in North Macedonia is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Beale started his career in 1991 using various aliases creating oldschool hardcore tracks. He continued fine tuning the deep jungle sound under the Orca and Koda aliases on Lucky Spin Records and its sister label, Deejay Recordings, releasing "Tranquility to Earth" in 1994. In 1995 he first used the Decoder pseudonym, pioneering the dark or 'tech step' style of drum & bass, often on Mark Caro's label Tech Itch Recordings.
1997 saw the release of Decoder's Decoded EP, which achieved press recognition with a number eighteen placing in NME's "Vibes Singles of the Year" chart.[citation needed]
Decoder releases appeared on various labels, including Breakbeat Culture with Markee Ledge as Decoder & Substance, Tech Itch Recordings, BS1 Records, Hard Leaders, 31 Records and Audio Couture. Decoder also provided production for Peshay's Miles From Home.
Scythris tumidella is a moth of the family Scythrididae. It was described by Kari Nupponen and Timo Nupponen in 2001. It is found in Russia (Altai).
The GT1 class champion was the #1 Calsonic Nissan Skyline GT-R driven by Masahiko Kageyama, and the GT2 class champion was the #29 Korg Kegani Porsche 964 driven by Sakae Obata.
Gjerdrum Idrettslag is a Norwegian sports club from Gjerdrum, Akershus. It has sections for association football, team handball, alpine skiing, Nordic skiing, biathlon, floorball and volleyball.
It was founded as Gjerdrum IF on 25 January 1920. In August 1940 it merged with the AIF club Gjerdrum AIL to form Gjerdrum IL.
The men's football team currently plays in the Third Division, the fourth tier of football in Norway. Its only stint at the third tier came in 1988.
Members of the skiing section include the 2014 Olympic cross-country sprint champion Maiken Caspersen Falla.
The Ireland national under-20 rugby team was formed in 2006, having previously been known as the under-21 team. They won the Grand Slam during the 2007 and 2019 Six Nations Under 20s Championship's, and also won the championship in 2010.
Jesse Robinson House was a historic home located at Seaford, Sussex County, Delaware, United States. It consisted of two sections: the rear wing, built about 1820 as a single-pile, one-room-plan frame house, and the front section, added about 1860 as a two-story single-pile, center-hall-plan frame structure.  Five bays in width and resting on a brick foundation, it had design elements that mixed the Greek Revival and Italianate styles.
This article about a property in Delaware on the National Register of Historic Places is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Jack Royce Woolf was born to Jeff D. and Emily Mahaza (Bradley) Woolf on June 10, 1924, in Trinidad, Texas.  His grandmother Woolf's family settled in the Trinidad, Texas, area after the Civil War.
Upon graduation from Purdue, Woolf accepted a position as a research engineer and supervisor of propulsion research and a team member on the B-58 project with Convair (now Lockheed Martin) in Fort Worth, Texas.
During Woolf's tenure as president, Arlington State College was elevated to a four-year institution effective September 1, 1959. The College was authorized to offer seventeen bachelor's degree programs in business administration, engineering, liberal arts, and the sciences.  At this time, Woolf recruited Wendell Nedderman as the first dean of engineering. By 1966, three more bachelors were added as well as teacher certification programs in seven academic departments.
In 1966, in a historic move, Woolf established the graduate school with approval for six new master's degree programs:  electrical engineering, engineering mechanics, mathematics, economics, physics, and psychology. The university's first doctoral program, a Ph.D. in engineering, was to come on September 1, 1969.
Under Woolf's leadership, ASC was the first Texas A&M System school to integrate (1962) and the first to accept black athletes (1963). Under his presidency, ASC/UTA expanded rapidly from an enrollment of 5,000 to 11,500. He instituted the first bachelor's and master's degree programs.
On Sept. 1, 1968, Woolf resigned the presidency and was named President Emeritus and University Professor of Engineering and Higher Education.  He continued to teach courses in mechanical engineering until retiring in 1989. In addition to his career at UT Arlington, he was a consultant to several universities and educational agencies.  He was the executive director of the Association of Texas Colleges and Universities for over 10 years.
Woolf was designated a "Distinguished Alumnus" of the College of Engineering of Purdue University in 1964, one of the first ten to be so honored. He also was selected to the Academy of Distinguished Graduates of Mechanical Engineering, Texas A&M University.
In 1995, UT Arlington renamed the Engineering Building, the first building constructed during his presidency, to Woolf Hall.
The Rennes Congress was the thirteenth national congress of the French Socialist Party (Parti socialiste or PS). It took place from 15 to 18 March 1990.
During the Rennes Congress, Mitterrand wanted impose Fabius as First Secretary. For a second time, he was opposed by a Rocard-Jospin alliance. The Rennes Congress was marked by the violence in the Mitterrandist group which split between Jospiniens and Fabiusiens, the later group being those "high fliers" who had joined the party relatively recently.
Pierre Mauroy was re-elected First Secretary with the support of Jospin and Rocard. Mitterrand accused Jospin of being responsible for the split of the Mitterrandist current. His relations with Jospin and Rocard deteriorated until the "resignation" of Rocard from the head of the cabinet in 1991. The next year, Jospin was ejected from the government.
The violence of the debates gave a very bad public image to the PS and contributed to its decline at the beginning of the 1990s. The Rennes Congress is a traumatic event in the memory of the French Socialists.
Pycnarmon geminipuncta is a moth in the family Crambidae. It was described by George Hampson in 1912. It is found in China.
The Act also omitted the term "natural born" in the characterisation of children born outside the US to US citizen parents. The Act repeated the limitation in the 1790 Act that naturalization was reserved only for "free white person[s]."  It also changed the requirement in the 1790 Act of "good character" to read "good moral character."
The 1795 Act continued the 1790 Act limitation of naturalization being available only to "free white person[s]." The main change was the increase in the period of required residence in the United States before an alien can be naturalized from two to five years, and the introduction of the Declaration of Intention requirement, or "first papers", which required to be filed at least three years before the formal application, creating a two-step naturalization process. 
The Act removed the characterization of children born outside the US to US citizen parents as "natural born citizens", providing instead that such children "shall be considered as citizens of the United States".
The 1795 Act was superseded by the Naturalization Act of 1798, which extended the residency requirement to 14 years and notice period to five years. The 1798 Act was repealed by the Naturalization Law of 1802, which restored the residency and notice requirements of the 1795 Act. 
Riolan had other disagreements with Harvey, such as the role of the liver as a blood-manufacturing organ. Riolan was an opponent to the practice of vivisection, asserting that violent and painful deaths suffered by research animals, placed them in an unnatural condition that led to incorrect assumptions about the functionality of healthy animals.
Riolan's best known written works are Anthropographia (1618), which is a treatise on human anatomy, and Opuscula anatomica (1649), in which he is critical of Harvey's views of the circulatory system. In his Anthropographia he also defined what traits a good anatomist had to have.
The Kirindy Mitea National Park is a national park on the coast of the Mozambique Channel, in south-west Madagascar. The 72,200 hectares (178,000 acres) park contains many endemic animals and plants and claims to have the greatest density of primates in the world.
There are a wide range of ecosystems due to reserve being in an area where southern and western biotypes meet. Within the park is the largest remaining area of dry deciduous forest, tropical dry forest, spiny forest, beaches and sand-dunes, mangroves and coral reefs. One hundred and eighty-five species of plants have, so far, been recorded, among them three species of baobab, as well as seven species of mangrove trees.
The government press conference takes place three times a week on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays, to which the press secretaries of the Federal Government and the ministries are invited. After brief introductory statements, they answer questions from the journalists. They may flag particular answers as confidential and it is in line with the journalists' voluntary commitment to the press code to maintain this confidentiality, though in practice, this power is rarely used.
The earliest roots of today's Federal Press Conference are in the press conferences organized by the General Staff of the Imperial Army during the First World War, which held from 1915, the former stock market journalist and Major Georg Schweitzer. He had already been one of the founding members of the Imperial Press Ball. The "teaching of the people" corresponded to the then prevailing patriotic mood.
Komarov was one of the most highly experienced and qualified candidates accepted into the first squad of cosmonauts selected in 1960. He was declared medically unfit for training or spaceflight twice while he was in the program, but his perseverance, superior skills, and engineering knowledge allowed him to continue playing an active role. During his time at the cosmonaut training center, he contributed to space vehicle design, cosmonaut training, evaluation and public relations.
In 1946, Komarov completed his first year of training at the Chkalov Higher Air Force School in Borisoglebsk in Voronezh Oblast. He then completed his training at the A.K. Serov Military Aviation College in Bataisk. Komarov's mother died in 1948, seven months before his graduation in 1949, at which he received his pilot's wings and commission as a lieutenant in the Soviet Air Force.
In December 1949, Komarov served as the pilot of a fighter plane with the 383rd Regiment of the 42nd North Caucasian Fighter Air Division that was based in Grozny.
In September 1959, Komarov was promoted to engineer-captain and invited to participate in the selection process for cosmonaut candidate along with approximately 3,000 other pilots. He was one of twenty candidates selected for "Air Force Group One"; he and the others reported to the newly formed TsPK just outside Moscow for assignment on 13 March 1960.
In April 1964 Komarov was declared space-flight ready with Bykovsky, Popovich, Titov, Volynov, Leonov, Khrunov, Belyayev, and Lev Demin. From this group the commander of the planned Voskhod mission scheduled for late 1964 would be chosen. In May the group was reduced to Volynov, Komarov, Leonov and Khrunov.
On 9 October, Komarov and the crew inspected the Voskhod with Korolev and other members of the administration. Later that day they were interviewed by the state press and played tennis for the benefit of photographers.
In December 1964, the RVSN (Strategic Rocket Forces) requested that Komarov be transferred from the VVS (Soviet Air Force) to the RVSN, in a move possibly motivated by the poor record of the RVSN in producing successful rockets compared to the VVS. The request was opposed by Kamanin.
As a result of the problems with the craft, the Soviets did not launch the second Soyuz module, from which cosmonauts were to perform an extra-vehicular activity (EVA) to the Soyuz 1, and cut the mission short.
On 26 April 1967, Komarov was given a state funeral in Moscow, and his ashes were interred in the Kremlin Wall Necropolis at Red Square. The American astronauts requested the Soviet government to allow a representative to attend, but were turned down.
Komarov was posthumously awarded his second Order of Lenin and also Hero of the Soviet Union.[citation needed]
Komarov is commemorated with other prominent figures from the early Russian space program with a bust on Cosmonauts Alley in Moscow, and he is also honored with a monument at the crash site near Orsk.
The asteroid 1836 Komarov, discovered in 1971, was named in the honor of Komarov, as was a crater on the Moon. This asteroid and the cosmonaut inspired the composer Brett Dean to write a piece of symphonic music commissioned by conductor Simon Rattle in 2006. The composition is named Komarov's Fall, and it can be found on the EMI Classics Album of Simon Rattle's The Planets.
There was formerly a Soviet satellite-tracking ship named for Komarov, the Kosmonaut Vladimir Komarov.
A Klondike derby is an annual event held by some Boy Scouts of America and Scouts Canada districts during the winter months and is based on the heritage of the Klondike Gold Rush. BSA units have been running Klondike derbies since 1949.
The event varies by district, but the typical Klondike derby consists of several stations where patrols/units must test their Scoutcraft skills and their leadership abilities, earning points towards a total score.  Often, one or more races are included while the Scouts navigate between stations.
The unit must transport their gear on a homemade sled pulled by the Scouts. Districts may have specific guidelines for the construction of sleds.
Nintendo Campus Challenge was a video game competition sponsored by Nintendo and held at nearly 60 college campuses and other events throughout the United States, including a Canadian Tour.  There were two Campus Challenge events, one in 1991 and another in 1992.
Like Nintendo World Championships, the official event gave each player 6 minutes and 21 seconds to play in the contest, but there are three different minigames. The first minigame of the competition is Super Mario Bros. 3, where players must collect 25 coins. The next minigame is a version of Pin*Bot, where players must get 100,000 points. The final minigame is Dr. Mario, which lasts until the time expires. Once time expires, a player's score is totaled using the following formula:
The following advertisement was printed in Game Players Strategy Guide to Nintendo Games Vol. 4, issue #5:
Rad Racer was not used in the final version of the competition cartridge, as it had previously appeared on the Nintendo World Championships cartridge and that both games used a different mapper chip from what the 1991 Nintendo Campus Challenge uses.
There is only one known original copy of the 1991 Campus Challenge cartridge known to exist. The game was found by a video game collector, Rob Walters, at a garage sale in New York  in 2006. The game sold for $14,000 in July 2009 to collector JJ Hendricks. After 3 months, Hendricks resold the game on eBay for $20,100.
The cartridge is known to have been utilized in the 1991 Campus Challenge; however, it was also used in the French 'Nintendo Super Tour 1992', and a competition in Scandinavia in the same year.
The Nintendo Campus Challenge 1991 was held at 58 college campuses and spring break locations. The event consisted of three stages. The main stage had the competition on 12 different game stations. The second stage was Nintendo Entertainment System systems with various games while the third stage had Game Boy systems. Attendees at the events could play as many times as they wanted and the highest score at the end of the day was announced the winner.
The winner from each location was flown to Disney World in Orlando, Florida over New Year's weekend in January 1992. All the competitors played in the first round followed by a second round with the six highest scoring players only. The final round was a head-to-head match between Steven Lucas and Matt Sekelsky. Steven Lucas won with a score of 2,394,130.
The rules are the same as the 1991 version, except with three SNES minigames. The first minigame of the competition is Super Mario World, where players must collect 50 coins (very similar to Nintendo World Championships' first minigame, Super Mario Bros.). The second game is a version of F-Zero, where players must complete two laps. The final minigame is Pilotwings, where players must land on two targets successfully. Once time expires, a player's score is totaled using the following formula:
There are reportedly three cartridges in existence, but only two are known. One was found at the same New York garage sale by Rob Walters as the 1991 cartridge. The cartridge is owned by a video game collector named Rick Bruns.  The second one was found in an attic of a former employee of a company who did projects for Nintendo.  Nintendo sent the cartridge to the company along with some systems and other games.
The cartridge is also known to have been used in the French 'Nintendo Super Tour 1992', and a Scandinavian-based competition the same year.
Similar competitions were held in Europe and Japan in 1992. The winner of the US competition, Jeff Hanson, won against the winner of the Japanese competition, Yuichi Suyama, and became the World Champion at the 1993 Consumer Electronics Show.
The series consists of three main phases: a blind audition, a battle phase, and live performance shows. The four judges / coaches choose teams of contestants through a blind audition process. Each judge has the length of the auditioner's performance to decide if he or she wants that singer on his or her team. If two or more judges want the same singer (as happens frequently), the singer has the final choice of coach.
In the final phase, the remaining contestants compete against each other in live broadcasts. The audience and the coaches have equal say in deciding who moves on to the final 4 phase. With one contestant remaining for each coach, the four contestants will compete against each other in the final round with the outcome decided solely by public vote. However, in Season 4, there may be multiple contestants for a coach to enter the Grand Final, or may be no contestants for the respective coaches.
The first season of The Voice of China premiered on 13 July 2012, and concluded on 30 September. The coaching panel consisted of Liu Huan, Na Ying, Yang Kun, and Harlem Yu. Hu Qiaohua as the host.
Four finalists were advanced to the final round. Bruce Liang was announced as the winner of the season, while Momo Wu, Jike Junyi, and Kim Ji-mun placed second, third, and fourth, respectively.
Season two premiered on 12 July 2013, and concluded on 7 October 2013. The coaching panel was modified, with A-mei and Wang Feng replacing Liu and Yang. This is the only season with two female coaches, which are A-mei and Na Ying. Hu continued appearing as the host of the show.
Four finalists were advanced to the final round. Li Qi was announced as the winner of the season, while Zhang Hengyuan, Xuan Xuan, and Jin Runji placed second, third, and fourth, respectively.
Season three premiered on 18 July 2014 and concluded on 7 October 2014. Na and Wang return as coaches for their third and second season respectively, along with Yang who returns after a one season break, and Chyi Chin completes the panel as a new coach.
Four finalists were advanced to the final round. Diamond Zhang was announced as the winner of the season, while Perhat Khaliq, Yu Feng, and Qin Yuzi placed second, third, and fourth, respectively.
Season four premiered on 17 July 2015 and concluded on 7 October 2015. Na and Wang return as coaches for their fourth and third season respectively, along with Yu who returns after a one season break, and Jay Chou completes the panel as a new coach.
Five finalists were advanced to the final round. Zhang Lei was announced as the winner of the season, while Tifa Chen, Tan Xuanyuan, Bei Bei and Leon Lee placed second, third, fourth and fifth, respectively.
This Osaka Prefecture railroad station-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Aquaventure is a large water park with large focus on theming and some attractions not typically found at local water parks. A concept originally introduced for the expansion to the Paradise Island resort complex, Aquaventure is now located at both resorts. The main features of both complexes are The Current, a lazy river-water raft ride hybrid, and the Mayan temple slide tower.
Deep Purple Secret Mexican Tour was a small warm-up tour of British hard rock band Deep Purple with new guitarist Steve Morse and consisted of two shows in Mexico and one show in the USA
Marcoux won in the 1998 elections the Vaudreuil seat which was formerly held by Daniel Johnson Jr. former Quebec Premier.
Marcoux was named Transport Minister in 2003 before being promoting to Justice Minister in a Cabinet shuffle in February 2005. He was re-elected in the 2007 elections for a third term but was not named in the new cabinet. Jacques P. Dupuis, who was the Minister of Public Safety, was appointed to the portfolio of Minister of Justice.
In fire and explosion prevention engineering, purging refers to the introduction of an inert (i.e. non-combustible) purge gas into a closed system (e.g. a container or a process vessel) to prevent the formation of an ignitable atmosphere.  Purging relies on the principle that a combustible (or flammable) gas is able to undergo combustion (explode) only if mixed with air in the right proportions.  The flammability limits of the gas define those proportions, i.e. the ignitable range.
Assume a closed system containing a flammable gas, which shall be prepared for safe ingress of air, for instance as part of a shut-down procedure.  The system can be flushed with an inert gas to reduce the concentration of the flammable gas so that when air is introduced, an ignitable mixture cannot form.  In NFPA 56 this is known as purge-out-of-service.
It is useful with two terms for purging because purge-out-of-service requires much larger quantities of inert agent than purge-into-service. The terminology of German standards refers to purge-into-service as partial inerting, and purge-out-of-service as total inerting, clearly indicating the difference between the two purging practices, although the choice of the term inerting, rather than purging, can be confusing, see below.
The purge gas is inert, i.e. by definition non-combustible, or more precisely, non-reactive. The most common purge gases commercially available in large quantities are nitrogen and carbon dioxide.  Other inert gases, e.g. argon or helium may be used.  Nitrogen and carbon dioxide are unsuitable purge gases in some applications, as these gases may undergo chemical reaction with fine dusts of certain light metals. 
Because an inert purge gas is used, the purge procedure may (erroneously) be referred to as inerting in everyday language.  This confusion may lead to dangerous situations.  Carbon dioxide is a safe inert gas for purging.  Carbon dioxide is an unsafe inert gas for inerting, as it may ignite the vapors and result in an explosion.
It is said to be the place where the wake for Fernando IV "The Summoned", who died in Jaen on 17 September 1312, was held. For this reason, throughout the centuries prayers for the dead have been held in the arch during funerals for the city's bishops.
The church at 2-4 San Lorenzo Street has a single nave. It was noted for its objets d'art, including an All Souls Altarpiece, a panel of Saint Dominic and Saint Bartholomew of La Cuesta, and a painting on linen of Cristo de las Injurias, all housed in the nearby Church of La Merced.
His brother, Bernard Koenen was arrested briefly during the Great Purge. He and his brother are both buried at the Socialists' Memorial at the Berlin cemetery, Zentralfriedhof Friedrichsfelde. A street in Sangerhausen is named after Wilhelm Koenen.
Lime Street Chapel was a Roman Catholic place of worship in the City of London, in use during a short period of the reign of James II and VII of Great Britain.
The chapel was shortly given a diplomatic status, with James Stanford, Resident for Philip William, Elector Palatine, as owner: he was an English Catholic, considered to have been acting as a figurehead for a group of influential Catholics. James II backed the chapel's construction. Besides the king's support, there were contributions from Catholic merchants and priests. The Elector Palatine's views were not consulted.
The house on which the chapel was based had been leased by Betts, in 1676. It was later associated with Thomas Abney as Lord Mayor. The chapel was a separate structure, constructed possibly after Stanford (name given at the time also as Stamford or Sandford) had made a chapel in the house, and involved Catholic priests. There were hostile attentions from April 1686.
The chapel's activity came to an end in 1688. When Charles Petre SJ, brother of Edward Petre, preached there on 30 September against the King James Version, there was a riot, on which John Evelyn reported: Petre was removed from the pulpit, which was damaged, as was the altar. The chapel was protected against another attack on 29 October, by the trained bands and the watch.
Following the Glorious Revolution, James Stanford moved to Lancashire, where he lived in the Ribble Valley area. He had raised funds for Catholic churches in London, but the Elector Palatine wanted nothing to do with those efforts. Some of his papers passed into the Tempest Manuscripts, of Stephen Tempest of Broughton Hall, Skipton in Yorkshire.
Stanford (name recorded as "Stanphord") died on 6 December 1695 at Stydd. He was then of Clayton-le-Dale, and left a charitable foundation, "Stanford's Dole", with money to provide support for the poor, especially Catholics, of Stydd, Ribchester and the adjacent manor of Bailey. At this period, Catholic charitable bequests were hedged around by legal restrictions.
El Salvador is an electoral parish (parroquia electorale urban) or district of Quito, the capital city of Ecuador.  The parish was established as a result of the October 2004 political elections when the city was divided into 19 urban electoral parishes.
A four-wire terminating set (4WTS) is a balanced transformer used to perform a conversion between four-wire and two-wire operation in telecommunication systems.
For example, a 4-wire circuit may, by means of a 4-wire terminating set, be connected to a 2-wire telephone set. Also, a pair of 4-wire terminating sets may be used to introduce an intermediate 4-wire circuit into a 2-wire circuit, in which loop repeaters may be situated to amplify signals in each direction without positive feedback and oscillation. 
The 4WTS differs from a simple hybrid coil in being equipped to adjust its impedance to maximize return loss.
Kevin Healy is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
The list is sortable; the basic order follows the alphabet according to the last name of the victim.
Three and a half weeks later, his son was also deported to Auschwitz and murdered at the age of 14. Also his mother-in-law was murdered during the Shoah. The fate of his wife is unknown.
According to the website of Gunter Demnig the Stolpersteine of Prague were posed on 8 October 2008, 7 November 2009, 12 June 2010, 13 to 15 July 2011 and on 17 July 2013 by the artist himself. A further collocation occurred on 28 October 2012, but is not mentioned on Demnig's page.
Later he played with FK Mladost Podgorica in the Montenegrin First League and next with FK Rudar Prijedor in the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
This biographical article related to a Japanese association football midfielder born in the 1980s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Chrysoscota is a genus of moths in the family Erebidae. The genus was erected by George Hampson in 1900.
Nyai Ahmad Dahlan was born Siti Walidah in Kauman, Yogyakarta, in 1872 to Kyai Haji Muhammad Fadli, an ulama (Muslim religious leader) and member of the Sultanate of Yogyakarta; the area housed many religious figures from the palace. She was homeschooled in various aspects of Islam, including Arabic and the Qur'an; she read the Qur'an in the Jawi script.
Nyai Ahmad Dahlan married her cousin, Ahmad Dahlan. As he was busy developing the Islamic group Muhammadiyah at the time, she followed him in his travels. However, as some of Ahmad Dahlan's reformationist views on Islam were considered radical, the couple at times received threats; for example, before a scheduled trip to Banyuwangi in East Java they received death threats from conservatives there.
In 1914 she established the prayer group Sopo Tresno (literally Who Loves); she and her husband took turns leading the group in reading the Qur'an and discussing its meaning. Soon she began focusing on passages in the Qur'an that dealt with women's issues. By teaching reading and writing through the group, the couple slowed the Christianization of Java through schools sponsored by the colonial government.
With her husband and several other Muhammadiyah leaders, Nyai Ahmad Dahlan discussed the formalization of Sopo Tresno as a women's group. Rejecting the first proposal, Fatimah, they decided on the name Aisyiyah, derived from Muhammad's wife Aisha. The new group was formalized on 22 April 1917, with Nyai Ahmad Dahlan as its head. Five years later the organization became a part of Muhammadiyah.
After Ahmad Dahlan's death in 1923, Nyai Ahmad Dahlan continued to be active in Muhammadiyah and Aisyiyah. In 1926, she chaired the fifteenth Muhammadiyah Congress in Surabaya; she was the first woman to chair such a conference. As a result of widespread media coverage in newspapers such as Pewarta Surabaya and Sin Tit Po, more influential women joined Aisyiyah, while branches opened on other islands in the archipelago.
Nyai Ahmad Dahlan died at 1 p.m. local time (UTC+7) on 31 May 1946 and was buried behind the Great Mosque of Kauman in Yogyakarta four hours later. State Secretary Abdoel Gaffar Pringgodigdo and Minister of Religion Rasyidi represented the government at her funeral.
On 10 November 1971, Nyai Ahmad Dahlan was declared a National Heroine of Indonesia by President Suharto with Presidential Decree Number 42/TK of 1971; Ahmad Dahlan had been declared a National Hero ten years earlier. The award was accepted by her granddaughter, M Wardan. She has been compared to women's rights advocate Kartini and guerrillas Cut Nyak Dhien and Cut Nyak Meutia.
In Hanung Bramantyo's 2010 film Sang Pencerah (The Englightener), Nyai Ahmad Dahlan was played by Zaskia Adya Mecca; Ahmad Dahlan was played by Lukman Sardi.
Saros cycle series 118 for solar eclipses occurs at the Moon's descending node, repeating every 18 years, 11 days, containing 72 events. All eclipses in this series occurs at the Moon's descending node.
Umbral eclipses (annular, total and hybrid) can be further classified as either: 1) Central (two limits), 2) Central (one limit) or 3) Non-Central (one limit). The statistical distribution of these classes in Saros series 118 appears in the following table.
This geographical article about a location in Denizli Province, Turkey is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
"Happiness" is a song by Australian singer-songwriter, music producer, and former child actor Sam Sparro. The song was released on 17 February 2012 as the lead single from his second studio album Return to Paradise (2012). The single was certified platinum by the Belgian Entertainment Association.
The song hit number one in the Belgian charts. The Magician Remix (by Belgian DJ Stephen Fasano) is the version that is most popular in Belgium (and the one that made the hit list).
A music video to accompany the release of "Happiness" was first released onto YouTube on 8 March 2012 at a total length of three minutes and seven seconds.
On 2 March 2012 Sam performed the song live Australian breakfast television program Sunrise. He also performed the song on Australian television variety program Young Talent Time.
English National Opera (ENO) is an opera company based in London, resident at the London Coliseum in St Martin's Lane. It is one of the two principal opera companies in London, along with the Royal Opera, Covent Garden. ENO's productions are sung in English. The company, formerly known as Sadler's Wells Opera, has long had a policy of commissioning new works, and has staged many world and British premieres.
Rogaia Mustafa Abusharaf is a Sudanese ethnographer and is Professor of Anthropology at Georgetown University in Qatar.
Abusharaf was born on 2 October 1961 in Sudan. Her parents Mustafa and Fatima were both teachers. In 1987 she married the academic Mohamed Hussein, they have two children. She was educated at Cairo University, where she was awarded a BA from the School of Social and Political Sciences. She studied at the University of Connecticut for both her MA and her PhD.
Abusharaf's research focuses on the anthropology of gender, human rights and diaspora issues in Sudan, culture and politics. Migration whether inside Sudan, or externally in a major theme in her research and she has worked on Sudanese migration to North America. Her interest in Sudanese politics has led to a study of Abdel Khaliq Mahgoub, his role in the Sudanese Communist Party and his interpretation of Marxism.
Violence in the lives of women in Sudan is another area of Abusharaf's research, particularly within politics. This study has extended to research on how violence in Darfur is discussed within Sudan, Qatar and the United States. She has also written about the intersection of gender justice and religion in Sudan. She has worked on interpretations of feminism within the life of the radical Mona Abul-Fadl.
Abusharaf also researches relationships between Africa and the Gulf region. She has published the first research into migration to pre-oil Qatar, looking to the country's history pre-1930s.
She has previously been a Visiting Scholar in Human Rights at Harvard Law School. She is co-editor of HAWWA: Journal of Women of the Middle East and Islamic World.
"Beauty of the Ride" is a song by Sebadoh from their 1996 album Harmacy.  It was released as a CD Single, a 7" vinyl record, and a 10" vinyl record.
Svensson is known for opposing Europe-wide restrictions on freedom of speech and to prevent perceived gender stereotyping.
This article about a Member of the European Parliament from Sweden is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Nirmala College of Engineering is a private engineering college situated in Kunnappilly, Thrissur district of Kerala, India. The college is affiliated to APJ Abdul Kalam Technological University and University of Calicut. It is situated near the banks of Chalakudy River in the valleys of Athirappilly-Vazhachal range.
Paulo Roberto was born in Rio de Janeiro, and played as a left back. A Botafogo youth graduate, he spent the vast majority of his career with lower league clubs.
Paulo Roberto began his managerial career in 1988, with Pouso Alegre FC. He only came into prominence in the early 2000s, after being in charge of Rio Claro while the club achieved successive promotions in the lower levels of the Campeonato Paulista.
 William Campbell-Taylor is an Anglican minister who became the first candidate standing for any political party to be elected to the Common Council of the City of London Corporation. He won the by-election in Portsoken  for the Labour Party in March 2014 and remained a Common Councilman until the elections of March 2017, after which there were five Labour Common Councilmen.
He has stated that he has been a victim of stalking and that a number of small blog articles making accusations against him were a smear campaign from his stalker intended to discredit him in his election and damage his name.
This biography of a United Kingdom religious figure is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Historically Khangura Jatts held in Nanu Mazara also known as Nano Mazara Sardar Hukam Singh Khangura Son of Sardar Natha Singh Khangura is the first sarpanch of village Nanu Mazara, Ladha Ganja, and parts of Samrari and Mahl in Tehsil Phillaur. There is also a village Toderwal near Nabha distt Patiala which is the Village of all Khanguras.
The Jathera of the Khangura Jatt Clan is a village Samrari in Jalandhar District Punjab and village Malakpur in Ludhiana District. Jathera is the place of the grave mound of the common ancestor and still worshipped even today by Jats. These sites are also called Wadae Wadhere.
There also is a village called Akoi Sahib, near Sangrur in Punjab, which almost entirely comprises Jatts of the Khangura clan. One of the great builders of North India, especially of Colonial India's capital New Delhi, was Sardar Rai Bahadur Narain Singh, who belonged to the village Akoi Sahib and was from the Khangura clan. 
They have traditionally, like many Jatts, been farmers. Recently many Khanguras have emigrated to Canada, the United Kingdom, the United States, and there are a few in New Zealand, Italy and Australia.
They are mostly found in the Jalandhar, Ludhiana and Kapurthala districts of Punjab, and have around 15-25 villages. They are also found In Patiala, Moga, Sangrur Districts in the Malwa Region of Punjab. In western Punjab Pakistan) they are found in Sialkot, Narowal, sheikhupura and Gujranwala District.
Most recently two brothers who appeared on a channel 4 documentary "Hunted" produced by Shine TV (UK); Harinder Singh & Davinder Singh
A hydrological code or hydrologic unit code is a sequence of numbers or letters that identify a hydrological feature like a river, river reach, lake, or area like a drainage basin (also called watershed in North America) or catchment.
One system, developed by Strahler, known as the Strahler stream order, ranks streams based on a hierarchy of tributaries. Each segment of a stream or river within a river network is treated as a node in a tree, with the next segment downstream as its parent. When two first-order streams come together, they form a second-order stream. When two second-order streams come together, they form a third-order stream, and so on.
Another example is the system of assigning IDs to watersheds devised by Otto Pfafstetter, known as the Pfafstetter Coding System or the Pfafstetter System. Drainage areas are delineated in a hierarchical fashion, with "level 1" watersheds at continental scales, subdivided into smaller level 2 watersheds, which are divided into level 3 watersheds, and so on. Each watershed is assigned a unique number, called a Pfafsetter Code, based on its location within the overall drainage system.
"Remnant areas" occur along coasts where individual streams are too small for the given subdivision type. Such remnants were combined into a single unit if they were adjacent and could be combined. These "composite" units are called "frontal units". They are non-classic because they have more than one outlet.
The cross-country team relay is an event at the annual UCI Mountain Bike & Trials World Championships. It has been held since the 1999 championships.
The keel of Nomadic was laid down in the Harland and Wolff shipyards, Belfast in 1910 (yard number 422). She was built on slipway No. 1 alongside RMS Olympic and RMS Titanic, which were constructed on slipways 2 and 3, of the Arrol Gantry, respectively. She was launched on 25 April 1911 and delivered to the White Star Line on 27 May, following sea trials.
Nomadic is of steel construction, with steel frames, beams, bulkheads and riveted hull plating. She had four working decks with various hold spaces beneath. She could carry up to 1,000 passengers when fully loaded.
Passenger accommodation consisted of lower- and upper-deck passenger lounges and open deck areas on the bridge and flying bridge decks. The vessel was divided into first- and second-class passenger areas, with first-class passengers enjoying the fore areas of the ship. A small area in the aft end of the lower deck was assigned for overspill of third-class passengers from SS Traffic.
Internally, Nomadic was fitted out to a similar standard as the liners Olympic and Titanic, which she was built to serve. As such, she had more luxuries than most tenders of her day, with cushioned benches, tables, porcelain water fountains, sex-specific bathrooms and a buffet bar. She contained ornate decorative joinery and plasterwork, particularly in the first-class lounges of the ship.
Nomadic was built in the United Kingdom, but as she was operated in French coastal waters by a French crew, she had a number of peculiarities, such as imperial and metric draught marks on opposing sides of the hull.
During World War I and until 1919, Nomadic was requisitioned by the French government, and she saw service as an auxiliary minesweeper, also ferrying American troops to and from the harbour in Brest (France). After the war, she returned to her tendering duties, but in 1927 she was sold and continued to tender under the ownership of the Compagnie Cherbourgeoise de Transbordement.
During World War II, Ingenieur Minard again saw service; on 18 June 1940 she took part in the evacuation of Cherbourg. She was subsequently requisitioned by the Royal Navy and based in Portsmouth harbour, she operated as an accommodation ship.
During the war, Cherbourg port was heavily damaged, so large ocean liners could no longer dock there. Ingenieur Minard was saved from the shipbreakers and again returned to tendering duties for the SCSR from Cherbourg. She served the ocean liners of the day, such as Queen Mary and Queen Elizabeth. She finally retired from these duties on 4 November 1968.
SS Nomadic left Le Havre to return to Belfast on 12 July 2006, and arrived close to where she was built, on 18 July 2006. The vessel was welcomed back by the Department for Social Development Minister, David Hanson MP and the Deputy Lord Mayor of the City of Belfast, Councillor Ruth Patterson and a number of well-wishers. Nomadic arrived "piggy backed" on a marine transportation barge, which had been contracted by the department.
The NCT transferred ownership of Nomadic to the Titanic Foundation in April 2015. The ship is now run by Titanic Belfast Nomadic Limited and incorporated into the Titanic Belfast visitor attraction.
The Nomadic Preservation Society (NPS) was also founded in 2006. Its stated aims include collaboration with the NCT and all other parties involved in preserving Nomadic, including raising and donating funds, conducting historical research and publicising Nomadic as a tourist attraction.
On appointment, the NCS began essential maintenance works, fund raising and preparation for the planned restoration.
In August 2008, Nomadic was considered by National Historic Ships and was entered into the National Register of Historic Vessels as part of the National Historic Fleet. This recognises Nomadic's historic significance as the register includes a list of vessels, including Cutty Sark, Mary Rose and the Royal Yacht Britannia.
In August 2009 Nomadic was moved to Hamilton Graving Dock, on Queen's Road, Belfast. This dry dock, itself a piece of maritime heritage, was partly refurbished in a joint partnership between the Belfast Harbour Commission and Titanic Quarter Ltd. The dock is believed to be where Nomadic was originally fitted out and has now been leased as a permanent location for Nomadic.
By late 2009 the NCS had sufficient funding to begin major conservation and restoration works. In February 2010, major works commenced with external blasting and priming of the steel hull, preventing further deterioration of the steelwork.
Nomadic's lifeboats were removed around October 1974 after Vincent moved the ship to Paris. They lay onto the quayside opposite Nomadic for 13 years, being vandalised and having pieces stolen.
Then, historian Philippe Delaunoy rediscovered the remaining lifeboat. In 2007 it was purchased from the museum. To transport the lifeboat back to Belfast by lorry a special cradle was built to support the boat, and it was taken to Petticrew Marine. Over the next five years the boat hung from a cradle there and slowly returned to its original shape. At the same time funds were being raised to restore the boat, and a grant was awarded from the Heritage Lottery Fund.
With the lifeboat nearing completion there was some dispute as to how it would be put on public display. Originally the Ulster Folk and Transport Museum had agreed to take it as an exhibit, but they withdrew as there was not space for it. Attempts were made to return the lifeboat to Nomadic, to be displayed alongside her in a weatherproof box, but this was unsuccessful.
The lifeboat is displayed on the Queen Mary, in Long Beach, California. The lifeboat is near the entrance to the engine room. She arrived in June 2017 and is still there as of 2021, thanks to White Star Memories, who have loaned it to them.
Fear No ART Presents The Dinner Party is a live arts talk show that features host Elysabeth Alfano sitting down with three individuals from differing creative fields for a conversation over a dinner prepared by a guest chef. It premiered in January 2012. The show is also streamed live online and distributed through TiVo.
The audience is encouraged to participate in these conversations during the show. Both the live audience and those watching the internet broadcast of show are allowed to use Twitter to ask questions of the guests. Audience members who have their questions "picked" win prizes.
Each show begins with an opening act. The main show runs for 90 minutes, with host Elysabeth Alfano facilitating conversation between her three guests. Alfano picks guests from a variety of fields to talk about the creative experience. Each guest performs live or has their work featured in some way throughout the course of the show. Additionally, demo videos highlight the food that the chef prepares for the guests and the audience.
On September 20, 2012, the show was held at Navy Pier as part of the inaugural EXPO Chicago Art Exhibition.
Injury Time is a novel by English author Beryl Bainbridge and first published in 1977 by Duckworth. It won the 1977 Whitbread Book of the Year Award.
See guidelines for writing about novels. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.
Yerbury was  ordained in 1935.  After a curacy in Kingstown he was Priest in charge at Carriacou. Later he held incumbencies in Antigua before his appointment as Archdeacon.
This biographical article related to association football in Iceland is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
State insects are designated by 48 individual states of the fifty United States. Some states have more than one designated insect, or have multiple categories (e.g., state insect and state butterfly, etc.). Iowa and Michigan are the two states without a designated state insect.
More than half of the insects chosen are not native to North America, because of the inclusion of three European species (European honey bee, European mantis, and 7-spotted ladybird), each having been chosen by multiple states.
From at least the 17th century, Dunton Green was a centre for making bricks and tiles. In 1862, the Dunton Green Brick, Tile and Pottery Works was established: a large concern with clayholes or pits, kilns and an engine house. While clay was being dug for, many fossils were discovered.
Dunton Green railway station provides train services every 30 mins to London Bridge, Waterloo East and London Charing Cross taking around 40-50 mins.
Otford Station is about a 5 minute drive away and has fast trains running every 30 mins to London Victoria and stopping services running every 30 mins to London Blackfriars.
Sevenoaks Information provides a comprehensive What's on events diary for Dunton Green and the surrounding area.
The nearest local Library is in Riverhead and is run by Kent County Council; it has specific week day hours of opening.  You can order library items online for collection and there are telecottage facilities available.
Digital television has been available for aerials pointing east in Dunton Green since 2006 from the Blue Bell Hill Transmitter for Kent & Sussex TV transmissions, which is also now broadcasting in HD.
Pappobolus nigrescens is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae. It is found only in Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
He made his senior debut for Romania in October 2019, after previously being capped at under-17, under-19 and under-21 levels.
Suspension & Displacement is the fourth studio album by Djam Karet, released in 1991 by HC Productions.
Mesosindris is a monotypic snout moth genus described by Pierre Viette in 1960. Its only species, Mesosindris paulianalis, described by the same author in the same year, is known from Madagascar.
John Henry Days is a 2001 novel by American author Colson Whitehead. This is his second full-length work.
Building the railways that made America, John Henry died with a hammer in his hand moments after competing against a steam drill in a battle of endurance. The story of his death made him a legend. Over a century later, freelance journalist J. Sutter is sent to West Virginia to cover the launch of a new postage stamp at the first John Henry Days festival.
Maya Jaggi, writing for The Guardian, praised John Henry Days, writing that it is "propelled by the quality of the writing and observation which, together with his serious intent, elevate it above frothier social satire." Writing in The New York Times, novelist Jonathan Franzen likened the novel to Ulysses and Moby-Dick in its "encyclopedic aspirations", but added: "John Henry Days is funny and wise and sumptuously written, but it's only rarely a page turner."
See guidelines for writing about novels. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.
The tenth season of NYPD Blue premiered on ABC on September 24, 2002, and concluded on May 20, 2003.
Andy reaches out to Diane Russell, working now in SVU, to try to get Frank's sister Adrian to open up about her relationship with her father, pointing out that if Michelle is adopted, the same thing will likely happen to her.  When a mild young woman is found dead, her friends and family are unconcerned though her brother-in-law was using her apartment for affairs and her boyfriend is deep in debt to loan sharks.  John and Dr. Jennifer Devlin kindle a torrid relationship.
Mena Cleary was the daughter of Martin Cleary and Maria Coghlan Cleary. She attended a convent school in Ottawa, Canada, then moved to Boston, where she studied music. She also studied voice in Paris with Giovanni Sbriglia.
Mena Cleary was a soprano, her voice "by no means powerful but...very sweet," and "managed with rare skill". Cleary was a member of The Bostonians, a performing troupe. She appeared as "Mirabel" in the original cast of the comic opera Prince Ananias by Victor Herbert, when it debuted in 1894. She also appeared in Girofle-Girofla in 1884 Fra Diavolo and The Poachers in 1888, and in Robin Hood, Fatinitza and The Maid of Plymouth in 1894, with the Bostonians.
Mena Cleary married "millionaire physician, yachtsman, and globe trotter" John Miller Masury in 1897; they divorced in 1909. Mena Cleary Masury died in 1929, aged 62 years, in Brookline, Massachusetts.
Her sister Louise Cleary married a popular singer, Eugene Cowles, whom she met through Mena Cleary's work (Cowles was also in the original cast of Prince Ananias). Their sister Eleanor Cleary married Gerrit Fort. Another sister, Phillinda A. Cleary, married Harley Ellsworth Cummings.
The strain AcRS1, which was isolated for the enrichment culture used to describe the species in 1986, was taken from Rio di San Giacomo in Venice, Italy.
D. hydrogenophilus is most commonly found in anoxic brackish or marine sediments, but has also been found in anoxic freshwater sediments and in activated sludge.
The area was designated as the Lower Souris National Wildlife Refuge in 1935.  It was renamed to be the J. Clark Salyer National Wildlife Refuge in 1967 in honor of J. Clark Salyer II, who was chief during 1934 to 1961 of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service's Division of Wildlife Refuges.
The San Francisco Open was a golf tournament played in the San Francisco area. It was played at a number of different courses in the December to February period. From 1930 to 1941 it was a match-play event before becoming a 72-hole stroke play event from 1942 to 1946.
A non-PGA Tour event was played in May 1954 at Lake Merced Golf Club and was won by Shelley Mayfield. It was played over 54 holes and had prize money of $10,000.
This article about a property in Fulton County, Illinois on the National Register of Historic Places is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Syringaldehyde is an organic compound that occurs in trace amounts widely in nature. Some species of insects use syringaldehyde in their chemical communication systems. Scolytus multistriatus uses it as a signal to find a host tree during oviposition.
Because it contains many functional groups, it can be classified in many ways -  aromatic, aldehyde, phenol. It is a colorless solid (impure samples appear yellowish) that is soluble in alcohol and polar organic solvents. Its refractive index is 1.53.[citation needed]
Syringaldehyde is also formed in oak barrels and extracted into whisky, which it gives spicy, smoky, hot and smoldering wood aromas.
In the late 18th-century, the hospital became an important institution for clinical instruction; Louis Desbois de Rochefort (1750-1786) started a bedside instruction that focused on the patient's symptoms and physical signs as diagnostic indicators, marking a major development in the history of medicine in France. Rochefort was succeeded by his assistant Corvisart in 1788, who questioned the traditional humoral theory, and employed more physical methods such as palpitation and percussion.
James Apollo (born December 25, 1982) is an American singer, bandleader and producer. He was born in Northwest Arkansas and spent formative years in Minneapolis, San Francisco, New York City and Tennessee. He currently lives and works out of Los Angeles.
After touring the USA for several years, Apollo was picked up by Marterry Records, which released the debut, "Til Your Feet Bleed."
First touring Europe with then Brooklyn band Grizzly Bear, James Apollo was invited by Tom Robinson to perform live on the BBC. This led to numerous radio appearances, and a live television session on Channel M in Manchester, gaining the singer a wide audience throughout the UK. He has since continued performing in both the United States and the UK.
Apollo also contributed the track "One After 909" to Mojo's recreation of The Beatles record Let It Be album, given away free with the September 2010 edition of the magazine.
Apollo then recorded the vinyl only, "Angels we have Grown apart" which features a number of prominent New York musicians such as members of Antibalas Clifton Hyde, Stefan Zeniuk, and Jesse Selengut.
James Apollo began working with acclaimed indie artist Damien Jurado who produced the record "Little War, Little Less" which was recorded at the famous Bear Creek Studio in Washington's Cascade Mountains. The album's single "Blessed or Bust" reached No. 17 on the UK singles chart.
Always an eccentric supporter of music in film, James Apollo was tapped to contribute sounds to 2013's award winning film The Notebook, which showcased some of the artist's epicly dark soundscapes.
In 2019 James Apollo released "Beat the Mark Inside", a record Clash described as "Strident and passionate, with a full throat and a belly full of fury." It was after this release that James Apollo was invited to tour with LA based Lord Huron, a move which brought Apollo's material to an entirely new audience.
The Birmingham Independent School of Performing Arts (BISPA) was a private foundation school In Birmingham, England. The School was based at the Old Fire Station in Birmingham which was established in 1912. In 2004 the building was converted into BISPA.
This West Midlands school or sixth form college related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Farewell, unwashed Russia, Land of slaves, land of masters, And you, blue uniforms, And you, people, devoted to them.  Perhaps beyond the wall of the Caucasus, I will hide from your pashas, From their all-seeing eye, From their all-hearing ears.
The poem was written in April 1841, when Lermontov was exiled to the Caucasus from St. Petersburg. However, it was first mentioned only on March 9, 1873 in a letter from Pyotr Bartenev to Pyotr Efremov and first published in 1887 in the journal Russkaya Starina by Pavel Viskatov.
In the 20th century, the poem received a rise in popularity. A number of literary critics have expressed doubts about the authorship of the poem.  In 2017, an international round table dedicated to the issue of authorship was assembled, which included more than twenty leading Lermontovedians. As a result of the round table, a resolution was adopted that confirmed the authorship.
In 1890, Vladimir Korolenko, speaking about the poem, wrote: "Bright and strong. Lermontov knew how to feel like a free man, he knew how to portray these feelings. In our time, this is already an anachronism, this does not happen anymore! ... Now, even behind the wall of the Caucasus, you can't hide from the all-seeing eyes!" Larissa Volpert said that the poem is "the pinnacle of Lermontov's political lyrics".
 The East Moreton colonial by-election, 1870 was a by-election held on 19 February 1870 in the electoral district of East Moreton for the Queensland Legislative Assembly.
Cribb's six-month prediction did not come true. However, Atkin did not complete his term, as he resigned on 7 March 1872 due to serious ill health (pulmonary tuberculosis) and died soon after.
The release of the single was announced at an AKB48's handshake meeting held at Pacifico Yokohama on 4 February 2017. The list of the 32 members who will participate on the title track was also announced at the same meeting. Haruna Kojima was announced as the center performer for the title track, her first time in two years, and third time overall .
Four days before official release of "Shoot Sign", AKB48 performed for the first time their 48th and upcoming single "Negaigoto no Mochigusare" during NCON (a school choir contest promoted by NHK).
The complete version of the music video premiered on Japanese Space Shower TV on March 3, 2017. Lasting 7 minutes and 6 seconds, is directed by Yoshito Mori and is linked directly by the series[clarify]. The main set for this music video is a WIP (World Idol Pro-Wrestling) ring.[a]
Sang by AKB48's U-19 Senbatsu, with the members being under the age of 19 at the time of this single's release.
The Brazilian skate (Rajella sadowskii) is a species of fish in the family Rajidae. It is found in Brazil and Chile. Its natural habitat is open seas. It is not well known but is thought to be threatened by bycatch of Patagonian toothfish.
Beddomixalus is a monotypic genus of frogs in the family Rhacophoridae. The only described species, Beddomixalus bijui, is endemic to the Western Ghats, India. Its name is derived from a combination of the cognomen of Richard Henry Beddome, in honour of his work on the amphibian diversity of the Western Ghats, as well as Ixalus, which is often used as a suffix for names of rhacophorid genera.
It has a reddish- to orange-brown dorsum with similar dark and light bands and vermiculations as in the male, while its ventral surface is white.
Tadpoles are small, exotrophic and nektonic. They are oval, depressed and dark pigmented from the snout to the tip of the tail, including their fins. The ventral side is pale pink and less pigmented. Eyes are reddish and of moderate size. The musculus interhyoideus and intestine are visible through the ventrum. Its naris is equidistant from its snout and eye. Its tail fin is moderate and rounded at the end. The lower jaw sheath is V-shaped.
Tadpoles of this species were observed with completely developed hindlimbs at stage 40, with a pale dorsolateral band appearing at stage 42. Its eyes are bright red and its body pigmentation is a greenish-yellow by stage 44, whilst metamorphs begin emerging on land. During stage 46, froglets are found on swamp vegetation.
Amplexus is pectoral. Eggs are non-pigmented and semiterrestrial, with an average diameter of 3.2mm. They are scattered on moist soil or a grassy substrate. Total clutch size was observed as 175 eggs.
Hope 7 is the self-titled debut album from the pop rock band Hope 7. The album was released on March 15, 2005, and is the band's only album release to date. The tracks on this album were mainly written by Antonina Armato and Tim James (with the exception of tracks 3, which was written by Aaron Dudley and track 7 (which was written by Kristi McClave (the band's lead vocalist) and Dave Noble (Hope 7's guitarist). McClave also collaborated on the writing of track 8.
He was born on July 17, 1967 in Sofia. He played professionally for the senior teams of Levski, Slavia and Svoge between 1986 and 1991. In 1994, Papazov was elected as president of the Slavia basketball club. The team won the Bulgarian Championship and the Bulgarian Cup in 1997. He has been the coach of the men's team "Levski" and "Academic" and the male and female national teams of Bulgaria. Papazov is married and has two sons.
James David Maslow (born July 16, 1990) is an American actor and singer. He played the role of James Diamond on Nickelodeon's Big Time Rush, had roles in Getaway and The Frozen Ground, and is a member of the boyband Big Time Rush. 
In 2014, Maslow competed as a contestant on the eighteenth season of Dancing with the Stars, in which he reached fourth place. In 2018, Maslow was cast as one of the celebrity houseguests on the first American edition of Celebrity Big Brother where Maslow finished in 6th place.
Maslow was born in New York City, New York and raised in La Jolla, California. Born to a Jewish father and Catholic mother, Maslow was raised Jewish.
Maslow and Big Time Rush have a third album called 24/Seven which was released on June 11, 2013. The band promoted the album with the tour shared with Victoria Justice called the Summer Break Tour. which began on June 21 and ended on August 15. On late Winter 2014, Maslow and the band went to their latest tour called "Big Time Rush Live 2014 World Tour", where they performed in Texas and 7 countries in Latin America.
Most recently, on April 26, 2019, Maslow released "Love U Sober", and announced that he is about to start releasing more singles.
In May 2019, it was announced that Maslow would be starring in independent film We Need to Talk, co-starring Emily Bett Rickards, and written and directed by Todd Wolfe.
Coladenia maeniata is a species of spread-winged skipper butterflies. It is found in China (north-western Yunnan and western Sichuan).
16 May 1993: Play-off semi final 1st leg against Portsmouth played at City Ground due to reconstruction work at Filbert Street
  Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Moss was a three-piece English doom metal band that formed in 2001. Influenced by H. P. Lovecraft and the occult, songs usually average the 20 minute mark and incorporate dense and otherworldly atmospheres. Despite the use of extreme bass frequencies, Moss features no bass guitarist.
Formed in Southampton, England, at the end of 2000, the band consists of Olly Pearson (vocals), Dominic Finbow (guitar) and Chris Chantler (drums). Moss self-released several demo recordings during its early years, the first being in 2001, and also appeared on a number of split records and compilation albums with bands such as Wolfmangler, Nadja, Unearthly Trance, Grief and Torture Wheel.
On 25 December 2005 the band released its debut album Cthonic Rites on CD via Aurora Borealis Records. Cthonic Rites was produced/recorded in early 2005 at Chuckalumba Studio by Jus Oborn of veteran UK doom metal band Electric Wizard. The first press was available with a live CD-R limited to 115 copies, recorded on 20 August 2005 at the Camden Underworld on the 115th birthday of H. P. Lovecraft.
The album title of Sub Templum was announced via the band's Myspace, with a release on Rise Above Records to follow on 26 May 2008. The album was eventually released worldwide in June on CD and LP via Rise Above in Europe and Candlelight in the US. Sub Templum was recorded at Foel Studio, Wales and was again produced by Jus Oborn.
During December 2009 'Eternal Return' was released as a 12" single in special packaging, available in three different versions. This was a co-release between Superfi Records and Fuck Yoga.
In 2012 Moss began recordings for the album Horrible Night, which was released in March 2013 on Rise Above, followed by their first headlining European tour, including appearances at the Roadburn Festival and a headlinging appearance at the 2nd annual Heavy Days in Doom Town. This was Moss' final album for Rise Above Records, choosing to not re-sign following the release of Horrible Night.
On 31 October 2014 a 10" EP was released, Carmilla (Marcilla)/Spectral Visions self-released via the band's own Stone Tapes imprint.
Hall was born in Chadderton, Lancashire, where his parents ran a working men's club. He was educated at St Patrick's School in Oldham and at De La Salle College in Pendleton, Salford. Hall initially worked as a ventriloquist with a boy dummy, named Mickey Finn, and won a talent show aged 15.
Hall and Lenny continued to work in variety through the 1970s, appearing on television in programmes such as Crackerjack and 3-2-1. From 1977 to 1980, Hall regularly appeared in the educational television programme Reading With Lenny. He wrote the Kevin the Kitten series of children's reading books which accompanied the series.
Nicolas Turquois (born 27 July 1972) is a French politician of the Democratic Movement (MoDem) who has been serving as a member of the French National Assembly since the 2017 elections, representing the department of Vienne.
A former farmer and deputy mayor of Ouzilly-Vignolles, Turquois resigned from his post in 2006 after a disagreement with the local president of the Loudun intermunicipal network, after which he joined the Union for French Democracy, which later became MoDem.
In March 2019, Turquois became a member of the French Commission on the Energy transition. Since 2020, he has been serving as his parliamentary group's co-rapporteur on the government's pension reform plans.
This article about a Democratic Movement (France) politicians is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Greb served on Kitchener city council from 1917 to 1921, 1924 to 1927, and 1929 to 1931. He died in 1934 and was buried at Woodland Cemetery in Kitchener.
"Greb Industries Limited fonds". University of Waterloo Library. Special Collections & Archives. 14 April 2014. Retrieved 14 December 2016.
The architectural style is that prevalent in Moldavia under Stephen. Representative elements include the large vestibule and the colorfully decorated facades. It is the earliest in a series of distinct town churches built by Stephen.
This article about a property in Pike County, Missouri on the National Register of Historic Places is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
In 2009, the site of Zwentendorf power station became Austria's largest solar power station with an investment of 1.2 million Euro, with the addition of 1,000 photovoltaic panels. Zwentendorf was intended to be Austria's first nuclear power plant, but after a vote in 1978 prohibiting nuclear power in Austria, was never completed. In September, 2011, Austria's largest solar power station, 2 MW, was under construction in the Niedere Tauern mountain range.
Austria has also a large capacity of solar heating at its disposal. With more than 3,500 MWthermal the country ranks second in the EU, only behind much larger Germany.
This article related to members of the fly family Asilidae is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The legal implications of marketing claims call for caution or overstated claims can lead to regulatory or civil challenges.  In the United States, the Federal Trade Commission provides some guidance on environmental marketing claims. The commission is expected to do an overall review of this guidance, and the legal standards it contains, in 2011.
Despite these challenges, green marketing has continued to gain adherents, particularly in light of growing global concern about climate change. This concern has led more companies to advertise their commitment to reduce their climate impacts, and the effect this is having on their products and services.
In 1989, 67 percent of Americans stated that they were willing to pay 5-10 percent more for ecologically compatible products. By 1991, environmentally conscious individuals were willing to pay between 15-20 percent more for green products. Today, more than one-third of Americans say they would pay a little extra for green products
An important challenge facing marketers is to identify which consumers are willing to pay more for environmentally friendly products. It is apparent that an enhanced knowledge of the profile of this segment of consumers would be extremely useful.
During the late 1980s, new instruments such as life-cycle assessment (LCA) were invented which allowed ecological considerations to be introduced into marketing decisions.
The consumer electronics sector provides room for using green marketing to attract new customers. One example of this is HP's promise to cut its global energy use 20 percent by the year 2010. To accomplish this reduction below 2005 levels, The Hewlett-Packard Company announced plans to deliver energy-efficient products and services  and institute energy-efficient operating practices in its facilities worldwide.
Now companies are offering more eco-friendly alternatives for their customers. Recycled products for example, are one of the most popular alternatives that can benefit the environment. These benefits include sustainable forestry, clean air, energy efficiency, water conservation, and a healthy office. One example, is the E-commerce business and office supply company Shoplet which offers a web tool that allows you to replace similar items in your shopping cart with greener products.
The Sin City Deciples Motorcycle Club, also known as Sin City Nation, is a mixed race one-percenter outlaw motorcycle club. As one of the most well-known and oldest black outlaw motorcycle clubs in the United States, they have multiple chapters across the nation and have an additional presence in Canada, Europe, Asia, Australia, and South America. Additionally, the organization has many support clubs in across the U.S. in select states.
The Sin City Deciples Motorcycle Club was founded in Gary, Indiana in 1966. Only later did the club establish a chapter in Las Vegas, commonly known as "Sin City". Members of the group have described the organization as a "one percenter" club.
Though mostly composed of Mixed race members, the club affirms that it is, in fact, open to men of all races and ethnicities.
The Sin City Deciples have chapters in the following American states: Alabama, Ohio, Colorado, Michigan, Illinois, Indiana, Virginia, Tennessee, Nevada, Georgia, Kentucky, Wisconsin, Arizona, Pennsylvania, Missouri, South Carolina, Florida, Washington, California and Utah.
The club is reportedly allied with the Chosen Few Motorcycle Club and the Crips street gang. Some of the group's support clubs include the Saddle Bastards Motorcycle Club, Chauns Motorcycle Club, and the Sin City Titans. The Sin City Deciples are rivals with the Wheels of Soul Motorcycle Club.[circular reference]
The revenue of the Sin City Deciples reportedly comes from the sale of illicit drugs and they are regarded as a criminal organization by law enforcement.
On June 7th of 2011, an unidentified biker is spotted throwing a flammable item through the window of the group's Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania clubhouse before departing from the scene in a Harley Davidson motorcycle.
A road rage conflict occurs between a car driver and an intoxicated Sin City Deciples member James L. Norman in August 18th of 2014 on Highway 41 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. After believing that the car had cut him off, Norman sped up to the vehicle's side and fired a gunshot through the front window. He was arrested shortly after the incident and charged with attempted homicide, possession of a firearm by a felon and drunken driving. The victim only sustained minor injuries.
The Sin City Deciples are the subject of a 2019 documentary on Amazon Prime Video entitled Sin City Deciples. They are also featured on another Amazon Prime Video documentary by the name of Ride Free or Die, also released in 2019. The Los Angeles chapter of Sin City Deciples was featured in the 2006 film Crank.
World Endurance Championship of Drivers was contested over all fifteen races however only six of the races counted towards the World Endurance Championship of Makes.
Although various classes of cars contested the championship races, only the overall race winners are listed in the table below.
The World Endurance Championship of Drivers was open to FIA Group 1, Group 2, Group 3, Group 4, Group 5, Group 6, Group C and GTP cars and to IMSA GTX, IMSA GTP, IMSA AAGT, IMSA GTO, IMSA GTU and IMSA RS cars.
Drivers Championship points were awarded on a 20-19-18-17-16-15-14-13-12-11-10-9-8-7-6-5-4-3-2-1 basis to the first twenty overall finishers at each round. Bonus points were also awarded as follows:
Only half points were awarded at the shortened Nurbugring round. All points scored were retained towards the championship totals.
The World Endurance Championship of Makes was open FIA Group 1, Group 2, Group 3, Group 4 and Group 5 cars and to IMSA GTX cars.
The overall World Endurance Championship of Makes title was won by Lancia. Although both Lancia and Porsche scored 100 points from their best five class results, Lancia was awarded the title based on its six divisional victories against the five scored by Porsche .
Together (Swedish: Tillsammans) is a Swedish comedy-drama film, which was released to cinemas in Sweden on 25 August 2000. It is Swedish director Lukas Moodysson's second full-length film.  Set in a Stockholm commune called "Tillsammans" (Swedish for "Together") in 1975, it is a satirical view of socialist values and a bittersweet comedy.
The character "Birger" had previously appeared in another film from the same director. Sten Ljunggren had also played him in the short film 'Talk' (Bara prata lite) in 1997.
The film received mostly positive reviews from critics. Rotten Tomatoes gives the film a score of 90% based on reviews from 79 critics, with an average rating of 7.2/10. The website's critical consensus reads "Managing to be both satirical and warm-hearted in its look at the inhabitants of a commune, Together successfully captures the spirit of a time." On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 84 out of 100, based on 29 critics, indicating "universal acclaim".
The New York Times called Together "A funny, graceful and immensely good-natured work", while Salon described it as "The kind of picture that makes you feel that there are many good reasons to actually like mankind."
The film grossed $6.4 million in Sweden from 880,000 admissions. It grossed $1.3 million in Norway, $1 million in the United States and Canada and almost $1 million in the United Kingdom, for a worldwide total of $14.6 million.
Located along a stage coach route between Silver King Valley and the East Fork of the Carson River, Centerville was a commercial hub during the 1850s and 1860s.  Described as a "small village" with stores, a tavern, and a hotel called the Centerville House, Centerville supplied local mines with lumber for flumes, bridges, tunnels, fencing, buildings and heating.  Richardson's sawmill was located at Centerville during the 1860s.
Tumelo Thandokuhle Mathebula (born 24 October 1992), professionally known as Tweezy, is a South African record producer and rapper from Johannesburg, South Africa.
Tumelo Mathebula moved to Johannesburg in the Gauteng Province after the passing of his parents at the age of 6. He was introduced to a music making software called FL Studio in grade 10 which he thought was a "music making game", he later discovered that it was in fact a music making software.
He joined a music group called "Ghetto Prophecy" that consisted of 8 members. The group produced a song called "Oh My"  which ranked number 16 on the top 40 songs of YFM and was played frequently on Metro FM as well as 5FM in 2011. The group unfortunately disbanded because of the lack of funding which is when Tweezy decided to venture into the music industry as a producer.
Following Hochstetter's departure from New Zealand, the Nelson Provincial Council asked Haast to build on the geological work already completed. In particular, he was to focus on identifying valuable minerals in the ranges between Nelson and the Grey River, to scout out travelling routes to Westland, and to complete a topographical map of the area.
Haast's topographical and geological survey of south west Nelson took eight months, from January to August 1860. His report to the Nelson Provincial Council was published in early 1861 and of note were his discoveries of coal near the present-day town of Westport. He also found that the coal seams discovered by Thomas Brunner in 1848 were of a higher quality than first thought. He found gold in several tributaries of the Upper Buller, and reported on his botanical and zoological findings.
In 1870, Haast was appointed the curator of Canterbury Museum. The specimens that he collected on his expeditions of earlier years were a key part of the early holdings of the museum. Following the establishment of the Canterbury University College, he lectured in geology from 1873, and was made professor in 1876.
His Geology of the Provinces of Canterbury and Westland, N.Z., was published in 1879. He was elected fellow of the Royal Society in 1867, and was given a hereditary knighthood by the Emperor of Austria in 1875. He was awarded the Royal Geographical Society's Patron's Gold Medal in 1884 for his explorations in New Zealand.
Haast travelled to England in 1886, as New Zealand's commissioner to the Colonial and Indian Exhibition in London. While there, he was made Knight Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George for his services. He had previously been made a Companion of the same order three years previously.
Haast died on 16 August 1887, following his return to Christchurch. He is buried in the grounds of Holy Trinity Church in Stanmore Road, Christchurch. He was survived by his second wife, Mary Dobson, daughter of the Canterbury Provincial Engineer Edward Dobson, and the couple's five children.
"Misery" is a song by American band Maroon 5. It was released on June 22, 2010 by A&M Octone Records, as the lead single from their third studio album Hands All Over (2010).
Levine added: "I did a lot of stuff, a lot of stuff is me! But most of it wasn't very dangerous. Although, by the end of the day, even not being hit by things is such a physical thing that I was really kind of beat up. I was like, 'Man, even thinking I got my ass kicked feels like getting my ass kicked.'"
Robbie Daw from Idolator called director Joseph Kahn a "visual maestro". MTV Buzzworthy also reviewed the video positively, saying: "Adam Levine and model Anne Vyalitsyna make a love-hate relationship look so sexy in Maroon 5's new video, "Misery".
The song was nominated in the Best Pop Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal category at the 53rd Grammy Awards.
"Misery" was featured on theatrical trailers of the film The Dilemma and the television shows Dancing with the Stars, Love Bites and Beat Shazam. It was covered by Glee actor Darren Criss and was included on the soundtrack album Glee: The Music Presents the Warblers. The song appears on the video game Rocksmith.
In 2018, "Misery" became an internet meme when the lyrics "I am in misery" were paired with a Missouri welcome sign, giving the impression that the lyrics were "I am in Missouri". Since then, the meme has grown in popularity, particularly on TikTok and Twitter.
* Sales figures based on certification alone.^ Shipments figures based on certification alone. Sales+streaming figures based on certification alone.
The men's double sculls event was part of the rowing programme at the 1924 Summer Olympics. The competition, the third appearance of the event, was held from 15 to 17 July 1924 on the river Seine.
Nuseibeh was from an aristocratic Arab family descended from the female chieftain Nusaybah bint Ka'ab, an early convert to Islam who defended Muhammed during the Battle of Uhud in 625. The Neuseibeh family were guardians of the Church of the Holy Sepulchre, whose keys had been entrusted to the Nuseibeh family by Saladin in 1192.[citation needed]
Nuseibeh died of cancer on 22 November 1986 at his home in Jerusalem at the age of 74. He was buried at the gates of the Noble Sanctuary within the confines of Haram as-Sharif Al-Aqsa Mosque. His funeral was attended by thousands of people.
This article related to members of the insect family Tachinidae is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
According to Oregon Geographic Names, the name "Beaver Creek" was first used for a school district in this area in the early 1850s. It was named for the creek that flows through the community and into the Willamette River. A post office operated under various names in the locality until 1922, when the name was changed to Beavercreek, the form still used today. Beavercreek's ZIP code is 97004.
The community is served by the Oregon City School District, Canby School District, Colton School District, and Molalla River School District. Beavercreek Elementary School is located in the Hamlet.
Just after 1900, the Miller family built a farm house on the corner of what is now Ridge Road and Lower Highland Road. The home was moved to keep it from being destroyed and is being restored by current Beavercreek residents Rick and Kassandra Young. The Miller House was the childhood home of Ava Helen Miller, who married Linus Pauling, the only person to be awarded two unshared Nobel Prizes (for chemistry in 1954 and for peace in 1962).
Adam Ballou (born May 29, 1992) is an American soccer player and cerebral palsy football player. Ballou has cerebral palsy as a result of an intrauterine stroke, he was diagnosed at six months old. He attended James Madison University, graduating in 2015. He started playing soccer when he was three years old, played rec, advanced and travel. He also played on his high school varsity team, and was team captain his junior and senior years.
Ballou has been a consistent member of the United States Paralympic National Team since being invited to train with them in March 2007 as a 14-years-old. He has competed at the CP Football World Championships in 2009, 2011, and 2015. He has also represented the United States at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London. His best performance with the team was a second-place finish at the 2010 Americas Championship.
Ballou is a CP7 footballer and a regular fixture on the US National Paralympic Team,  where he plays in the midfield.
Ballou started playing CP football in 2007 after getting invited to train with the national team in March. At the time, he was a 14-years-old. He came to the attention of national selectors after the head coach of the Virginia Beach Mariners asked his coach if he knew of any players with cerebral palsy and his coach replied with Ballou's name and contact details. Because of the rules for CP football, he was not able to earn his first national team  cap until he was a 16-years-old.
Ballou spent much time preparing for the 2012 Summer Paralympics. When not with the national team, he trained at the Virginia Beach Sportsplex. Having taken a semester off to prepare for the Games, he spent much time in 2012 training with the national team in Chula Vista, California and was formally chosen by national team head coach Jay Hoffman to be on the London bound national team.
Again, Ballou was called to participate on the national team after being named to the 14 man squad for the 2015 Parapan American Games in Toronto. There, the United States played  Canada, Venezuela, Argentina and Brazil.  He played in the team's match against Canada. He spent parts of 2015 and 2016 training full-time in preparation for the Rio Games.
Later that year, Ballou was nominated for the 2015 U.S. Soccer's Young Disabled Player of the Year alongside teammate Kevin Hensley and US national amputee football team players Nicolai Calabria and Noah Grove. He lost out Hensley in getting the honor.
John C. Bonifaz (born 22, June 1966, in Wilmington, DE) is an Amherst-based attorney and political activist specializing in constitutional law and voting rights.  He is the president and co-founder of Free Speech for People. He is also the founder of the National Voting Rights Institute and a former candidate for Massachusetts Secretary of the Commonwealth.  In 1999, he received a MacArthur Fellowship, popularly known as the "genius award."
Bonifaz wrote the 2004 book Warrior-King: The Case for Impeaching George W. Bush, which chronicles that case and its meaning for the United States Constitution.  The book argues that the Iraq War was illegal.
Bonifaz is also the founder of the National Voting Rights Institute (NVRI), where he most recently served as general counsel.  In 2006, NVRI formed a partnership with Demos (US think tank), and as of January 1, 2007, Bonifaz signed on as Senior Legal Fellow with Demos.  Founded in 1994, NVRI serves as a prominent legal and public education center dedicated to protecting the right of all citizens to vote and to participate in the electoral process on an equal and meaningful basis.
For his work with NVRI, he is a 1999 recipient of a MacArthur Foundation Fellowship, also known as a "genius" award.  In awarding the five-year fellowship, the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation stated:
Bonifaz, a public interest lawyer, uses innovative litigation to reexamine campaign finance reform arguments typically debated on first amendment grounds. Through the National Voting Rights Institute, an organization he founded, Bonifaz recasts the legal arguments to focus on fourteenth amendment protections, challenging the relationship between money and politics.
In 2006, John Bonifaz ran for the Democratic nomination to be Secretary of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts in 2006 against incumbent William F. Galvin.  He declared his candidacy on December 1, 2005, before it was known whether Galvin would run for re-election or for governor.  Galvin won the primary election, which was held on September 19, 2006.
Bonifaz's campaign focused on election reform, promoting clean elections, same day registration, voting rights for minorities, and opposition to privately owned voting machines with proprietary software.
Following the Citizens United decision, Bonifaz co-founded Free Speech for People with Jeff Clements. "Free Speech For People is a national non-partisan campaign working to restore democracy to the people and to return corporations to their place as economic rather than political entities," to quote the organization's website. Bonifaz and Free Speech for People advocate for a new constitutional amendment to clarify that the Bill of Rights applies to people, not corporations.
Bonifaz has also litigated international human rights and environmental law cases, and, with his father Cristobal Bonifaz, has litigated against Chevron Corporation regarding pollution in the Lago Agrio oil field in the Ecuadorian Amazon. (Cristobal Bonifaz is a native of Ecuador.)
A graduate of Brown University in 1987 and Harvard Law School cum laude in 1992, Bonifaz is married to Lissa Pierce Bonifaz. Lissa holds a doctorate in bilingual education.
Erupa plumbealis is a moth in the family Crambidae. It was described by George Hampson in 1919. It is found in Colombia.
After being admitted to the Philippine Bar in 1914, he was appointed as a law clerk for the Philippine Commission. He quickly rose through the ranks and was promoted to the position of Chief Clerk of the Department of the Interior in 1917.
In 1921, Vargas succeeded Vicente Morente as Director-General of the Philippine Carnival Association which ran the Manila Carnival. He was succeeded by Arsenio Luz the following year.
In 1936, Vargas was appointed by President Manuel L. Quezon as his Executive Secretary, becoming the first in the country to serve in such a position.
When the Japanese invaded the country in 1941, Vargas was designated to the Department of National Defense as its secretary. A few weeks later, he was appointed by President Manuel Quezon as mayor of the City of Greater Manila in 1941. His responsibilities included administering the open city upon the arrival of occupational troops of the Imperial Japanese Army on January 2, 1942.
By 1942, Vargas became chairman of the Japanese-sponsored Philippine Executive Commission. During the collaborationist Second Philippine Republic, he was once asked by the Japanese to assume the Presidency, but he declined. He instead served as the regime's Ambassador to Japan. In that position, he was quoted shortly before Japanese troops were driven from Manila as stating that "we know Japan is destined for sure victory and prosperity for ages to come."
Vargas served as Chairman of the National Planning Commission from 1946 to 1954 and was a member of the Board of Regents of the University of the Philippines from 1961 to 1965. In 1960, the Republic of the Philippines conferred on him the Legion of Honor with the rank of Commander.
Vargas involvement with Scouting started in 1935 when he became a member of the executive board of the Philippine Council of the Boy Scouts of America. Together with other Philippine Scouting advocates he became one of the charter members of the Boy Scouts of the Philippines in 1936.
Upon the death of Manuel Camus in 1949, Vargas was unanimously chosen by the National Executive Board to serve as the BSP's President and Chief Scout of the Boy Scouts of the Philippines. He served the position of National President until 1961. He became a member of the World Scout Committee of the World Organization of the Scout Movement from 1951 to 1957.
Vargas was awarded the Bronze Wolf in 1959 and received other awards including the Silver Tamaraw (Philippines), Silver Fox (Canada), Silver Ibex (Austria), Silver Wolf (UK), and in 1959 also received the highest distinction of the Scout Association of Japan, the Golden Pheasant Award. He also became the first recipient of the Tanglaw ng Kabataan (Light of the Youth) Award of the BSP in 1961.
The airport is classified as an airport of entry by Nav Canada and is staffed by the Canada Border Services Agency. CBSA officers at this airport can handle general aviation aircraft only, with no more than 15 passengers.
Torrington railway station was closed for regular passenger services in 1965 under the Beeching Axe. But due to both the China Clay and the milk train traffic, freight trains and the occasional passenger special used the line until 1982.
Additional Diesel locomotive "TORRINGTON CAVALIER" now on site and being overhauled. Ruston Hornsby last one built in 1969.Ran on diesel/electric power for the first time this month April 2021.
The future plans of the railway are to build the 300 yard extension and expand its presence at Torrington railway station, with the removal of overgrown vegetation. This would mean they can operate short brake van rides. After this, the railway plans to extend the line towards Bideford railway station. Work has started on extension.
On October 18, 2011, Amtrak and CSX announced an agreement for Amtrak to lease, operate and maintain the CSX-owned trackage between Poughkeepsie and Schenectady. Amtrak officially assumed control of the line on December 1, 2012.
The busiest segment of the Empire Corridor is between New York City and Albany with multiple trains per day.
This article about a church or other Christian place of worship in North Carolina is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Image Institute of Technology & Management (IITM), Cuttack is an authorized Learning Center of Punjab Technical University (PTU) offering UGC Recognized IT & Management Degree programs. The institute is a trust registered Under Indian Trust Act 1882. The basic objective of the trust is "to develop managerial and intellectual skill among the youths the nation by creating institutional networks" and thus "further the overall socio- economic development of the  country."  
Phil Joanou (born November 20, 1961) is an American director of film, music videos, and television programs, known in part for his ongoing relationship to the band U2.
Joanou also collaborated with Tom Petty on two music videos. The first, "You Don't Know How it Feels" won the MTV award for best rock video and the second, "Walls (circus version)" was a part of the "She's the One" soundtrack.  He also directed videos for Whitney Huston and Mariah Carey ("When You Believe") as well as Bon Jovi ("Keep the Faith").
After the release of Rattle and Hum, Joanou went on to direct the Irish gangster drama, State of Grace. The film starred Sean Penn, Gary Oldman, Ed Harris, and Robin Wright.. It was released by Orion Pictures in September 1990, the same week as Martin Scorsese's Goodfellas. The film received positive reviews, but was eclipsed by the Scorsese film.
In 1990 Joanou directed the American version of Michael Apted's British Up documentary series. The original film, as well as this U.S. version followed a group of seven-year-old children to see how they would evolve over the course of their lives, re-visiting them every seven years. The first installment directed by Joanou, Age 7 in America, was hosted by Meryl Streep and introduced on network television by Oprah Winfrey. It went on to win a Peabody award for best documentary that same year.
In 1991 Joanou directed the psychological thriller, Final Analysis. The film starred Richard Gere and Kim Basinger. The film was shot by Joanou's frequent collaborator Jordan Cronenweth (his last feature film) and featured a reproduction of the interior of the Pigeon Point Lighthouse by the acclaimed production designer Dean Tavoularis. Released in 1992, the film was well received, but turned out to be only a moderate box-office success.
The second installment of the American Up series, 14 Up in America, was completed in 1998 when Joanou filmed the same children, now 14-years-old. Unfortunately, due to a conflict with a feature film Joanou was directing (Gridiron Gang), rather than wait until the Sony film was finished, Granda Television (the producer of the documentary project), chose to move forward with a different director for Age 21 in America. This installment was never aired in the US and the project was abandoned.
In the early 2000's Joanou focused on commercial work, directing commercials for Nike, Coke, Gatorade, Bud Light, Honda, Ford, GM, Lexus, Brand Jordan, Sony, UPS, Microsoft, EA, Mercedes, Disney, Visa, MasterCard and many others.
In 2005 Joanou began production on Gridiron Gang, based on the award-winning documentary that followed the first season of the inaugural football program at Camp Kilpatrick, a juvenile detention center in Los Angeles. The film starred Dwayne Johnson and opened number one in 2006 in both its theatrical run and its home video release. Joanou also directed Chris Tucker's first stand-up comedy special for Netflix in 2013, which was released in 2015.
His most recent film entitled, The Veil, took Joanou into the horror/mystery genre for Blumhouse, Universal Pictures and Netflix. The film received mostly negative reviews.
Moore has been Chief News Anchor and Editor since 1972 at KMBC-TV in Kansas City  except for a three-year absence.
Moore received a B.A. in English from Truman State University in Kirksville, Missouri in 1967. While in college, he was a reporter and weekend editor for the Kirksville Daily Express newspaper.  After college, he worked for United Press International. He started a master's degree program at the University of Missouri when he decided to pursue a career in television.  He joined KMBC-TV in 1968 as a reporter.
In January of 1972, after 4 years at KMBC, Moore became the primary news anchor until 1979. He had a brief stint in 1980 as a weekend anchor for WLS-TV, the ABC owned-and-operated station in Chicago. He left WLS in 1982 to become co-anchor at KPIX-TV in San Francisco for 2 years; leaving abruptly, possibly related to his lymphoma, a type of cancer.  He returned to KMBC-TV in August 1983.
Moore has been cited by the Kansas City Media Reporters organization as Best TV news anchor and one of Kansas City's Top 10 Celebrities by Kansas City magazine.
Moore has participated extensively in fundraising for charities. He was an auctioneer at several fund-raising events, including the University of Missouri Alumni picnic-auction-gala, Conception Seminary, the Valentine Gala to prevent child abuse, the Central City School Fund auction, St. Teresa's Academy auction and the Ozanam premiere gala. He has also participated in fund raising events for the Diocese of Kansas City.
Moore as served as master of ceremonies of the American Royal Champion Livestock auction and multiple times at the Threads and Threads Gala benefiting the University of Kansas Cancer Institute, where he was treated for lymphoma, a type of cancer 
He has served on the community boards of numerous charitable organization including the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation,  American Cancer Society, Kansas City Community Gardens, National Lost-Child Network, American Royal, Ozanam Home for Boys, St. Patrick's Day parade committee, Avila College and the Kansas City Press Club. Voted as 'Best news Video Jockey' in town.
This article about a location in the Oromia Region of Ethiopia is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The 2010 season was Rajnavy's eighth season in the top division of Thai football. This article shows statistics of the club's players in the season, and also lists all matches that the club played in the season.
Updated 7 January 2010  Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Ogle Castle was launched at Cowes in 1821. She made two complete voyages to India sailing under a license from the British East India Company (EIC). She was lost with all aboard on 3 November 1825 while returning to London from her third.
Ogle Castle first appeared in Lloyd's Register (LR) in 1821. In 1813 the EIC had lost its monopoly on the trade between India and Britain. British ships, Ogle Castle being one, were then free to sail to India or the Indian Ocean under a license from the EIC.
On 28 October 1824 Ogle Castle, Weynton, master, sailed from Gravesend, bound for Bombay. On 8 November she was at Cowes, and she sailed from there on 27 November. On 14 December she was at Madeira and immediately sailed on for Bombay. On 8 February 1825 she arrived at the Cape and sailed from there on the 11th. She arrived at Bombay on 4 May.
On 3 November 1825 Ogle Castle, inward bound from Bombay for London, stranded on the Goodwin Sands in a heavy gale and broke up, with the loss of over 100 lives. Captain James Weynton, all officers, crew, and passengers drowned.
It took some days for the wreck to be identified as the Ogle Castle. A report that a French fishing boat had rescued 17 crew men and taken them to Calais proved to be false.
For some weeks thereafter numerous bales of cotton, and some of silk, from her cargo, as well as some chests, came ashore at Margate, Dover, Ostend, and the Dutch coast. A part of the ship itself came ashore at Nieuport.
Although some contemporary press reports stated that when she was lost she was sailing on a one-voyage contract for the EIC, the standard references for the EIC's ships do not confirm this.
This biographical article about a painter from Scotland is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The mausoleum is built of plaster and rubble. At the time of construction, it was entire covered with blue, green and white tiles. Turquoise blue was the dominant amongst the other colors. The building is square in plan and has chamfered angles. A hemispherical dome rests on a drum. There is no mihrab (a niche in a wall indicating the direction in which Muslims pray) inside the building. It also contains semi-octagonal angled alcoves.
The drum from which the dome rises is cylindrical externally and circular internally. Red stone bricks have been used in the construction of the drum. The sotiff of the dome contains an arabesque design made using blue and red coloured tiles. The brick built dome is complementary to its drum. The dome was covered with turquoise blue tiles. From these, the building gets its name Nila Gumbad which in English translates to "Blue Dome". A kalasa finial crowns the dome.
The HTC Desire 816 is a mid ranged  Android-based smartphone designed and manufactured by HTC. Announced at the 2014 Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain, it features a 5.5-inch super LCD 2 display with a 1280x720 resolution, with full HD video recording and play-back.
In March, HTC revamped its sense home to a version 7.  Users can create their own phone theme or can access and  use various themes, wallpapers, sounds.  This works best with HTC Sense 7 and the HTC "zoe" feature fully active. New power saving and extreme power saving options extend battery life or when the users need to ward off from switching off the phone due to low battery level.
HTC also launched new HTC Desire 816G in September that runs on Android 4.4 KitKat OS and a Mediatek processor. HTC Desire 820 is the successor of desire 816.
Eleanor (1996) is a children's picture book biography of Eleanor Roosevelt's childhood, written by Barbara Cooney, describing her as a shy girl who goes on to do great things.
Monte Accellica is located within the Terminio Cervialto Mountain Community, as well as Monti Picentini Regional Park. Part of the southern face of the mountain is included in the Oasi Monte Accellica natural reserve, managed by WWF Italia.
Burnin' Down the House: Live at the House of Blues is the third live album by Etta James and her twenty-eighth album overall, released in 2002. The album reached a peak position of number one on Billboard's Top Blues Albums chart.
A few of the cover songs on this album were also featured on some of James' past albums: Leave Your Hat On was on Etta James (1973), Your Good Thing Is About To End was on Stickin' to My Guns (1990), Rock Me Baby was on a previous live album Etta, Red-Hot & Live.
Sanford is a lunar impact crater that is located in the northern latitudes on the Moon's far side. It lies to the south-southeast of the crater Klute, and just to the west-northwest of Teisserenc. To the southwest lies Joule.
This is a circular crater formation with a worn outer rim. A pair of small craterlets lies along the eastern rim, and the satellite crater Sanford C is attached to the outer edge along the north-northwest. Attached to the southern exterior is what may be the remains of a larger, unnamed crater that is now considerably eroded.
By convention these features are identified on lunar maps by placing the letter on the side of the crater midpoint that is closest to Sanford.
In mathematics, an exponential sum may be a finite Fourier series (i.e. a trigonometric polynomial), or other finite sum formed using the exponential function, usually expressed by means of the function
it is the same as allowing exponents that are complex numbers. Both forms are certainly useful in applications. A large part of twentieth century analytic number theory was devoted to finding good estimates for these sums, a trend started by basic work of Hermann Weyl in diophantine approximation.
by the triangle inequality, since each summand has absolute value 1. In applications one would like to do better. That involves proving some cancellation takes place, or in other words that this sum of complex numbers on the unit circle is not of numbers all with the same argument. The best that is reasonable to hope for is an estimate of the form
which signifies, up to the implied constant in the big O notation, that the sum resembles a random walk in two dimensions.
Such an estimate can be considered ideal; it is unattainable in many of the major problems, and estimates
have to be used, where the o(N) function represents only a small saving on the trivial estimate. A typical 'small saving' may be a factor of log(N), for example. Even such a minor-seeming result in the right direction has to be referred all the way back to the structure of the initial sequence xn, to show a degree of randomness. The techniques involved are ingenious and subtle.
was previously studied by Weyl himself, he developed a method to express the sum as the value     G ( 0 )   {\displaystyle G(0)}  , where 'G' can be defined via a linear differential equation similar to Dyson equation obtained via summation by parts.
The large sieve method (c.1960), the work of many researchers, is a relatively transparent general principle; but no one method has general application.
Many types of sums are used in formulating particular problems; applications require usually a reduction to some known type, often by ingenious manipulations. Partial summation can be used to remove coefficients an, in many cases.
Auxiliary types of sums occur in the theory, for example character sums; going back to Harold Davenport's thesis. The Weil conjectures had major applications to complete sums with domain restricted by polynomial conditions (i.e., along an algebraic variety over a finite field).
according to Weyl's equidistribution criterion. A basic advance was Weyl's inequality for such sums, for polynomial f.
There is a general theory of exponent pairs, which formulates estimates. An important case is where f is logarithmic, in relation with the Riemann zeta function.  See also equidistribution theorem.
This is the ideal degree of cancellation one could hope for without any a priori knowledge of the structure of the sum, since it matches the scaling of a random walk.
Vietnam competed at the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics, the inaugural Youth Olympic Games, held in Singapore from 14 August to 26 August 2010.
The Vietnamese team comprised 13 athletes competing in 7 sports: aquatics (swimming), athletics, shooting, badminton, taekwondo, wrestling, weightlifting.
Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
During the prior season, Sevilla finished sixth in La Liga. Since the winners of the Copa del Rey, Valencia, also qualified for European competition based on league position, the spot awarded to the cup winners (Europa League group stage) was passed to the sixth-placed team.
Last updated: 21 August 2020Source: ESPNFC.comOnly competitive matches = Number of bookings;  = Number of sending offs after a second yellow card;  = Number of sending offs by a direct red card.
Jacques Mersereau was a set decorator. He was nominated an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film Thousands Cheer.
The Minnesota State Bar Association is a voluntary bar association for the state of Minnesota, including as members lawyers, judges, and other legal practitioners, such as clerks, registrars, and paralegals.  The MSBA is one of the oldest state bar associations in the United States. Membership is not required to practice law in Minnesota.
Approximately every four years, the MSBA Assembly elects officers from the Hennepin County Bar Association, the Ramsey County Bar Association, the outstate bar associations (collectively), and a single at-large position. The officer is elected as Secretary, then advances to Treasurer, and then President-Elect, and eventually President.
The directors of the MSBA, under the guidance of the executive director, have the responsibility of carrying out the day-to-day operations of the association. The directors are responsible for supervising staff and setting and communicating goals and standards.
Pulchrana picturata, also known as the spotted stream frog, is a species of frog in the family Ranidae. It is endemic to Borneo (Brunei, Indonesia, and Malaysia).
Pulchrana picturata (in the broad sense, including populations from the Malay Peninsula and Sumatra now assigned to Pulchrana sundabarat) is a riparian species that inhabits lowland forests where they can be found along streams or small rivers. Males are usually heard calling from stream banks, within root tangles, rock overhangs or crevices or perched on low vegetation, rocks, logs or broken branches.
This list of current cities, towns, unincorporated communities, counties, and other recognized places in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania also includes information on the number and names of counties in which the place lies, and its lower and upper zip code bounds, if applicable.
Perikhanian was born in Moscow on 24 April 1928 to Georg and Arusyak Perikhanian. She attended school in Moscow and pursued further education in the Armenian SSR. From 1945 to 1948, Perikhanian studied Middle Persian (Pahlavi) at Yerevan State University with Rouben Abrahamian. She subsequently moved to Leningrad (Saint Petersburg), and finished her postgraduate at Leningrad State University (Saint Petersburg State University) in 1951.
In addition to her work on many aspects of ancient and medieval Iran, Perikhanian was also interested in ancient inscriptions of Asia Minor and the Middle East, as well as Middle Iranian languages and Armenian language. She also spent much time researching Armenian philology and etymology, especially in relation to Iranian loanwords in the Armenian language, and contributed to the understanding of Aramaic inscriptions found in Armenia.
The road has existed as Starr Valley Road since 1962, even before I-80 replaced U.S. Route 40 (US 40) in the area. After I-80 was designated in the area, the bridge over I-80 in Deeth was completed in 1965, and the bridge at the east terminus in 1968. The bridges over the Humboldt and Mary's Rivers were completed in 1983. It was not until 1992, however, until this road was formally designated a state highway by NDOT. Since establishment, the alignment of the route has not changed.
On the liner notes of Herb Alpert's "Definitive Hits" for the song "Tijuana Taxi" Herb Alpert wrote: "(Tijuana Taxi) was written by Bud Coleman who also played guitar and mandolin on many Tijuana Brass recordings until his untimely death. Bud wrote some great songs for us, but this one had a fabulous visual image of a Tijuana Taxi moving off a road and taking short cuts through the fields of Tijuana, Mexico."
He died in 1967 from surgical complications. The song "Bud" is a tribute song for Coleman. It was released on Herb Alpert And The Tijuana Brass 1967 album, Herb Alpert's Ninth. Coleman's widow, Eleanor, was given co-writing credits for this song. Julius Wechter's Baja Marimba Band also recorded a tribute song entitled "For Bud" on their 1968 album Do You Know The Way To San Jose. His son, Gregory was an accomplished guitarist and musician.
This biographical article related to a Japanese association football forward, born in the 1990s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Pontyclun Football Club is an amateur Welsh football club, founded in 1896 which plays its matches at Ivor Park, Pontyclun. It plays in the Ardal Leagues South West, the third tier of the Welsh football pyramid.
In its early years, the club played in the Bridgend League and the Cardiff & District League. In 1922, it was then admitted to the Football Association of Wales, one of the few amateur clubs at the time to achieve such status. Within a few years, the FAW adopted Pontyclun's motto 'Gorau chwarae, cyd chwarae' (roughly translated as 'the best players play together') as its own.
In 1968, the club was admitted to the Welsh Football League (then the premier league in Wales). At the same time, Pontyclun continued to run teams in both the Rhondda and Pontypridd leagues.
Craig Williams was capped by the Boys Clubs of Wales in 2002 as well as representing the Swansea City and Cardiff City Youth teams.
Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
In the JRA Awards for 2011 Deep Brillante finished third behind Alfredo and Adam's Peak in the poll to determine the champion Japanese two-year-old colt of 2011.
After his win at Tokyo, Deep Brillante's connections took the unusual decision to send the colt to England and match him against older horses in the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes at Ascot Racecourse on 21 July. He started a 20/1 outsider and was never in contention, finishing eighth of the ten runners behind the German mare Danedream.
Deep Brillante's retirement was announced on 26 October. Yahagi commented "It's a terrible shame that the fans won't be able to see him race again. The little more than a year that I spent with this horse has been like a dream and for me he was nothing short of a treasure."
After being retirement from racing Deep Brillante became a breeding stallion at the Shadai Stallion Station. His first crop of foals was born in 2014.
By 1930 the population peaked at 148. After World War II ended in 1945 the population steadily declined, with shops and then the school being closed. Today about thirty full-time residents remain.
He received an education in law in England and Germany, was called to the English Bar at the Middle Temple in 1865, and in 1866 was admitted as an advocate in Cape Town. He soon moved to Grahamstown, where he built up a large and successful practice.
In 1875, he was named to act as a judge in the Griqualand West Land Court by High Commissioner Sir Henry Barkly. Griqualand West had recently been annexed by Britain and the Land Court was established to rule on questions of land title within the territory. This was controversial work, as the principal diamond fields lay within Griqualand West, and the rulings of the court would naturally influence the access that neighbouring states would have to this resource.
Like his father Andries had a keen interest in politics, and in the final few years before his premature death he became increasingly involved in government.
He initially contested the Grahamstown parliamentary seat in 1876, but lost it to Richard Southey.  He was appointed Attorney-General for the government of Prime Minister John Molteno in 1877, to replace Simeon Jacobs who had retired due to ill health. However he tendered his resignation in 1878, in support of Molteno's fight against British interference in the Cape's government.  Later in 1878 he succeeded in being elected MP for Albert (Burgersdorp), and was reappointed judge in 1879.
The series was created and produced by the husband and wife team of Frank and Anne Hummert, based on the 1923 novel Stella Dallas by Olive Higgins Prouty. The 15-minute drama began on October 25, 1937, as a local show on WEAF in New York City, in the wake of the successful movie version starring Barbara Stanwyck, and it was picked up by the NBC Radio network beginning June 6, 1938, running weekday afternoons.
The radio play inspired the name of the home furnishing store Stella Dallas in Dallas, Texas.[citation needed]
Announcers for Stella Dallas were Ford Bond, Frank Gallop, Howard Claney, Jimmy Wallington, Jack Costello, and Roger Krupp. Directors included Ernest Ricca, Richard Leonard, and Norman Sweetser.
Dracophyllum is a genus in the family Ericaceae published by Labill in Voy. 2: 210. T. 40 (1798), with 61 species and 2 varieties. 
The first two specimens of the genus Dracophyllum were collected by J.R. Forster and his son J. G. A. Forster in March 1773 in Fiordland, New Zealand and described as two different species Epacris longifolia (Dracophyllum longifolium) and Epacris rosmarinifolia (Dracophyllum rosmarinifolium). Now the genus Epacris is used to describe an endemic Australian genus of 40 species other than the one published by the Forsters.
Diet member and former Minister of State for Financial Services Yuji Yamamoto is an advisor to the firm.
With a large number of qualified Japanese and foreign lawyers, Atsumi & Sakai can advise on New York and California state law, U.S. federal law, German law, Chinese law, Queensland state law, Australian federal law, English and Wale law, Indian law and Taiwanese law.
KIUL (1240 AM) is a radio station  broadcasting a News Talk Information format. Licensed to Garden City, Kansas, United States, the station serves southwestern Kansas.  The station is currently owned by Steckline Communications and features programming from ESPN Radio, Fox News Radio, Premiere Radio Networks, and Westwood One.
Most of KIUL's programming is simulcast on KYUL, 1310 AM, in Scott City, Kansas. Prior to Steckline's acquisition, the station's call sign was KFLA.
In October 1947, the Federal Communications Commission approved the sale of KIUL by Frank D. Conard to The Telegram Publishing Company for $42,000.
The individual members of Angel Investigations are called to action. Cordelia, Wesley and Angel meet at a gym to stop some demons attempting a human sacrifice. Meanwhile Lilah visits Lindsey's office where Darla is listening to classical music. She can feel Angel nearby, and Lindsey wants revenge against him.
Angel returns to Cordelia's apartment and removes the board they had been keeping track of their kills on. Wesley agrees that keeping score was a mistake - it's a job, not a race. Angel goes to visit Faith, now serving a long prison term, and they talk about redemption.
A vaudeville performer, Taylor made his film debut in 1938 as the cheerful ex-football captain Ed Carmichael in Frank Capra's You Can't Take It with You. He secured the part because the role required an actor who could play the xylophone. During the 1950s and early 1960s, he used his xylophone skills on several television shows, including the syndicated series Ranch Party.
In 1939 he appeared in the film Taming of the West, where he originated the character of Cannonball, a role he played for the next 10 years in over 50 films. Cannonball was a comedic sidekick to Wild Bill Elliott in 13 features. He played the character in other westerns starring Charles Starrett, Russell Hayden, Tex Ritter and Jimmy Wakely. Taylor later dropped the Cannonball name because he felt it held him back from roles in films with larger budgets.
He had bit parts in a number of classic motion pictures, including Mr. Smith Goes to Washington (1939), A Star Is Born (1954) and Them! (1954).
The 1954 film Dragnet had Taylor in an uncredited role, that of gangster Miller Starkie, who is killed in the opening scene. He had a small role in the 1958 Walt Disney film Tonka as a rustler of stray horses for sale. The same year, he performed in No Time for Sergeants as the representative of the draft board who summoned Will Stockdale (Andy Griffith) from his rural home in Georgia to the United States Air Force.
He portrayed an ill-tempered chuckwagon cook in the 1969 film The Undefeated, starring John Wayne and Rock Hudson, and appeared in Support Your Local Gunfighter (1971) as the drunken Doc Shultz.
He appeared in Back to the Future Part III (1990) with veteran Western actors Pat Buttram and Harry Carey Jr.. Taylor's last film role was in Maverick (1994), and although he had only a fleeting appearance as an unnamed "Room Clerk", his name appears in the film's opening credits.
In the 1950s, he guest-starred three times on the syndicated series The Range Rider, starring Jock Mahoney and Dick Jones. He appeared in the 1955 episode "The Outlander" of Cheyenne, and on the syndicated series Death Valley Days playing the Colorado silver miner "Chicken Bill" Lovell.
Taylor performed on other sitcoms, including Hazel with Shirley Booth. His character, Mitch Brady, was owner of a local cab company and a frequent boyfriend of Hazel's. He was cast in an episode of I Love Lucy, and on The Brian Keith Show, and in a fourth-season episode of The Cosby Show. He was on NBC's series Laredo and The High Chaparral.
Taylor played Houston Lamb in four episodes of Little House On The Prairie in seasons six and seven (1979 to 1981). He appeared on Hee Haw for six seasons, from 1985 to 1991, where he was mostly seen as a regular in the Lulu's Truck Stop skit featuring Lulu Roman and Gailard Sartain. Taylor was in several episodes of Designing Women as a rustic enamored with the women from Sugarbaker's during a camping expedition.
Starting in the late 1970s, Taylor appeared in a series of Western-style commercials for Hubba Bubba bubble gum.[citation needed] In the radio versions of the commercials, his character was named "The Geezer".[citation needed]
In 1994, he appeared in a commercial for Pace Foods, performing as one of four participants in a fair's "Dip-Off" contest, where  two other competitors and he use their "secret ingredient" of Pace Picante Sauce in their dips. When the fourth participant holds up a jar of "Mexican sauce" as a "secret ingredient", Taylor's character proclaims that it was "made in New York City!"
Taylor died of a heart attack on October 3, 1994, in Los Angeles. He was cremated, and his ashes were scattered near Westlake Village, California.[citation needed]
De Vlugt is situated on the banks of the Keurbooms River, approximately 55 km north of Knysna. It originated as a construction camp for the 270 convicts who built the Prince Alfred Pass in 1861. Later a small community emerged around the camp.
You and Your Sister is the debut album by the American band the Vulgar Boatmen, released in 1989. The Vulgar Boatmen, at the time of the album, constituted two bands: one based in Florida and one based in Indiana.
The album's songs were written by Dale Lawrence and Robert Ray. Ray, based in Florida, and Lawrence, based in Indiana, sent songs through the mail. Aside from a few tracks recorded in Indiana, the majority of the album was made at Ray's Gainesville, Florida, home studio. You and Your Sister was coproduced by Ray and Walter Salas-Humara.
Colungo is a municipality located in the province of Huesca, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2018 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 114 inhabitants.
This article about a location in the Province of Huesca is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
8 Star Motorsports LLC is a sports car racing team founded by racing driver Enzo Potolicchio in 2012. The team currently races in the United SportsCar Championship PC class and the Cooper Tires Prototype Lites L1.
The team also raced in the LMGTE Am class of the 2013 FIA World Endurance Championship. Team principal Enzo Potolicchio and Rui Aguas raced all rounds of the championship supported by various drivers. The Ferrari 458 Italia won its class at the 2013 6 Hours of Spa-Francorchamps and 2013 6 Hours of Shanghai. At the 2013 24 Hours of Le Mans the team finished second in class. The team led several laps and finished tenth.
For 2014 the team joined the newly formed United SportsCar Championship in the PC class. Sean Rayhall, graduating from the IMSA Lites, joined the team full-time. The team fielded two cars at the 2014 24 Hours of Daytona. The car driven by Enzo Potolicchio, Tom Kimber-Smith and Michael Marsal finished tenth overall, second in class.
Rayhall and Luis Diaz scored the team's first win in United SportsCar Championship at Virginia International Raceway and repeated one race later at Circuit of The Americas. 8Star finished 2nd in the PC Teams Championship.
In the IMSA Lites championship 8 Start Motorsports solely competed at Sebring International Raceway. Christian Potolocchio retired both races.
The organ virtuoso was known in Berlin for his "groundbreaking" concerts. Among his performances were over 550 free weekly concerts, at which he performed, among others, compositions by Josef Rheinberger's In 1909 Irrgang made a concert tour to Sweden.
23 Hours is a 2009 vampire novel written by David Wellington. It is a sequel to 2008's Vampire Zero.
Publishers Weekly said "Wellington's deadpan humor enlivens the satirical goth-gore proceedings as Laura battles the half-dead and their evil leader".
See guidelines for writing about novels. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.
Prior to his appointment at Exeter, Moorhead was the first Chair of Law and Professional Ethics and Vice Dean (Research) in the Faculty of Laws at University College London (UCL). His work focuses on lawyers, their ethics, regulation and professional competence. He is the co-editor of  After Universalism: Re-Engineering Access to Justice. 
Moorhead is also a poet whose work has been featured in periodicals.  His first pamphlet, the Reluctant Vegetarian (Oystercatcher Press) was shortlisted for the Michael Marks Award.  His second, the Word Museum is published by Flarestack Poets.
Moorhead left UCL to join the University of Exeter as its Head of Law in 2019. He stepped down from the role less than two years later, to be replaced by Professor Sue Prince. The reason for his departure was not stated publicly.
NC 610 was established in 1930 as a connector route running from US 311/NC 77 to its parent route NC 61, following its present-day routing. By 1940, NC 61 was replaced with NC 62 forming the current eastern terminus of the highway. On September 8, 2011, US 311 was deleted along Main Street and placed along a new freeway concurrency with I-74. This left the western terminus of NC 610 without an official highway designation.
The Volga class is a class of Russian river passenger ships. It is named after the first ship in the class Volga, which in her turn was named after Volga River.
Many digital cameras have a display setting and possibly a physical dial whereby the photographer can set the camera to either over or under expose the subject by up to three f-stops (f-numbers) in 1/3 stop intervals. Each number on the scale (1,2,3) represents one f-stop, decreasing the exposure by one f-stop will halve the amount of light reaching the sensor. The dots in between the numbers represent 1/3 of an f-stop.
Exposure can be adjusted by changing either the lens aperture or the exposure time; which one is changed usually depends on the camera's exposure mode. If the mode is aperture priority, exposure compensation changes the exposure time; if the mode is shutter priority, the aperture is changed. If a flash is being used, some cameras will adjust flash output as well.
Many modern cameras incorporate metering systems that measure scene contrast as well as average luminance, and employ sophisticated algorithms to infer the appropriate exposure from these data. In scenes with very unusual lighting, however, these metering systems sometimes cannot match the judgment of a skilled photographer, so exposure compensation still may be needed.
On March 12, 1864, voting took place for members of a new organization, and on April 1, a committee consisting of Waite, Buel, Brainerd, and Packard began preparing a new constitution. By April 6, Buel presented monograms for two new names, Theta Xi and Theta Psi. Theta Xi was chosen because of local fraternity called Theta Psi at Yale.
Within its first forty years, six chapters were established at Yale, Stevens Institute of Technology, MIT, Columbia University, Cornell University, and Lehigh University. It was not until 1905 that a westward expansion occurred with chapters at Purdue and, a month later, Washington University in St. Louis. The first west coast chapter came in 1910 at UC Berkeley, and in April 1921, the first southern chapter was founded at LSU.
In 1974, the Beta Alpha chapter at Georgia Tech became a Christian chapter while remaining a full member of Theta Xi and the Georgia Tech IFC. The chapter remains Christian today and is the only Christian chapter of a secular national fraternity in the United States. Their model expanded to the Gamma Phi chapter at Georgia Southern University in 2008, however that chapter has since reverted to the traditional non-religious status.[circular reference]
The Theta Xi Fraternity Chapter House at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2013.
In 2014, Theta Xi celebrated its sesquicentennial. In honor of this occasion, the National Convention was held in Troy, New York to commemorate the founding of Theta Xi.
William S. Mason, considered to be one of the greatest benefactors and supporters of Theta Xi, was the main supporter of the fraternity's adoption of Benjamin Franklin as its patron saint.
These charities are a mainstay among all chapters of the fraternity, as well as the numerous other charities supported by individual chapters. On June 20, 1986 Theta Xi was named the Outstanding Volunteer Organization for 1985-86 by the National Multiple Sclerosis Society. Theta Xi takes exceptional pride in its members' involvement in these and other charities.
Jennifer Capriati Tennis (known as The Tennis Tournament: Grandslam in Europe) is a Sega Genesis video game developed by System Sacom and released in 1992. In 1994 it was released in the classic range by Sega as Grandslam (Classic). The game is named after Jennifer Capriati, one of the world's top-ranked female tennis players at the WTA Tour during the time of the game's release.
A gamer can create their own player by choosing their race, gender, and tennis wear color. In addition to this, the game can be played by either one or two players. There can be doubles and singles matches, in addition to numerous tournaments. Tournaments take place in various locations around the world, including Florida, London, Paris and Sydney.
The following human genes encode Kruppel-like factors: KLF1,  KLF2,  KLF3,  KLF4,  KLF5,  KLF6,  KLF7,  KLF8,  KLF9, KLF10, KLF11,  KLF12,  KLF13,  KLF14,  KLF15,  KLF16,  KLF17
Note that although KLF14 was an alias for Sp6 (Q3SY56), it now refers to a protein (Q8TD94) derived from KLF16 by a retrotransposon event.
KLFs are divided into three subgroups; Group 1 (KLF 3,8, and 12) are repressors via interaction with the C-terminal Binding Protein 1 and 2 (CtBP1 and CtBP2). Group 2 (KLFs 1,2,4,5,6, and 7) are transcription activators. Group 3 (KLFs 9,10,11,13,12, and 16) have repressor activity via interaction with the common transcriptional co-repressor, Sin3A. KLFs 15 and 17 are distantly related without any defined protein interaction motifs.
The Sp family members diverged from KLFs since Filozoa. They are typically divided into two groups of Sp1-4 and Sp5-9. One of the signatures is the "Btd box" CxCPxC preceding the KLF-DBD.
KLF3 has a short motif in the N-terminus (of the form Proline-Isoleucine-Aspartate-Leucine-Serine or PIDLS) that recruits CtBP1 and 2. CtBP in turn recruits histone modifying enzymes. It brings in histone deacetylases, histone demethylases and histone methylases, which are thought to  remove active chromatin marks and lay down repressive marks to eliminate gene expression.
The understanding of the structure and function of KLFs has informed the design of artificial transcription factors. Artificial zinc fingers can be built to recognize chosen sites in DNA and artificial functional domains can be added to either activate or repress genes containing these sites.
Coles Together is a non-profit economic development organization for Coles County, Illinois. It was founded in 1988 by a partnership between the public and private sectors to provide full-time economic development support for new and existing industry in Coles County.
The Chapel of Our Lady of Graces (Maltese: Tal-Grazzja) is a Roman Catholic chapel located in the area known as Tal-Maqluba in Qrendi, Malta.
This chapel was built in the year 1658 by Angelo Spiteri from Qrendi and dedicated to Our Lady of Victories. However, later the church was rededicated to Our lady of Graces. Spiteri left funds which were to be used for the singing of vespers and the celebration of Mass on the feast day. The church was restored in 2007.
In biostratigraphy, a subdiscipline of geology, a taxon-range zone is the zone between the highest and the lowest stratigraphic occurrence of a taxon. Taxon-range zones are one of the fundamental biozones used in biostratigraphy and are named after the taxon whose range they describe.
"The body of strata representing the known range of stratigraphic and geographic occurrence of specimens of a particular taxon. It is the sum of the documented occurrences in all individual sections and localities from which the particular taxon has been identified."
So a taxon-range zone is not only a vertical interval, but expands laterally. Taxon-range zones are limited at the top by the surface that connects all highest known stratigraphic occurrences of the taxon and are limited at the bottom by the surface that connects all lowest known stratigraphic occurrences of the taxon.
The local range of a taxon is the zone between the highest and the lowest stratigraphic occurrence of a taxon in a particular locality or area.
The format of the Cup has not changed for this season what means that, unlike other European cup competitions, all teams (including Tippeligaen ones) entered the Cup in the First Round. In the First and Second Round amateur teams (or at least lower-placed at the time of the draw) were seeded and played the matches at home ground. From the Third Round until the end the draw was random.
Colleton Preparatory Academy is a pre-kindergarten to 12th grade school in Walterboro, South Carolina.
The school opened in 1966 as a segregation academy under the name John C. Calhoun Academy, who was a famous proponent of slavery. During its first school year it was housed in Grace Advent Christian Church. The following year, it moved to its own campus where it remains today. It had been one of 111 schools whose tax-exempt status had been contested by the Internal Revenue Service.  In 1990, exemption was granted and the school renamed Colleton.
The school offers two tracks for high school students: college prep and early college, in coordination with University of South Carolina Salkehatchie.
Colleton competes in baseball, basketball, football, softball, tennis, volleyball, cheerleading, golf and soccer.
Gap junction gamma-3, also known as connexin-29 (Cx29) or gap junction epsilon-1 (GJE1), is a protein that in humans is encoded by the GJC3 gene.
One of several titles published by Evo Media, Queensland Pride is distributed throughout Brisbane and major regional centres in Queensland.[citation needed] The publication covers local, national and international news of interest to the gay and lesbian community, and has a strong focus on community news, arts and entertainment.
In 2013, Queensland Pride became and remains under investigated by the Office of Fair Trading in Queensland for claiming in media kits that it was distributing 15,740 copies per issue at the end of 2012 when only 4,970 copies were going out, having the effect of misleading advertisers and the GLBTI community that were exposed to Queensland Pride's claims.
Liquidators for Evolution Publishing Pty Limited claim Dean Bell, Evo Media's Managing Director was a "shadow director" and referred questions of phoenixing to ASIC.
A tooth-coloured shell that is slightly larger than the tooth preparation is selected and is reduced to the correct dimensions using a bur until it seats fully on the tooth preparation without bedding into the gingiva. Petroleum jelly is smeared over the tooth and acrylic resin is spread over the fitting surface of the crown. The shell is removed once the resin has polymerised and the restoration is trimmed until fit is satisfactory.
2. Plastic crowns Clear plastic crowns can be selected and trimmed with a scissors without traumatising the gingiva. Small holes can be made on the canine tips, incisal angles and cusps with a probe before filling crowns with acrylic resin to reduce risk of bubbles formation. Once the resin has set, the restoration can be checked for occlusion and margins before being cemented in.
3. Composite crowns Preformed malleable composite crowns are soft and easily moulded to the tooth in situ. They can be partially cured for two to three seconds in the mouth and removed to be fully cured outside the mouth. Final check for occlusion, fit and margins can be carried out prior to cementing provisional restoration.
4. Metal-based crowns When a permanent crown needs replacement or sectioning for caries removal, the original crown can be modified and used as a temporary restoration. The crown can be relined with bis-acrylic composite resin and cemented on temporarily.
Prior to the cementation of the provisional crown, the occlusion should be checked. Any deficiencies in the provisional crown can be amended by the addition of more temporary crown and bridge material, or a light cured composite.
If a temporary crown becomes de-cemented, it is important that a dentist examine the patient as overeruption of the opposing teeth may prevent accurate fitting of the final crown. If a dentist cannot be seen in a timely manner, the temporary crown may be re-cemented by applying temporary cement to the temporary crown.
A systemic study found that di-methacrylate-based provisional restorations had better flexural strength and hardness than the mono-methacrylate-based ones, while, within the mono-methacrylate group, poly-methylmethacrylate showed better flexural strength than poly-ethylmethacrylate.
Oral hygiene tooth brushing and flossing is crucial to prevent gingival inflammation and bleeding. Patients are advised to pull the dental floss out buccally instead of pulling back up through the contact point. This is to avoid accidentally pulling out a provisional restoration.
1st Regiment Indiana Heavy Artillery was a heavy artillery regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War. It was nicknamed the "Jackass Regiment". Before being converted into an artillery unit in 1863, it served as the 21st Regiment, Indiana Volunteer Infantry.
The 1st Indiana Heavy Artillery was organized in Indianapolis, Indiana, July 24, 1861, as the 21st Indiana Infantry under the command of Colonel James Winning McMillan.  The regiment was converted to heavy artillery in February 1863.
The regiment lost a total of 390 men during service; 7 officers and 60 enlisted men killed or mortally wounded, 3 officers and 320 enlisted men died of disease.
One of the earliest members descended from this family to reach national prominence was Sir Lewis Pollard (c. 1465-1526), Justice of the Common Pleas from 1514 to 1526, of Grilstone, Bishop's Nympton, described by Thomas Fuller (1608-1661) in his Worthies of England as one of several Devonshire men "inundated with a genius to study law".
The former mansion of the Pollards at Way is now represented by the farmhouse known as Way Barton. Reset into the front wall of the house is a stone sculpture dated about 1300 showing the faces of two ladies wearing wimples and above them the smaller face of a man.  In 1309 Robert Pollard was granted by the Bishop of Exeter  licence to build an oratory at Weye, of which no trace remains in the present house.
The Devon historian Tristram Risdon (died 1640) (who lived at Winscott in the same parish of St Giles in the Wood) stated Way to have been the residence of the de la Way family during the reign of King John (1199-1216), and to have been granted, during the reign of Edward I (1272-1307), by Walter de la Way, the son of William de la Way, to Walter Pollard, which grant was witnessed by Sir Henry Sully and Sir Thomas Merton.
The arms of de la Way were later quartered by their descendants the Pollard family and by the Davie family (later Davie Baronets of Creedy, Sandford). The usual explanation of this usage of the de la Way arms is as given for example in the 1771 Baronetage of England, by Kimber and Johnson:
Orate pro bono statu Johannis Pollard et Emmae uxoris eius qui istam guildam fieri fecerunt (pray for the good position of John Pollard and of Emma his wife who made this guild to come into being)
This evidences their having established a guild in that church. In Prince's opinion it was Horwood not Way which was the earliest devonshire home of the Pollard family. The 3rd son of John Pollard and Emme Doddescombe was Roger Pollard, who founded the Pollard family of Langley, Yarnscombe.
Hic jacet Alyanora Pollard qui fuit uxor Joh(ann)is Pollard et filia Joh(ann)is Copleston qui obiit xxi die mensis Septembris Anno d(o)m(in)i Mill(ensi)mo CCCCXXX cuius animae propitietur Deus Amen. (Here lies Eleanor / Alianore Pollard who was the wife of John Pollard and daughter of John Copleston who died on the 21st day of the month of September in the One thousandth four hundredth and thirtieth year of Our Lord of whose soul may God look upon with favour Amen.)
There are two further inscriptions on the same slab made later to commemorate two distant relations:
Way became later the property of Lewis Wellington, living there when Risdon wrote his Survey of Devon (c. 1630). In a deed of 1611 Lewis Wellington of Great Torrington was described as a "woollen draper". In 1651 Thomas Wellington was mayor of Great Torrington.
The heiress Grace Wellington (1719-1763) brought the property to the family of her husband Philip Furse (1709-1774) of Dolton. Her son was Rev. Peter Wellington Furse (1755-1832), the owner of Way in 1810. The painter Charles Wellington Furse (1868-1904)  was a member of this family. The Furse family owned the Halsdon Estate in Dolton from the later 17th century and lived there until the house was sold in 1982.
John Francis Finnigan (born 29 March 1976) is an English football coach and former professional footballer.
He played as a midfielder in the Football League for Lincoln City and Cheltenham Town after starting his career with Nottingham Forest. He later had spells in Non-League for Kidderminster Harriers, Bishop's Cleeve and Shortwood United. He had a brief spell in charge of Kidderminster in 2009.
Born in Wakefield, Finnigan began his career with Nottingham Forest however failed to make an appearance at the City Ground and was loaned out to Lincoln City for his first spell with the club in 1998. He made his first league appearance for Lincoln in April 1998 against Macclesfield Town and featured in the Imps promotion to Division Two.
On his release by Nottingham Forest, Finnigan signed permanently for Lincoln City and for the 2000/01 season he was made team captain. Finnigan missed a large chunk of the 2001/02 season with a neck injury and after four years at Sincil Bank he left the club in March 2002 to join Cheltenham Town.
In his first season with Cheltenham Town, Finnigan helped Cheltenham to promotion via the play-offs, scoring in the play-off final against Rushden & Diamonds at the Millennium Stadium, and also received the 'Player of the Season' award at Whaddon Road.
He was made captain at the club and in 2006 he signed a new two-year contract under manager John Ward to keep him at Cheltenham until the summer of 2008. Finnigan then signed a contract extension to keep him at Cheltenham until 2010 alongside striker Steven Gillespie in August 2007. Finnigan suffered an injury which kept him out of action for a year in 2007.
In the close season of 2009, Finnigan was released by Cheltenham, with the remaining one year on his contract cancelled by mutual consent, quoting 'it was time to move on'. He signed for Conference National side Kidderminster Harriers on a two-year contract.
Finnigan was appointed as temporary manager of Kidderminster Harriers on 23 December 2009 following the departure of Mark Yates to Cheltenham Town.
Finnigan is also Sport's Development Officer at Winchcombe School, whilst also the Football Academy Manager at Kidderminster College. He very rarely turns out for local Cheltenham teams such as Winchcombe Town and Village Real.
 The crash position indicator (CPI) is a radio beacon designed to be ejected from an aircraft when it crashes. This helps ensure it survives the crash and any post-crash fires or sinking, allowing it to broadcast a homing signal to search and rescue aircraft.
CPI's became a requirement on some military aircraft and were often combined with flight data recorders. Today the beacon functions are normally fulfilled by the emergency locator transmitter system. The term "crash position indicator" no longer refers to the specific device, but any locator beacon.  The CPI is ranked No. 48 in the list of the 50 Greatest Canadian Inventions.
The CPI was developed by Harry Stevinson, starting work on the concept just before the opening of World War II. After the war he joined the National Research Council's (NRC) National Aeronautical Establishment (NAE), testing glider performance.
Other rescue beacon systems had already been developed and deployed, but Stevinson felt these were insufficient. If the crash occurred over water, the beacon would sink with the aircraft even if the crew escaped and were on the surface. Over land, the aircraft itself would block the signal if the beacon ended up buried under the fuselage, and the crash and any post-crash fires had the possibility of destroying it.
There was one contemporary system that offered survivability. It used a small mortar to fire the beacon off the aircraft and then land it under parachute with a shock absorber to lessen impact with the ground. The beacon package included a folding antenna, two pop-out arms intended to orient it upright after landing on the ground, and a floatation bag for water.
Stevinson liked the idea, but not the implementation. He preferred an aerodynamic release system that would eliminate the mortar, and a ruggedized radio system with an omnidirectional antenna that would eliminate the rest of the complexity. Survivability on both land and water could be achieved using lightweight foams.
These tests were followed by production-setting releases from aircraft. In this case the CPI was placed inside a cylindrical recess on the outside of the aircraft fuselage, normally near the tail. The upper curved portion of the CPI projected into the wind, providing a constant lift when the aircraft was in motion. This was countered by a spring latch that would automatically release in the case of a sudden deceleration.
When development was completed in 1959, production did not start immediately. Licenses were passed from company to company before finally settling at Dominion Scientific Instruments (DSI) of Ottawa. They contracted Leigh Instruments of Carleton Place to manufacture the system.
CPI was soon mandatory on Canadian Air Force aircraft working in the far north. In one instance, an aircraft in the Yukon mountains was found by CPI in a location where visual location would have been impossible. In another, a USAF aircraft crashed into the ocean at night, but its injured crew was rescued after the CPI broadcast was detected. Leigh received a letter of thanks. Even Air Force One was equipped with a CPI, the AN/ASH-20.
While Stevinson was working on the "tumbling aerofoil beacon", David Warren of the Aeronautical Research Laboratories (ARL), Australia's counterpart to the Canadian NAE, was developing the concept of the cockpit voice recorder under the name "Flight Memory". In 1958 he visited the NRC to discuss the possibility of incorporating the Flight Memory system into the CPI.
DSI's system would go on to spawn a series of models, some in CPI's and some in ruggedized crash-survivable forms.
By the 1970s, the CPI with data recorder was now a standard item on many Canadian and US aircraft, and would also be selected for the Panavia Tornado. It was optional on many other aircraft, and fairly common on bush planes. Its success was such that Leigh eventually purchased DSI, and by 1978 yearly sales of modern CPI devices were $6 million. Total sales over the years topped $100 million. Leigh became one of the largest Canadian electronics firms.
In 1988, Plessey announced they would purchase Leigh for about 42.5 million Pounds. This was most of the money Plessey received from GEC during the creation of GEC Plessey Telecommunications. However, the deal fell through and the company was eventually broken up.
Although most aircraft carry non-ejectable beacons, ejectable versions are still built for overwater flight, and most of these feature the tumbling-airfoil design.
Albtal-Verkehrs-Gesellschaft ('Alb Valley Transport Company', AVG) is a company owned by the city of Karlsruhe that operates rail and bus services in the Karlsruhe area, southwest Germany.
It owns and maintains several railway lines, including the Albtalbahn railway, and leases and maintains other lines. VBK, a sister company, operates Karlsruhe's bus and tram network, and AVG Stadtbahn routes use VBK tracks to access the city centre. Besides AVG and VBK lines, AVG also operates on DB tracks and a short stretch of tram track belonging to the city of Heilbronn. VBK and DB Stadtbahn routes traverse AVG tracks.
This biographical article related to a Brazilian association football defender born in the 1970s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This biographical article relating to weightlifting in the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Omsk State Technical University (OmSTU) in Omsk, Russia, is an educational institution in the Western Siberian Region. Omsk State Technical University (OmSTU) was established in 1942.
This Russian university, college or other education institution article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
While teaching at ASUTECH, Mobisson went on to work in Nigerian telecommunications industry with NITEL. With the assistance of ASUTECH graduates, NITEL engineers, and former President Ibrahim Babangida's financial support, he constructed a communications system that was capable of connecting every Nigerian via telephones.[citation needed]
Mobisson continued his work with NITEL until 1995, when he suffered a massive stroke which forced him into retirement.[citation needed]  He lived in Norwood, Massachusetts until he died due to a heart attack on February 18, 2010.
He is the father of Jidenna, an American hip hop recording artist, and Nneka Mobisson a medical doctor and entrepreneur,  named a Young Global Leader by the World Economic Forum.
Eden is the sixth album by English soprano Sarah Brightman, released in 1998 under license by Nemo Studios to Angel Records.
Similar to Brightman's later album La Luna, Eden juxtaposed English popular songs with Italian opera arias. This was a departure from her previous albums which were almost entirely sung in English, such as Fly. Eden retained elements of Timeless, which had strongest classical influences.
Eden contains one classic rock interpretation, "Dust in the Wind". It was released as a single and experienced a big success in Brazil, because it was featured on the soundtrack of the soap opera Andando nas Nuvens (Walking on the Clouds). The single "Deliver Me" also gained certain mainstream American success because of its inclusion on the soundtrack of the 1999 film Brokedown Palace.
Subsequent to the release of Eden, Brightman performed her first world tour ever, One Night In Eden Tour, and released the VHS/DVD One Night in Eden.
The Gorlov helical turbine (GHT) is a water turbine evolved from the Darrieus turbine design by altering it to have helical blades/foils. It was patented in a series of patents from September 19, 1995  to July 3, 2001 and won 2001 ASME Thomas A. Edison. GHT was invented by Alexander M. Gorlov, professor of Northeastern University.
The physical principles of the GHT work are the same as for its main prototype, the Darrieus turbine, and for the family of similar vertical axis wind turbines which includes also Turby wind turbine, aerotecture turbine, Quietrevolution wind turbine, etc. GHT, Turby and Quietrevolution solved pulsatory torque issues by using the helical twist of the blades.
The helical turbine (Germany patent DE2948060A1, 1979) was originally invented by Ulrich Stampa (Bremen, Germany), engineer, author and inventor.
If the direction of the water flow is fixed, then the Gorlov turbine axis could be vertical or horizontal, the only requirement is orthogonality to the flow.
The GHT is a unidirectional turbine, operating under a lift-based concept (see airfoil), providing rotation in a consistent direction from bidirectional or reversible fluid flows. The GHT works under the same principle as the Darrieus turbine; that is, it relies upon the movement of the foils in order to change the apparent direction of the flow relative to the foils, and thus change the (apparent) "angle of attack" of the foil.
A GHT is proposed for low-head micro hydro installations, when construction of a dam is undesirable.  The GHT is an example of damless hydro technology.  The technology may potentially offer cost and environmental benefits over dam-based micro-hydro systems.
Some advantages of damless hydro are that it eliminates the potential for failure of a dam, which improves public safety. It also eliminates the initial cost of dam engineering, construction and maintenance, reduces the environmental and ecological complications, and potentially simplifies the regulatory issues put into law specifically to mitigate the problems with dams.
In this example the direction of the fluid flow is to the left.   As the turbine rotates, in this case in a clockwise direction, the motion of the foil through the fluid changes the apparent velocity and angle of attack (speed and direction) of the fluid with respect to the frame of reference of the foil.  The combined effect of these two flow components (i.e. the vector sum), yields the net total "Apparent flow velocity" as shown in the next figure.
(The diagrams "Net Force Vectors" and "Normal Force Vectors" are partially incorrect.  The downwind segments should show the vectors outside the circles.  Otherwise there would be no net sideways loading on the turbine.)  M Koester 2015.
Helical turbines in water stream generate mechanical power independent on direction of the water flow. Then electric generators assembled upon the common shaft transfer the power into electricity for the commercial use.
Note: This is not an extensive list; it only covers the first and second rounds, and any other players picked by the franchise that played at least one game in the league.
Some New York Knicks TV Games never aired on WOR-TV because of broadcast conflict with the New York Rangers (NHL).
New York Knicks NBA All-Star representatives at the 1973 NBA All-Star Game in Chicago, Illinois at Chicago Stadium.
Earlier travellers witnessed Beja and Bisharin influences from the Red Sea Hills among the Manasir (INNES 1931:187). Strong similarities of their burial customs with that of the Nubians can still be observed (cf. CAVENDISH 1966, Local beliefs among the Manasir).
Their material culture is simple and consists mainly of a variety of storage containers and tools (cf. Material Culture of the Manasir). An insight into their culture and perception can be obtained by studying the Diwan of their recent poet Ibrahim 'Ali Salman.
Worland Municipal Airport (IATA: WRL, ICAO: KWRL, FAA LID: WRL) is in Washakie County, Wyoming, three miles south of Worland, which owns it. It was built in 1953. It has no scheduled airline service; Great Lakes Airlines pulled out on September 30, 2016.
The airport covers 690 acres (279 ha) at an elevation of 4,252 feet (1,296 m). It has three runways: 16/34 is 7,001 by 100 feet (2,134 x 30 m) asphalt, 10/28 is 2,501 by 60 feet (762 x 18 m) turf and 4/22 is 2,241 by 60 feet (683 x 18 m) turf.
In the 12 months ending May 31, 2018, the airport had 3,325 aircraft operations, average 9 per day: 70% general aviation and 30% air taxi. 16 aircraft were then based at the airport: 38% single-engine, 13% jet, and 50% helicopter.
In 2010 Fast Company wrote that John's Phone made it in the top 12 of the Year's Best Ideas in Interface Designs.
John's Phone is available in 5 editions: snow (grey on white), business (white on black), tree (brown on black), grass (white on green) and sweet (white on pink), which cost $100 in the US, and one "premium" edition, bar (golden), which costs $150.
Although the phone has been promoted as being "the world's simplest phone" and "the anti-smartphone" by the tech media, it has also been criticized for being rather overpriced for its so-called simplicity, for rough plastic moulding, and for poor ergonomics. This back-to-basics mobile phone was included in the initial collection of the new Museum of Ideas and Inventions (miBa) in Barcelona which opened in March 2011.
Sam Verrills is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who plays as a hooker for the Sydney Roosters in the NRL.
In the 2021 NRL season, after coming back from an ACL injury. He then suffered a detached retina keeping him on the sidelines for multiple weeks.  Verrills played a total of 14 games for the Sydney Roosters in the 2021 NRL season including the club's opening finals game against the Gold Coast.  The Sydney Roosters would be eliminated from the second week of the finals losing to Manly 42-6.
Pope John Paul II beatified her when he visited Canada in 1984 and she has been granted the title of Blessed. One final miracle is required for her to be canonized; one such miracle is under review.
In 1862 she was sent to the Church of St. Vincent de Paul a parish for French speaking Catholics in Manhattan, where the congregation ran an orphanage. She remained there until 1870, when she joined the Sisters of the Holy Cross, the American branch of her order, located at Notre Dame, Indiana. There she taught French and needlework to the sisters training to become teachers.
Paradis continued to wear the habit of her order but relinquished it on 2 October 1904 in favor of the one instituted in the new congregation. In 1905 it was Pope Pius X who relieved her of her obligations towards the Holy Cross Congregation.
Paradis soon became seriously ill with a malignant cancer, and her health slowly declined. On the morning of her death, she received permission to publish the Rule of the new congregation. She died suddenly following dinner and after receiving the last sacraments on 3 May 1912. Her remains were exhumed on 4 October 1935.
The beatification process commenced in Sherbrooke in 1952 with the commencement of a local process to assemble documentation and testimonies; the process concluded in 1952. The formal introduction of the cause for the Servant of God came on 13 June 1966 under Pope Paul VI. A second process was convoked and spanned for a mere three months in 1968. Both of the local processes were ratified in 1970 and all documents were forwarded to Rome for evaluation.
Pope John Paul II recognized her life of heroic virtue on 31 January 1981 and proclaimed her to be Venerable. He approved a miracle attributed to her on 17 February 1984 and beatified her on 11 September 1984 in Montreal.
The second required miracle for her canonization was investigated and the process was ratified in 2006. The Medical Board that advises the Congregation for the Causes of Saints approved the healing as a miracle on 19 June 2008.
Nontuela is a town (Spanish: pueblo) located in the northwestern part of Futrono commune, southern Chile. The town lies about 10 km northwest of Ranco Lake and only about 3 km west of the Andean foothills.
Gorytes dorothyae is a species of sand wasp in the family Crabronidae. It is found in North America.
2000 Emperor's Cup Final was the 80th final of the Emperor's Cup competition. The final was played at National Stadium in Tokyo on January 1, 2001. Kashima Antlers won the championship.
Cartoon Network is a European pay television channel broadcast in the Czech Republic, Hungary, Moldova, Romania and Slovakia. It launched on 1 October 2008 as a separate feed from the Polish feed, and is owned by AT&T's WarnerMedia under its International division.
Before the launch of the channel, Hungary, Romania and Moldova received the Polish feed of Cartoon Network on 30 September 2002, broadcasting in Polish, Hungarian, Romanian and English.
On 4 January 2008, the channel started broadcasting 24 hours a day in Romania. Initially only TV provider Dolce offered the 24h feed. A CEE feed specifically for Romania, Moldova and Hungary was launched, replacing Cartoon Network Poland on 1 October 2008.
Czech Republic and Slovakia used to receive this feed in English. However, on 20 September 2017, a Czech audio track was added to the channel in the Czech Republic and Slovakia. That same year, on 20 October, Cartoon Network started broadcasting 24 hours a day.
On 26 February 2018, the channel launched a high-definition feed. Later, on 15 October, Cartoon Network changed its aspect ratio from 4:3 to 16:9.[citation needed]
Achmad Dimyati Natakusumah (born 17 September 1966) is an Indonesian politician who is a member of the People's Representative Council since 2019, and previously between 2009 and 2018. Natakusumah was also the regent of Pandeglang Regency between 2000 and 2009.
Throughout his legislative career, he briefly served as the deputy speaker of the People's Consultative Assembly, and had been made a suspect in a bribery case although found not guilty. He was initially part of the United Development Party, but he moved to the Prosperous Justice Party in late 2017.
Natakusumah had a background in business, and he was the head of West Java's young entrepreneurs' association (HIPMI) between 1995 and 2000. In 2000, he was elected as the regent of Pandeglang, with the support of PDI-P and PPP, the latter of which he was a member of. He was reelected in 2005 for his second term.
While regent, Natakusumah issued a decision which was to mandate the separation of male and female students at high schools, intended to minimize sexual encounters between the teenagers. He also enforced an alcohol ban and funded some free services and public buildings.
He later ran as a legislator in the 2009 Indonesian legislative election in Banten's 1st electoral district with the United Development Party (PPP) and won a seat, becoming part of its third commission and also holding the post of deputy chairman of its legislation committee. Later in 2009, he was arrested by the Banten Attorney for alleged bribery he committed in 2006. He was found not guilty by Pandeglang's State Court in 2010.
In July 2014, Natakusumah was appointed and sworn in as Deputy Speaker for the People's Consultative Assembly, replacing Lukman Hakim Saifuddin who became the Minister of Religious Affairs.
Natakusumah won reelection in the 2014 election, winning 68,353 votes in Jakarta's 3rd electoral district. During a schism in PPP, he sided with Djan Faridz's faction and was named secretary general there, though he moved parties to the Prosperous Justice Party (PKS) in late 2017. Due to this, PPP replaced him in the council with Abdul Aziz.
He ran in the 2019 legislative election under PKS from Banten's 1st electoral district, and was elected back into the legislature.
Natakusumah is married to Irna Narulita, who also served as regent in Pandeglang and a member of the People's Representative Council between 2014 and 2016. Out of the couple's children, three are set to run in the 2019 legislative election, two of which in the same district as Natakusumah while running from different parties (one from the Nasdem Party and one from the Democratic Party).
Telephone services are provided by KCOM and in 2013 a superfast fibre optic broadband service was made available.
Kalluvathukkal is a village in the Kollam district of the Indian state of Kerala. NH 47 passes through the village. Kalluvathukkal panchayat has its own school for classes from the 5th to 10th standard. A small stadium is located next to the school. The nearest town is Chathannoor.
According to the 2011 Census of India, Kalluvathukkal's population is 21,555 people, including 10,065 males and 11,490 females.
The nearest airport is Trivandrum International Airport, approximately 44 kilometers south on  National Highway 66.
The 1910 Minnesota gubernatorial election took place on November 8, 1910. Republican Party of Minnesota candidate Adolph Olson Eberhart defeated Democratic Party of Minnesota challenger James Gray.
In the second half of the 20th century, the university was recognized for its research with the designations sea-grant university and space-grant university. The school was further honored in 1997 with the establishment of the George Bush Presidential Library on the western edge of the campus.
Despite its name, the college taught no classes in agriculture, instead concentrating on classical studies, languages, literature, and applied mathematics. After four years, students could attain degrees in scientific agriculture, civil and mining engineering, and language and literature. Local farmers complained that the college was abusing its mission, and, in November 1879, the president and faculty were replaced and given a mandated curriculum in agriculture and engineering.
During these early years, student life was molded by the Corps of Cadets. The Corps was divided into a battalion of three companies, and rivalry among the companies was strong, giving birth to the Aggie spirit and future traditions. No bonfires, yell practices, or athletics teams existed as yet, and social clubs and fraternities were discouraged.
The two Texas schools quickly began to battle over the limited funds that the state legislature made available for higher education. In 1887, the Texas Agricultural Experiment Station was established at Texas A.M.C., enabling the college to gain more funding. Many residents of the state saw little need for two colleges in Texas, and some wanted to close the agricultural and mechanical school.
Texas A.M.C. president Lawrence Sullivan Ross, known affectionately to students as "Sully", is credited for saving the school from closure and transforming it into a respected military institution. Ross, the immediate past governor of Texas, had been a well-respected Confederate Brigadier General and enjoyed a good reputation among state residents.
Under Ross's seven and one-half year tenure, many enduring Aggie traditions formed. These traditions include the first Aggie Ring, the first yearbook, and the formation of the Aggie Band. Ross's tenure also saw the college's first intercollegiate football game, played against the University of Texas.
During this time, women were also given a more official standing. The Texas Legislature in 1911 refused to give A&M permission to hold a summer semester unless women were also permitted to attend. For the next several decades during the summers cadets were not required to be in uniform and women could attend class and participate in intramural activities.
Texas A&M Hillel, the oldest Hillel organization in the United States, was founded in 1920. The organization occurred three years before the national Hillel Foundation was organized at the University of Illinois.
Texas A&M expanded its degree offerings in the late 1930s and awarded its first Ph.D. in 1940. Other programs at the college likewise began offering doctoral degrees throughout the next few decades.
Enrollment soared as many former soldiers used the G.I. Bill to further their education. Unprepared for the growth, between 1949 and 1953 Texas A&M used the former Bryan Air Force Base as an extension of the campus. An estimated 5,500 men lived, studied, ate, showered, and attended classes at the base, which became known as the Annex (and later as Riverside Campus).
With Rudder's strong encouragement, in 1963, the A&M Board of Directors officially reversed their stance on admitting women. The wives and daughters of faculty, staff and students as well as female staff members were finally allowed to officially participate in undergraduate programs, although they were not permitted to join the Corps of Cadets.
When Rudder died in 1970, after 11 years as president of the school, Texas A&M University had grown to more than 14,000 students from all 50 states and 75 nations. The school had become coeducational and had even begun construction of an all-female dormitory. The curriculum had been broadened, with upgraded academic and faculty standards, and the school had initiated a multimillion-dollar building program.
Texas A&M's would continue its growth spurt after Rudder's death. On September 17, 1971, Texas A&M University was one of the first four institutions to be designated a sea-grant college in recognition of oceanographic development and research. A third designation was added on August 31, 1989, when Texas A&M was named a space-grant college. The university remains one of few institutions nationwide to hold designations as a land-, sea-, and space-grant college.
The case set a national precedent by removing legal restrictions on gay rights groups on campuses.  The subsequent recognition of the group provided a university precedent for allowing social organizations.  In 1977, the university had also denied recognition to Sigma Phi Epsilon, a national social fraternity, because its presence on campus might result in "a social caste system".
To coincide with the opening of the George Bush Presidential Library, Texas A&M established the George Bush School of Government and Public Service. The school, which offers a master's degree in Public Service and Administration (MPSA) and one in policy and international affairs (MPIA) as well as two research degrees, officially launched in 1997. It became a separate school within the university in 1999.
On November 25, 1999, the date that Bonfire would have burned, Aggies instead held a vigil and remembrance ceremony on site. Over 40,000 people, including former President George H.W. Bush and his wife Barbara and then-Texas governor George W. Bush and his wife Laura, lit candles and observed up to two hours of silence at the site of the Bonfire collapse.
A commission put together by Texas A&M University discovered that a number of factors led to the Bonfire collapse, including "excessive internal stresses" on the logs and "inadequate containment strength", where the wiring used to tie the logs together was not strong enough. The wiring broke after logs from upper tiers were "wedged" into lower tiers.
With strong support from Rice University and the University of Texas at Austin, the Association of American Universities inducted Texas A&M in May 2001, based on the depth of the university's research and academic programs. Furthermore, in 2004, the honors organization Phi Beta Kappa opened its 265th chapter at Texas A&M.
On December 18, 2006, former Texas A&M University president Robert M. Gates was sworn in as the 22nd U.S. Secretary of Defense. Gates's successor, Elsa Murano, on January 3, 2008, became both the university's first female and first Hispanic president.
As of 2012, the university had an enrollment of more than 50,000, making the school the largest university in Texas. By 2020, this number swelled even further to over 71,000 students enrolled making it the largest public university in the nation.
In 2013, Texas A&M Health Science Center was formally merged into the university. While the bulk of the health science center is located on main campus the health science center maintains campuses in Dallas, Houston, Round Rock and Temple. Of note is the Texas A&M University College of Dentistry. This campus, formerly the Baylor University School of Dentistry, was added to the health science center in 1996.
Also in 2013, the university purchased the Texas Wesleyan University School of Law and renamed it the Texas A&M School of Law.  This campus is located in Fort Worth, Texas.
In 1962, Texas A&M was granted control of Bryan Air Force Base. This campus, formerly named Texas A&M Riverside Campus, was an extension of the main campus. This campus was transferred away from the Texas A&M proper to the Texas A&M University System in September 2015.
In 1914, Texas A&M became a charter member of the Southwest Conference until its dissolution in 1996. Texas A&M subsequently joined the Big Eight with The University of Texas at Austin, Baylor, and Texas Tech to form the Big 12 Conference.  Texas A&M left the Big 12 Conference for the Southeastern Conference on July 1, 2012.  This ended Texas A&M's scheduled NCAA athletic competitions with its Texas Southwest Conference rivals.
As of the end of the 2012 athletics season, Texas A&M has won 17 national titles in all of its varsity sports. The school has two Heisman Trophy winners: John David Crow in 1957 and the 2012 winner, Johnny Manziel.
Hungpung also called as Hundung is a village located south  in Ukhrul district, Manipur state, India. The village falls under Ukhrul sub division.  HAO (Animism) religion was strictly practiced in the kingdom of "KHAYAIWUNG" i,e Kingdom of Hungpung Haokok.
The MLA from Ukhrul constituency from 2012 to 2017 was Samuel Risom who hails from Hungpung village.
In astrophysics, a bow shock occurs when the magnetosphere of an astrophysical object interacts with the nearby flowing ambient plasma such as the solar wind.  For Earth and other magnetized planets, it is the boundary at which the speed of the stellar wind abruptly drops as a result of its approach to the magnetopause. For stars, this boundary is typically the edge of the astrosphere, where the stellar wind meets the interstellar medium.
Bow shocks form at comets as a result of the interaction between the solar wind and the cometary ionosphere. Far away from the Sun, a comet is an icy boulder without an atmosphere. As it approaches the Sun, the heat of the sunlight causes gas to be released from the cometary nucleus, creating an atmosphere called a coma. The coma is partially ionized by the sunlight, and when the solar wind passes through this ion coma, the bow shock appears.
However, data obtained in 2012 from NASA's Interstellar Boundary Explorer (IBEX) indicates the lack of any solar bow shock. Along with corroborating results from the Voyager spacecraft, these findings have motivated some theoretical refinements; current thinking is that formation of a bow shock is prevented, at least in the galactic region through which the Sun is passing, by a combination of the strength of the local interstellar magnetic-field and of the relative velocity of the heliosphere.
Bow shocks are also a common feature in Herbig Haro objects, in which a much stronger collimated outflow of gas and dust from the star interacts with the interstellar medium, producing bright bow shocks that are visible at optical wavelengths.
The following images show further evidence of bow shock existence from dense gases and plasma in the Orion Nebula.
A similar effect, known as the magnetic draping effect, occurs when a super-Alfvenic plasma flow impacts an unmagnetized object such as what happens when the solar wind reaches the ionosphere of Venus: the flow deflects around the object draping the magnetic field along the wake flow.
This biographical article related to a Russian boxer is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The first game at Momentum Bank Ballpark was played in 2002. It was named the "Best New Park of 2002" by BaseballParks.com. Momentum Bank Ballpark was originally known as First American Bank Ballpark, but the name was changed in 2005 after Citibank acquired First American Bank of Bryan, Texas. In 2014, the ballpark was again renamed to Security Bank Ballpark. It became Momentum Bank Ballpark in 2020. The ballpark replaced the old Christensen Stadium, the former home of the RockHounds.
The species probably does not belong in Xenomigia, but has not been placed in another genus yet. The species is only known from the female type and is impossible to place in an existing Dioptinae genus.
Nelly Island is the largest and easternmost of the Frazier Islands, lying in Vincennes Bay off Wilkes Land, East Antarctica.
The Frazier Islands were delineated from aerial photographs taken by US Navy's Operation Highjump in February 1947. Nelly Island was visited on 21 January 1956 by a party of the Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions (ANARE) who established an astronomical control station there. It was so named by ANARE because of the giant petrels, or nellies, nesting there.
The island forms part of the Frazier Islands Antarctic Specially Protected Area (ASPA) No.160 because it supports one of only four known breeding colonies of southern giant petrels on continental Antarctica.
Mohamed et al. v. Jeppesen Dataplan, Inc., is a case brought by the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) on behalf of five victims of extraordinary renditions against Jeppesen Dataplan, Inc., which had provided services that the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) used to perform renditions.
On November 16, 2006, Amnesty International staged a demonstration in front of the company's International Trip and Flight Planning Office in San Jose, California to protest their involvement in the rendition program. In December 2006 representatives of the South Bay Mobilization for Peace and Justice group asked the San Jose City Council to remove a Jeppesen banner from a city skating rink. The group also holds a weekly vigil at the company's offices.
On May 16, 2011, the Supreme Court declined to review the decision of the Ninth Circuit to dismiss the case.
Gunvor Ulstein (born June 11, 1969) is a Norwegian businesswoman. She has been CEO of Ulstein Group since 2003, and is managing director of the subsidiary Ulstein Shipping.
Vasant Prabhu acted in a few films under National Studios banner around 1939 as a child artiste, under the name Master Vasant. In the film Comrades (1939), he was one of the voices in the chorus and on the screen for the song 'wo chamak chamak kar taare' under the music direction of Anil Biswas.
Prabhu's biography in Marathi has been written by Madhu Potdar and published by Manjul Prakashan under the name "Manasicha Chitrakaar To", which is also a song he composed. In October 2008, Soham Pratishthan and Anubodh organized a show "Swarprabhu - Vasant Prabhu" in his memory at Vile Parle, Mumbai.
Bigfork Township is a township in Itasca County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 321 at the 2010 census.
There were 124 households, out of which 29.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.7% were married couples living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.0% were non-families. 17.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 2.83.
In the township the population was spread out, with 24.4% under the age of 18, 6.4% from 18 to 24, 19.3% from 25 to 44, 28.9% from 45 to 64, and 20.9% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.5 males.
The median income for a household in the township was $38,125, and the median income for a family was $41,750. Males had a median income of $27,813 versus $27,500 for females. The per capita income for the township was $24,359.  About 1.8% of families and 3.0% of the population were below the poverty line, including none of those under age 18 and 8.1% of those age 65 or over.
Nick Afanasiev (born July 29, 1989) is a Russian-born American actor, known for having the longest tongue in recorded history. Afanasiev's tongue is nine centimeters (3.54 inches) long, and is considered the longest tongue in America.
Afanasiev has appeared in independent films, television pilots, an episode of Animal Planet's Killer Outbreaks, and commercials for CCM Hockey Gear, Cornetto Ice Cream, and Mopar. In 2011, he starred in the Travis Fort film 2012: Ice Age. His tongue has been showcased on numerous television shows around the world. He performs tricks such as licking his elbow, licking his eye, text messaging with his tongue, and licking ice cream from the tip of his nose.
Afanasiev was born in Moscow, Russia, and moved to the United States at the age of seven. In 2008, a video featuring Afanasiev's tongue became an internet sensation. In response to the popularity of that video, Afanasiev was cast for an episode of the Nickelodeon show iCarly.[citation needed] In addition to iCarly, Afanasiev has appeared on television shows around the world, including The Tyra Banks Show, Tonight Show with Jay Leno, and TruTV's Smoking Gun Presents.
By the time the group was founded, Merlo had been active in radical activities for years; he fought with the People's Revolutionary Army (ERP) in the 1970s. This organization was responsible for kidnappings and bombings in the 1970s; later went on to collaborate with the Sandinistas to assassinate former Nicaraguan dictator Anastasio Somoza Debayle on September 17, 1980, who was living in exile in Paraguay. The group was created in 1985 and ceased activities four years later.
After six years in exile Merlo was arrested by the Argentine government in Mexico in 1995 and sentenced to life in prison. Pardoned in May 2003 by Eduardo Duhalde, then-president, he quietly returned to civilian life, and died in 2006 of cardiac arrest.
The Elbe-class replenishment ships are also known tenders of the German Navy. In German, this type of ship is called Versorgungsschiffe which can be translated as "supply ship" though the official translation in English is "replenishment ship". 
Rhein was launched in March 1993 in Bremen-Vegesack, Germany. She was commissioned on 1 September 1993.
On 20 June 2018, Rhein left her home port of Kiel. The ship, which is part of the support squadron, will be the flagship of the Standing NATO Mine Countermeasures Group 2 (SNMCMG2) and the Black Sea for the next six months.
Opening Ceremony  is a fashion brand founded in 2002  by fashion designers Carol Lim and Humberto Leon. The brand designs and creates its own products and also  retails other emerging fashion labels. Opening Ceremony is known for exotic runway shows and advocating global issues. During the COVID-19 pandemic the company announced it would close all its physical stores due to bankruptcy.
Carol Lim was inspired in Hong Kong and to open her own fashion line Opening Ceremony in New York in September 2002. The Tokyo store, located in Shibuya, was ranked by American magazine Complex as the 4th best store in the world in 2013.
On January 13, 2020, the company was acquired by New Guards Group, a cartel that owns Off-White and other well-known streetwear brands. On January 14, Lim and Leon announced that the company's retail stores would be closing at some point in the year.
In 2015, Opening Ceremony held its Ready-to-wear Spring 2016 fashion show in a live garden to showcase their upcoming assortment of outfits. Instead of models walking down the runway as usual, they purposely collapsed to the ground and rose up into a contemporary dance choreographed by Justin Peck, resident choreographer for the New York City Ballet.
With an overarching theme of ballet, architecture and exotic travel away from home, the collection included Asian Bonsai tree embroidery, African textiles, khaki cargo pants and dresses, and Moorish arches inspired structural silhouettes.
Ready-to-wear collections, as the name suggests, encompass clothes that are immediately ready to be sold in a store. Unlike bespoke clothing, these clothes are produced in standard sizes that fit most people and require little to no alterations.
Fall collections are showcased during February and March internationally. They persist of clothes that are suitable for the Autumn and Winter seasons- coats, knits, etc.
Drawing from all the latest trends, the designers presented a range of crafty knitwear, sporty graphics, prairie dresses and carpenter pants infused with enlarged and repeated prints of Mickey.
Leon and Lim merged their own experience on vacations, to imitate a fantastical journey for their Spring 2019 clothing. A repetition of flowy summer frocks and funky floral prints, toned down with all-black outfits are observed.
Spring collections are showcased in September and consist of clothes like dresses, skirts and shorts.
For their 2019 February fashion look-book, the co-founders recognised their Asian heritage and culture, by recruiting Asian-American pioneers as their muses.
Leon and Lim, both of Asian descent, were inspired by their own and others' journeys of succeeding in an environment where Asians are a minority. The look-book features different Asian pioneers from a range of industries, like the music and culinary industry. Musician and composer Ryuichi Sakamoto, chef Angela Dimayuga, and designer Anna Sui were of the few featured.
 The Opening Ceremony designers aimed to spread a positive message of inclusivity in the fashion industry and recognition to all the Asian creatives working to solidify their own identity in a space where they are not fully represented.
In 2010, the brand collaborated with Maison Margiela, a French luxury fashion house. This collaboration was Maison Margiela's first co-branded project in its history. The product outcome was a white Bic pen with the classic Maison Margiela labelling and a plume. The two brands decided to further collaborate in 2011 and designed a whole womenswear line for Margiela's MM6 label.
An unexpected collaboration was in 2018 with Crosby studios, a Moscow-based design studio. In lieu of New York Design week, Opening Ceremony and the design studio merged contemporary with playful aesthetics to create a collection of tables, chairs and other small furniture pieces in a monochromatic royal purple colour.
In 2011, Lim became the creative director of the brand Kenzo, owned by the multinational corporation, LVMH.
After collaborations with multiple brands, the two designers wanted to work further with individual brands, as they thought they could "affect the bigger business." Everyone turned them down except brand Kenzo.
The designers prepared and presented a pitch in a short amount of time. Their pitch focused on specific alternations of the brand if the two had authoritative power. From the Kenzo experience, aesthetics, interior design of stores to marketing strategies, the duo's attention to detail and long-term vision gave them their new position as the creative directors of Kenzo.
In 2019, Leon and Lim were removed from their positions as co-creative directors at Kenzo. Their last show was on June 23 for Kenzo's 2020 Spring collection.
Opening Ceremony was one of the first retail shops to carry Havaianas and Topshop products. They introduced both, now globally known, brands into the US market. Designer brand, Alexander Wang, has also been selling his products through Opening Ceremony since 2007, along with famous Japanese brand Comme Des Garcons, Proenza Schouler and Rodarte.
The cofounders believed that a person willing to buy expensive or designer garments would also be willing to buy cheap t-shirts, socks and random art pieces.
Through curating their retail stores with multiple brands, Opening Ceremony formed relationships with many designers and put their name out into the industry, Opening Ceremony has been able to advertise their practice and products from loud statements about politics, cultures and people.
A list of famous celebrities have attended Opening Ceremony's shows and have been spotted wearing Opening Ceremony's attire.
American actor Jonah Hill wrote the one-act play Lost Cotton for Opening Ceremony's Spring 2015 Collection. In 2017, Spike Jonze wrote and directed "Changers", a dance performance that starred Lakeith Stanfield and Mia Wasikowska at La MaMa Experimental Theatre Club.
In 2016, Drake wore the bright orange hoodie and sweatpants from the Opening Ceremony x Esprit collection.
Troye Sivan and Nicki Minaj along with other LGBTQIA+ models were in attendance at the brand's Spring 2019 drag inspired fashion show.
He was educated at Eton and Jesus College, Cambridge (BA 1975, and PhD 1986) and the University of Rome, La Sapienza (Diploma di Perfezionamento, 1981).
In 2003, he introduced on site teaching of international relations which includes regular field trips to European institutional sites like Brussels, Geneva and Vienna, as well as to conflict resolution sites like the Basque Country, Northern Ireland, Montenegro and Kosovo, and annual Ghana trip.
Walston published regular articles in Wanted in Rome from 1989 until his death; he also wrote a regular column for Italy Daily (Italian supplement the IHT) from 1999 to 2002, for The Guardian and The Independent.  His blog was Italian Politics with Walston.
Walston was one of the first academics who wrote about forgotten fascist Italy's role in ethnic cleansing and internments of civil population in Italian concentration camps, such as under Mario Roatta's watch in the Province of Ljubljana, that are in Italian media subjected to the repression of historical memory, and to historical revisionism especially in relation to the post-war foibe massacres.
His brother, Jacob Gurland, rabbi of Poltava, is the author of Kebod ha-Bayit, on the rabbinical school of Wilna, 1858.
Arrow in the Air is a 1957 British TV play based on the Cyprus Emergency, although Cyprus was fictionalised as "Solaro". It starred Nicholas Amer.
In 1984 she was a member of the Chinese handball team which won the bronze medal. She played all five matches and scored twenty goals.
Four years later she was part of the Chinese team which finished sixth. She played all five matches and scored three goals.
This biographical article relating to People's Republic of China team handball is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Local government elections took place in London, and some other parts of the United Kingdom on Thursday 8 May 1986.
All London borough council seats were up for election.  The previous Borough elections in London were in 1982. The Labour Party won the most votes and seats in London for the first time since 1974. The party won the most seats in London in 7 out of the next 8 elections.
Franck Moutsinga (born 12 August 1985) is a German international rugby union player, playing for the Berliner RC in the Rugby-Bundesliga and the German national rugby union team.
Moutsinga started playing rugby for the Berliner Rugby Club when he was five years old, in 1990. He is currently playing for the Berliner Rugby Club, together with Gerrit van Look and Colin Grzanna, another two players of the German national team. Before playing in the German 1st XV and German Sevens Side, Moutsinga played two Under 19 World Championships in Italy (2002) and France (2003).
Playing for Berlin for the most part of his career, Moutsinga spent the 2005/06 season with the Racing Club Strasbourg in France (2nd Amateur League) before returning to Berlin again.
Desmia girtealis is a moth in the family Crambidae. It was described by Schaus in 1920. It is found in Peru.
Beacon College Ltd., doing business as Beacon College, is a cram school in Hong Kong. It was founded in 1989 by June Leung, Christine Ng and Richard Eng in Yuen Long. The school provides secondary tutorial classes for students sitting for the Hong Kong Diploma of Secondary Education, day-time secondary courses, pre-education courses and life-learning courses.
The company is reported to be the largest private supplementary secondary school education services provider in Hong Kong. The BExcellent Group is the listed parent company of Beacon College. It was created through a corporate restructuring of the Beacon Group on June 30, 2018.
Beacon College was founded in 1989, and was then expanded to different regions in Hong Kong. In 2015, the college applied for their IPO but was rejected in 2016.
In November 2017, Beacon applied for their IPO again under the name of BExcellent Group Holdings Ltd. In June 2018, it became a listed company, marking the company the second of its kind to go public, after Modern Education.
In 2015, Lam Yat-yan (also known as YY Lam), Beacon's Chinese Language tutor, received an open letter from opponent company Modern Education, inviting him to join the company after his contract with Beacon College ends. Modern stated that they will offer an annual income of HK$85 million, a four-year contract and additional financial assistance. However, Lam rejected the offer, saying that he had "maintained a good partnership with Beacon College".
In 2016,  Liberal Studies tutor Oscar Ma was reported to have been involved in a sexual relationship with a student. A student who had applied for his lesson posted multiple screenshots and videos of their intimate conversations. Later on, Beacon suspended Ma.
In 2017, English Language tutor Patrick Chan Chi-yung (more commonly known as P Chan) was sued by his former employer Modern Education, where he had taught at for 16 years before he entered Beacon College. The lawsuit includes claims for an alleged breach of contract, a third party copyright infringement, and other financial costs, asking for a total of HK$36.3 million.
"One Piece at a Time" is a country novelty song written by Wayne Kemp and recorded by Johnny Cash and the Tennessee Three in 1976. It was the last song performed by Cash to reach No. 1 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles chart and the last of Cash's songs to reach the Billboard Hot 100, on which it peaked at No. 29.
The narrator leaves his home in Kentucky in 1949 to pursue work at General Motors in Detroit, Michigan, installing wheels on Cadillacs, watching each one roll by day after day on the assembly line, knowing that he will never be able to afford one of his own.
Beginning almost immediately, the narrator and a co-worker decide to "steal" a Cadillac by way of using their assembly line jobs to obtain the parts via salami slicing. He takes the small parts home hidden in his unusually large lunch box; larger parts are smuggled out in his co-worker's motorhome.
The song ends with a CB radio conversation between the narrator and a truck driver inquiring about the "psychobilly Cadillac", in which the singer replies, "you might say I went right up to the factory and picked it up; it's cheaper that way", then when asked what model it is describes it as model years 1949 up to 1970
He remained in central Arizona, where he worked in mining again for several years and ran a livery stable in Prescott.  Much of his mining work was as engineer of the mill at the Big Bug mine. In 1868, Monihon sold the livery business, the Plaza Feed and Livery Stable, to Gideon Brooke and Jacob Linn.
In 1870, he was a signatory to the formation of the Salt River Valley Town Association, the first government of the area that became Phoenix. On January 17, 1871, he planted the first Cottonwood tree in the town.
He partnered with Captain Hancock in 1871 to erect the first Maricopa County Courthouse which they rented to the county as the seat of the county government. The city's first public school was located there and the first District Court for Maricopa County held its initial session in the building which also acted as the civic center of the city. When the county moved out in 1875, the building was used as a Justice of the Peace office for many years.
In the first section, King Vajiravudh states that "according to royal tradition, Siamese Kings have the sole power and prerogative to designate any descendant of the royal family as heir to the throne". Explaining why this new law was needed, King Vajiravudh wrote:
According to King Vajiravudh, it was his father's intention to bring Thai royal successions into closer line with those of other nations. The important principles established by the law concern the king's right to name or remove an heir apparent, the procedures to be used if the king has not named an heir apparent, and also a description of the suitable characteristics for an heir to the throne.
The reigning king has absolute power to name any royal male as heir apparent, and upon being announced publicly, the "position of such heir is secure and indisputable":
The king also has absolute power to remove an heir apparent from the position. If he does so, "his entire lineage is removed from any claim to the throne":
While Section 9 ranks those eligible for kingship, the law's next set of clause entitled, "On those who must be excluded from the line of succession", describes what might disqualify a potential heir to the throne.
"Whoever is to ascend to the throne should be one from the masses fully respect and can be contentedly taken as their protector. Therefore any member of the royalty whom the multitude holds as loathsome, such person should forswear the path to succession in order to remove the worry from the king and the people from the realm."
Other points in the law provide guidance for when the new king is a minor under 20 years of age (a member of the royalty is to be named as regent and the two most senior privy councillors are to act as advisers). Procedures were also put in place for future kings to amend the law. They are advised to keep in mind that the law was written to strengthen the dynasty, and that amendments required approval from two-thirds of the Privy Council.
The law based on the principle of male primogeniture, with first in line being the eldest son of the previous monarch and second in line being the next-oldest son, and so on.  The law expressly ruled against women ascending the throne (this clause was abrogated in the 1997 Constitution).
This line of succession was followed when King Vajiravudh died on 26 November 1925, with Prince Prajadhipok succeeding as King Rama VII. Neither King Vajiravudh nor his successor had sons. The latter was childless while the former's only offspring was a daughter, who was born two days before his death and was excluded from the line of succession under Section 13 of the Palace Law.
The 1997 constitution of Thailand, like most preceding Thai constitutions, continued to rely on the Palace Law with regards to succession.  However, the 2006 Interim Constitution does not contain any articles regarding succession, and instead, left it to "constitutional practice." Sections 22 and 23 of the 2007 Constitution dealing with succession again relied on the Palace Law.
Recent constitutions of Thailand have made the amendment of the Palace Law of Succession the sole prerogative of the reigning King. According to Gothom Arya, former Election Commissioner, this allows the reigning king, if he so chooses, to appoint his son or any of his daughters to the Throne.
The Palace Law of Succession, the Constitutions of Thailand, and the appointment of Prince Vajiralongkorn as successor in 1972 left nothing uncertain about the succession - upon the death of King Rama IX, the Cabinet was legally bound to inform the president of the National Assembly, which was in turn legally bound to invite Crown Prince Vajiralongkorn to become king.
On the evening of 13 October 2016, Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-cha announced "Dear Thai people, His Majesty the King Bhumibol Adulyadej, the Ninth of His Dynasty, has passed away. Long live His Majesty the King of the New Reign."  Parliament was scheduled for a meeting at 9 pm, and some news outlets assumed that this meant that Crown Prince Vajiralongkorn would be proclaimed King.
"Right now we have no king," said Peerasak Porjit, vice president of the National Legislative Assembly on 14 October.  "So, all of the royal duties of a king must be done through the regent."  He confirmed that General Prem Tinsulanonda, President of the Privy council, was regent indefinitely, in accordance with the Constitution.  Some succession law experts have expressed puzzlement at the lack of succession.
2.The proposal of the name of a Princess to the throne, there has been an amendment to the constitution since 1974. Therefore, the lineage of the King Bhumibol Adulyadej is counted in accordance with the constitution amended in his reign.
After avenging the death of his brother, Chen Shen (Bruce Li) returns home from Shanghai. He tells his mother (who went blind from crying over her son's death) that he will no longer fight. Japanese occupiers who are aware of Chen's history terrorize his family by, among other things, vandalizing his mother's store and beating up his brother. Later, they frame Chen for a murder. After the Japanese boss arrives in town and causes a ruckus, Chen breaks out of jail for a final confrontation.
This article related to a Hong Kong film of the 1970s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
A traditional Chinese motif, the fight between the fenghuang, or Chinese phoenix, and the dragon, is seen in an Anatolian carpet at the Pergamon Museum, Berlin. Radiocarbon dating confirmed that the "Dragon and Phoenix" carpet was woven in the mid 15th century, during the early Ottoman Empire. It is knotted with symmetric knots. The Chinese motif was probably introduced into Islamic art by the Mongols, or artists working for them, during the thirteenth century.
The Phoenix and Dragon carpet was first described in 1881 by Julius Lessing, and Wilhelm von Bode in 1895. Since then the Dragon and Phoenix carpet has been referred to in many books on Oriental carpets.
A similar fragment was discovered in Fustat, with dragon and phoenix depicted in combat on a yellow field. The animals in this fragment are depicted in red, and outlined in blue. The minor border shows a variant of the "kufic" borders known from other Seljuq period carpets.
The illustrated rugs are generally drawn by the early Renaissance painters in a simplified manner, compared to the original carpet designs. The artists may sometimes have painted the animals out of their imagination, but the general appearance of the painted rugs still resembles the originals.
A general compositional analysis of the animal-style rugs from Renaissance paintings was first developed by Kurt Erdmann. The field of animal carpets is usually divided into rectangular compartments, large or small. Each compartment contains an octagon, which in turn contains animal figures of four types:
One of the first Oriental carpets in a European painting, attributed to the legendary Friar Bartolomeo, Annunciation, 13th Century, the Church of Santissima Annunziata, Florence.
The Pergamon Museum's "Phoenix and Dragon" finds its painted counterparts in Domenico di Bartolo's "The Marriage of the Foundlings" (1440) shows a very similar rug, as well as Alesso Baldovinetti's "Tale of Saint Vincenzo Ferrerio", and Jacopo Bellini's "Annunciation".
Domenico di Bartolo's The Marriage of the Foundlings features a large carpet with a Chinese-inspired phoenix-and-dragon pattern, 1440
Mathematical chemistry is the area of research engaged in novel applications of mathematics to chemistry; it concerns itself principally with the mathematical modeling of chemical phenomena. Mathematical chemistry has also sometimes been called computer chemistry, but should not be confused with computational chemistry.
Major areas of research in mathematical chemistry include chemical graph theory, which deals with topology such as the mathematical study of isomerism and the development of topological descriptors or indices which find application in quantitative structure-property relationships; and chemical aspects of group theory, which finds applications in stereochemistry and quantum chemistry.
The mosque was built in 1347 on the orders of the emir ("prince") Shams ad-Din Aqsunqur during the reign of the Mamluk sultan, al-Muzaffar Hajji. Aqsunqur was the son-in-law of former sultan an-Nasir Muhammad and one of the more prominent emirs of the latter's court. Aqsunqur's influence in the affairs of the sultanate grew during the reign of an-Nasir's successors following his death in 1340.
Ibrahim Agha built his mausoleum, which was also decorated with marble tiles, in the southern hall. It was constructed using the typical Mamluk architectural style and included a mihrab ("prayer niche") resembling the mausoleums of Mamluk emirs also located in the mosque complex. In line with Ottoman tradition at the time, the Aqsunqur Mosque was officially renamed after its restorer as the "Ibrahim Agha Mosque." The latter name was not used frequently.
The Aga Khan Trust for Culture (AKTC) in conjunction with the World Monuments Fund began a restoration project of the mosque in 2009. The Mosque opened to the public in May 2015 after the completion of a six-year renovation project. The mosque was inaugurated in presence of Antiquities Minister Mamdouh el-Damaty, the Aga Khan, the Chairman of the Aga Khan Development Network, and Cairo governor Galal Saeed.
Renovation work focused structural stability, conservation of the interior and roof repair. Today, the Aqsunqur Mosque is a major destination for tourists visiting Egypt.
Kujuk's mausoleum is situated at the portal's northern side and has two facades facing the street. Of the two alternative entrances, one opens into the southern arcade while the other opens between the northern and western arcades. Unlike other tombs in Cairo, Kujuk's mausoleum, which predates the mosque, is not aligned according to the qibla ("orientation with Mecca") and instead is aligned with the street. This structure is the principal feature unique to other major mosques in Egypt.
Above the prayer hall sits a brick one-bay dome carried on four brick squinches. A large brick dome supported by brick squinches is also situated atop the mausoleum of Kujuk. However, the latter has a pendentive below each squinch. When the mosque was originally built this technique of using plain squinches was considered classical. Two stone domes are located over the mausoleum of Tankizbugha and another stone dome is built above the tomb of Umm as-Sultan al-Sha'ban.
When it appeared Eguiguren was winning, Benavides ordered the count to be suspended on the basis that members of the banned APRA had voted for him. At the point it was stopped on 21 October, with 70 of the 119 provinces having completed the count, Eguiguren had 74,485 votes, or 37% of the total.
Calfactant, also known as Infasurf, is an intratracheal suspension derived from the natural surfactant in calf lungs. It is used in premature infants with lung surfactant deficiency that causes infant respiratory distress syndrome (IRDS).
Lung surfactant is essential for effective ventilation as it modifies alveolar surface tension. IRDS is caused by a lung surfactant deficiency. Calfactant serves as a substitute for the natural surfactant.
This drug article relating to the respiratory system is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Millepora alcicornis feeds on plankton. The tentacles of the dactylzooids are normally extended all the time. If an object is waved about above the coral, it will cause the tentacles to retract and then the coral can be handled without experiencing the painful stings caused by the cnidocytes.
A number of species of shrimp and fish take refuge among the branches of Millepora alcicornis, seemingly immune to the venom. Hawkfish in particular often perch on top of the fire coral, perhaps protected by their skinless pectoral fins. Perhaps unsurprisingly, Millepora alcicornis has few predators. The fireworm (Hermodice carunculata) sometimes grazes on it, but prefers other corals. Certain nudibranchs in the genus Phyllidia eat it as do filefish in the family Monacanthidae.
Millepora alcicornis has no commercial uses but is sometimes kept in reef aquaria. It requires high water movement and bright light to flourish and its health can be judged by its colour, a yellow hue showing health whereas a darker brown colour can indicate too little light. It can be difficult to control because it grows fast and spreads over other objects in the tank.
In 1999, Colin Roberts sent Ian Stewart a package containing a letter and two sphericon models. In response, Stewart wrote an article "Cone with a Twist" in his Mathematical Recreations column of Scientific American. This sparked quite a bit of interest in the shape, and has been used by Tony Phillips to develop theories about mazes. Robert's name for the shape, the sphericon, was taken by Hirsch as the name for his company, Sphericon Ltd.
 The 1983 Lifesaving World Championships were held between 17 and 21 April 1983, on the island of Oahu in Hawaii, United States of America. Twenty-two ocean and beach events were contested at several beach venues, including: North Beach; Makapuu Beach; Waikiki; and Bellows Beach.
Antispila cornifoliella is a moth of the family Heliozelidae. It is found in North America, including Alberta, Maryland, Ohio, Ontario, Pennsylvania and Quebec.
The larvae feed on Cornus species. They mine the leaves of their host plant, typically in September.
In the larva, the head and shield are dark brown. Most of the rest of its body is white. For adults, the body is mostly dark brown, with purplish brown hind wings.
The Rubber Stamp Film is a 1983 7 minute 16mm short animated film by Joanna Priestley, using rubber stamped images and drawings on paper. The film was directed, produced, and animated by Priestley with sound designed and produced by R. Dennis Wiancko.
In 1977, Joanna Priestley created a novelty rubber stamp company and sold stamps through the mail and at the Portland Saturday Market. In 1979 she purchased index cards at her local grocery store in Sisters, Oregon and began experimenting with animating rubber stamped images. For two years, all of the stamps that she used were part of her own collection. In 1981 she found two rubber stamp collectors in Portland, Oregon, who let her borrow stamps from their large collections to use in the film.
The Rubber Stamp Film was released in 1983 and the world premiere was at the Telluride Film Festival in Colorado, USA. The film was re-released on DVD in 2006 by Microcinema International. and it was screened in April 2009 a retrospective of Priestley's works in April 2009 at REDCAT in Los Angeles, CA and on October 18, 2019 at a retrospective at the Sweaty Eyeballs Animation Invitational in Baltimore, MD.
Hideya Tanaka joined J1 League club Albirex Niigata in 2005. In 2006, he moved to S.League club Albirex Niigata Singapore. In 2007, he backed to Albirex Niigata. He moved to Kataller Toyama in 2008 and Kamatamare Sanuki in 2009.
This biographical article related to a Japanese association football defender born in the 1980s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Oliver Fernandez (Orizaba, 7 December 1972) is a former professional tennis player from Mexico. He was captain of Mexico's Davis Cup side. Today he is a successful businessman.
Fernandez had a good year on the juniors circuit in 1990, finishing the season as the number three junior in the world. He was runner-up to Andrei Medvedev in the Orange Bowl and made the semi-finals of the boys' singles event at the 1990 Australian Open. The man who beat him in the semi-final, Dirk Dier, had been his doubles partner when he made the 1989 US Open boys' doubles quarter-finals.
Her works have been used in the artwork of various record covers, including a number of albums by Stan Getz. Stan Getz:
The Utah Golden Spikers was an American soccer club based in Salt Lake City, Utah that was a member of the American Soccer League. The team became the Utah Pioneers, a new franchise with new owners, during the latter stages of their only season, after the Golden Spikers were ousted from the league for nonpayment of their financial obligations.
Eleven unpublished chapters were found in 2001, a kind of prequel to the stories in the book. These were organized with the help of Fiep Westendorp (Schmidt had died already), and were then published as Pluk Redt de Dieren (Pluk Saves the Animals). That book was published in 2004 and sold 150,000 copies, making it the best-selling Dutch children's book of the year.
Brace Henry Arquiza (born December 12, 2000) is a Filipino actor, model, dancer and singer from Cavite City, Philippines. Currently, he is a talent of ABS-CBN and well known for his role as Toffer in the primetime series Bagito. In addition to acting, he got the Grand Champion of the Asap Supahdance Off 2011. He was also known as the member of the boyband Gimme 5.
He along with his friends, Joaquin Reyes, John Emmanuel Lizondra Bermundo, Grae Fernandez and Nash Aguas, founded the boyband Gimme 5.
He made his appearances in several drama series like Wansapanataym: Magic Shoes and Maalaala Mo Kaya: Notebook: Part 2.
The son of Sir Philip Crampton, 1st Baronet, a Dublin doctor and scientist, one of the founders of the Pitt Street Institution in Dublin, Crampton was educated at Eton and at Trinity College, Dublin,  and became a career diplomat.
His later postings included serving as British Minister Plenipotentiary and Envoy Extraordinary at Hanover, from 2 March 1857 until early in 1858, then returned to St Petersburg as Minister Plenipotentiary to the Russian Empire from 31 March 1858 to 1860. He was finally posted as Minister to Madrid, where he served from 11 December 1860. He resigned from his post in Spain with effect from 1 July 1869, when he retired with a pension, after more than forty years' diplomatic service.
Crampton succeeded his father as 2nd Baronet on 10 June 1858. He died on 7 December 1886 at Bushy Park, Enniskerry, County Wicklow, aged 81.
The Translational Centre for Regenerative Medicine (TRM) is a central scientific institution of the University of Leipzig. It focusses on the development of diagnostic and therapeutic concepts in the field of regenerative medicine and their implementation into a clinical setting.
The TRM Leipzig was established in October 2006 with funds from the Federal Ministry of Education and Research, the Free State of Saxony and the University of Leipzig. It is part of the Life Sciences Network Leipzig and one of the initiators of the Regenerative Medicine Initiative Germany (RMIG).
The acting director of TRM Leipzig is Professor Frank Emmrich. The scientific work of TRM Leipzig is guided by two boards. The Executive Board provides the strategic direction of research at the TRM. Expertise and scientific support is given by the Internal Advisory Board which includes experts of science, senior scientists, researchers and entrepreneurs. TRM Leipzig promotes application-oriented and interdisciplinary research projects in four areas:
The TRM Leipzig selects and funds investigator-initiated translational awards that supports young researchers pursuing their own therapy-oriented concepts and extending their innovation potential. Awards can be requested by individual researchers, scientific groups or tandem research teams consisting of clinicians and researchers. Applications for the awards can be submitted anytime.
Cecilioides eulima is a species of  very small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Ferussaciidae.
This article about a Norwegian politician born between 1800 and 1809 is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The game takes place on board a starship in a cyberpunk depiction of 2114. The player assumes the role of a soldier trying to stem the outbreak of a genetic infection that has devastated the ship. Like System Shock, gameplay consists of first-person combat and exploration. It also incorporates role-playing system elements, in which the player can develop skills and traits, such as hacking and psionic abilities.
A demo for the game, featuring a tutorial and a third of the first mission, was released on August 2, 1999. Nine days later, System Shock 2 was shipped to retailers. An enhancement patch was released a month later and added significant features, such as co-operative multiplayer and control over weapon degradation and enemy respawn rates. A port was planned for the Dreamcast but was canceled.
The intellectual property (IP) rights of System Shock 2 were caught for years in complications between Electronic Arts and Meadowbrook Insurance Group (the parent company of Star Insurance Company), the entity that acquired the assets of Looking Glass Studios on their closure, though according to a lawyer for Star Insurance, they themselves have since acquired the lingering intellectual property rights from EA.
Since then, Night Dive Studios also acquired the rights to System Shock, releasing an enhanced version of the game in September 2015. Kick has reported they have acquired full rights to the series since then.
Buck DeFore reviewed the PC version of the game for Next Generation, rating it four stars out of five, and stated that "Bluntly put, System Shock 2 is a welcome visit to the lost arts of the good old days, and an immersive experience as long as you don't mind some of the cobwebs that come along with it."
System Shock 2 won PC Gamer US's 1999 "Best Roleplaying Game" and "Special Achievement in Sound" awards, and was a runner-up in the magazine's overall "Game of the Year" category. The editors of Computer Gaming World nominated it for their "Role-Playing Game of the Year" prize, which ultimately went to Planescape: Torment.
Alongside development of the Enhanced Edition will be a virtual reality (VR) version, though this will release at a later time as the Enhanced Edition. The VR version will use gameplay features that were introduced with Half-Life: Alyx, and will be cross-play compatible in its multiplayer mode with PC users that are not using VR modes.
This biographical article relating to Canadian rowing is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Far East University is located in Gamgok-myeon, Eumseong County, North Chungcheong province, South Korea. It was founded in 1998 by Dr. Taek-hee Lyu. The school flower is the chrysanthemum.
Far East University opened its doors on March 5, 1998. Its first graduating class numbered only 164 students but since then, it has grown rapidly, and by 2009 enrollment had topped 5000.
The undergraduate courses of Far East University are divided among eight colleges and seven independent departments:
This article about a South Korean institution of tertiary education is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
A portion of this freeway (from I-440 to I-540) was formerly designated I-495 from 2013 to 2017. I-495 signs were removed, and mileage markers and exit numbers were changed to reflect the redesignation in May 2019.
I-87 will extend from its current terminus at Rolesville Road to an undetermined location in Norfolk, Virginia. Current plans have the interstate running east along US 64 to Williamston. This section of US 64 is built as a freeway, but will need to be upgraded to Interstate highway standards. In Williamston, the interstate is planned to leave US 64 and begin following an alignment along present-day US 17.
Some of these upgrades are part of the DOT 10-year plan released in 2017, with upgrading of highways around Elizabeth City given a start date of 2023.
As of July 24, 2019, Virginia does not have a timetable to complete their section of Interstate 87. US 17 is a four-lane expressway between the North Carolina state line and Norfolk. State Route 168 is a four-lane expressway for approximately 1.8 miles between the state line and Battlefield Boulevard. North of Battlefield Boulevard, SR 168 is a four lane toll limited access freeway known as the Chesapeake Expressway.
I-87 in North Carolina will eventually have one spur route, I-587, that overlays US 264 to Greenville, North Carolina.
Marathi Keertan Or " Kirtan " is an art of spiritual teaching through story-telling.  It is typically performed by one or two main performers, called Keertankar, accompanied by Harmonium, Castanets/chiplya/Kartal/Khartal, Manjeera/Taal/Jhaanj/cymbals, Tambori, Mridang/Pakhwaj  and Tabla musicians.  It involves singing, acting, dancing, and story-telling, However it is unlike any other performing art as it is basically pure glorification of god and godly acts.
Based on the format and subjects, Keertan / Kirtan has been classified into several types, described in the sections below.
In Indian mythology the story of Bhakta Prahlad is famous for the uninterrupted devotion of a small child towards the almighty God, despite the obstacles created by his own father demon Hiranyakashipu. In the same "Avatar katha" child Prahlad the heavenly prince defines 9 types of "Bhakti" devotion. The relevant shloka  says,
Keertan is also called Hari Keertan, Katha or Harikatha, Sankirtan, Nam sankeertan, etc. Keertan carries a tradition as old as times of age old muni Narada the best devotee of lord Vishnu. Naradiya keertan follows a format that is named after Narada the sacred son of Brahmadev or lord Brahma .
or "Naradiya Kirtan" an age old form of devotion,admire of gods and godly acts,glorification of the almighty,and also a tool used by the performers to keep people updated on the world out of their towns and also to educate the masses about good values of life and very purpose of human life,through a medium of "ONE MAN SHOW" consisting of prose and musical performance given at the temples and other holy places.
There are no hard and fast written rules, and different dress codes are prevalent in different geographic and social environments. However, by convention and as an age old practice and tradition, men wear
The performer has accomplishment of musical instruments like harmonium, drums and string instruments of various types mostly "Zanz","chipali", "Tal" or "Chimata".Performer needs to study a lot of things in literature, music dance, humor and acting. He has to be a good orator and able debating artist. Usually the subjects are full of devotion, sacrifice, kindness, bravery, values of life, extinguishing ills of life, personal development of each individual physically and spiritually.
A lot of reading, practice of debating, musical training, sound memory and all round knowledge only can make a good performer in Keertan.  But after all, the main cause and purpose of Keertan is "glorification of god and godly acts"
The main institute for training is "Keertan Kul", with office situated at Sangli and the "Shankaracharya of Karaveer Peeth " as Chair person.  There are some institutes offering the training in Keertan apart from individual schools and coaching classes in small towns all over India.
These are working as independent autonomous bodies.  Different institutes offer education in different languages as suitable for the students and audiences around e.g. Institutes in Maharashtra prefer Marathi medium while those in Karnataka go for Kannada, Hindi is medium in U P and M.P,and Punjabi in Punjab and so on. Some have started training in various mediums including Hindi and English too along with the local language.
This form was named after Samarth Ramdas.  Here the format is like Naradiya Keertan, only difference is it is based on poetry by Samarth Ramdas, and mostly the stories selected are from "Ramayana". In between chanting is also dedicated to lord Ram, glorifying his deeds and bravery. In his world known book "Dasbodh", Samarth Ramdas has explained in detail how a keertan should be performed effectively.
Varkari Keertan was pioneered by Sant Namdev around 900 years back in Maharashtra.  It is usually based on poetry of 7 famous saints of Maharashtra namely, Saint Nivruttinath, Sant Dnyaneshwar, Sopandev, Muktabai, saint Eknath, Saint Namdev, and Saint Tukaram maharaj.  Sometimes other sayings of saints are chosen.
The show goes for 2 or 3 hours as time permits and is not divided into parts like "Naradiya Keertan".  This form was effectively performed for years by personalities like "Hari Bhakti Parayan" (sincere devotee of god) Sonopant (mama) Dandekar, Dhunda maharaj Deglurkar, Babamaharaj Satarkar, Dekhanebuwa, and many others in modern times. An institute at Alandi near Pune offers training in this form of Keertan.
This format is just like Naradiya Keertan. It was most evolved form that is performed by two persons together. The philosophy is presented from all angles, sometimes contradicting each other. The performance is more interesting as it goes in question-Answer form, sometimes creating a dialogue with audiences also. Finally both the performers come to a conclusion that gives some spiritual lesson for the listeners.
Raphoe North is located in the east of County Donegal, to the east of the River Swilly and the west of the River Foyle; both the River Finn and the Burn Dale flow through the barony.
Safe Sex is a 1999 Greek comedy film written and directed by Michalis Reppas and Thanasis Papathanasiou.  When the film was released in Greece, it was considered a blockbuster.
The film features an ensemble cast of Greek actors portraying various characters, each living his own story in modern Greece. Almost everyone of the protagonists is interrelated to each other, and all live their own parallel stories which often converge at several points. Several professional actors appear briefly or in non-speaking cameo roles.
As a result, there is no central plot or prominent protagonist who may be singled out. The major theme of the movie is sex and each character's approach to it, portrayed in a comedic way.
Caledon Museum, in the town of Caledon, Western Cape, South Africa, is a social history museum displaying and collecting around the themes The Victorian Period in Caledon and The History of People Living in Caledon.  It gets financial support from the province of Western Cape.
The residential house at 11 Constitution Street, was purchased by the museum in 1991 and was restored by the curator Tizzie Mangiagalli to be used as a house museum.
The then director of museums, Mr Brian Wilmot opened the museum on Friday 2 December 1994.  The house depicts the late Victorian period 1870-1900.  In restoring the house all the inside woodwork, windows, ceilings and doors were wood grained, some of the floors had to be replaced, and the walls of all the rooms except the kitchen, pantry and the exhibition room were wallpapered.  The wallpapers were researched typical of that time, samples of wallpapers were found in a house in Mill Street.
In 1996 the museum took over management of the Caledon Town Hall.  This impressive building, located in Plein Street, was completed in 1906 and is a Provincial Heritage Site.  The museum ran a very successful shop, and used part of the building to display the Caledon Family Photographs which it was in the process of collecting.  In 2007 the municipality took back management of the hall, and the museum was entirely located in its premises in Constitution Street.
At the same time that, the Constitution Street house was purchased, the museum also purchased the Masonic Lodge at 16 Constitution Street.  The Lodge, which had been vacant for a time, was renovated to serve as store rooms and offices for the museum.   The Lodge is also used to display various items of furniture and currently houses the Caledon Family Photographs.  The museum has no ties whatsoever to the Freemasons, but the decorative ceiling, original to the Lodge can still be viewed.
The house at 11 Krige Street depicts the Victorian Period in Caledon, in the form of a house museum.  The rooms are decorated with period furniture, house-hold objects and ornaments.  A bedroom, sitting room, study, dining room and kitchen are on display.  The objects on display have been donated to the museum or purchased for display purposes.  
First EIC voyage (1796): Cecilia was under the command of Captain E. H. Palmer and at Calcutta on 18 February 1796. She was at Saugor on 5 March, St Augustine's Bay on 20 June, the Cape of Good Hope on 31 August, and St Helena on 17 September, and Crookhaven on 26 November. She arrived at Long Reach on 16 December.
The government engaged Cecilia as a transport to support General Sir David Baird's expedition to the Red Sea, which in turn had the objective of supporting General Sir Ralph Abercrombie at the battle of Alexandria.
The New Oriental Register... for 1802 gives her owner as Lambert, Ross, & Co., and her master as Captain Thomas Thomas.
Second EIC voyage (1803): Captain Thomas Thomas left Calcutta on 28 November 1802 and passed Saugor on 28 January 1803, bound for England. Cecilia reached St Helena on 15 April and arrived at Deptford on 9 June.
Cecilia sailed on 5 December 1803 for Bengal, under the command of Captain Carrol. On 9 January 1804 she was wrecked at Madeira in a gale, and her third and fourth officers drowned.  She dragged her anchors and became wedged between two rocks. When her main mast over on the landward side passengers and crew used it as a bridge. During the following night the sea completely destroyed her.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Tuguegarao is an ecclesiastical territory or diocese of the Catholic Church in the Philippines. Tuguegarao is a river delta city that became center of the archdiocese in the Province of Cagayan, on the island of Luzon. Its seat is located at the Saint Peter's Metropolitan Cathedral.
Originally it was carved out from the Archdiocese of Nueva Segovia which was then located at the old city of Nueva Segovia now Lal-Lo, Cagayan transferred to Vigan, Ilocos Sur. The Diocese of Tuguegarao was erected on April 10, 1910, for the provinces of Batanes, Cagayan, Isabela and Nueva Vizcaya. On September 21, 1974 Pope Paul VI elevated the Diocese of Tuguegarao into an archdiocese.
The office of the Archdiocese of Tuguegarao is currently located at The Archbishop's Palace, Rizal Street, Centro 10, Tuguegarao City, Cagayan, Philippines.
The World Leadership Awards have been prepared by the World Leadership Forum of England, UK (reportedly dissolved as of 2012), and have been presented to city leaders who have shown exceptional imagination, foresight or resilience in a number of key fields - especially cities that have reversed trends, shaken off traditional images, and acted as an example and inspiration to others.
The Awards were instituted in 2005 and awarded in 2006 and 2007. Press releases from some winners have indicated that in 2006, around 400 cities worldwide, were invited to compete in 15 categories of urban quality and improvement.
Note that the Awards (or others of the same name)) have since been awarded in 2012, after the apparent 2009 collapse of the sponsoring World Leadership Forum organization.
The winners of the 2006 World Leadership Awards have been announced at the Royal Courts of Justice in London.
The Vedat Tek House (Turkish: Vedat Tek Evi) is a museum and former residence of renowned Turkish architect Vedat Tek in Istanbul, Turkey. The house was built between 1913-14 by Vedat Tek for his family and himself and is a notable example of Turkish neoclassical architecture.
Built in the Turkish Neoclassical style, the house is one of several of Tek's well known examples in this architectural movement. Turquoise tiles, arches following Islamic geometry and extrusions typical of classical Ottoman houses are the main design elements of the building. 
The house itself consists of three floors, but due to the slanted plot on which it was built, a fourth floor on ground level exists. This level is used as a restaurant.
Rear Admiral John Robert Hamilton Clink, CBE (born 18 February 1964) is a former Royal Navy officer who retired from the Royal Navy in 2018.
Clink was born on 18 February 1964. He was educated at Cheltenham Grammar School, then an all-boys state grammar school. He studied international security and strategy at King's College London, graduating with a Master of Arts (MA) degree in 2012.
Clink was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in 2002 and Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2017 Birthday Honours.
Albert Bastiaan (Ab) Harrewijn (Giessen-Nieuwkerk, 22 November 1954 - Utrecht, 13 May 2002) was a Dutch GreenLeft politician.
Harrewijn was a preacher who was a member of the Communist Party of the Netherlands (CPN). He was strongly committed to helping people in the lowest ranks of society: the homeless, social security claimants and addicts. He was active in the CPN at the municipal and provincial level.
Bear was a wooden-hulled, stern-wheel steamship that served as a snagboat for the United States Army Corps of Engineers. 
The route was constructed in the 1960s, and consisted sections of Lung Cheung Road and Ching Cheung Road. It was built as a five lane dual carriageway to connect the factories in Kwun Tong with the Container Terminals, bypassing the built-up areas in Kowloon. The route was previously known as Route 4 and has been renamed in 2004. Following the opening of the Tseung Kwan O Tunnel in 1990, Route 7 was extended to Tseung Kwan O.
Route 7 begins at Wan Po Road in Tseung Kwan O and travels west to Kwun Tong via the Tseung Kwan O Tunnel. It follows Sau Mau Ping Road and meets Route 2 at Kwun Tong Bypass, then branches off into Kwun Tong Road. The road becomes a viaduct until it descends onto the ground level and joining Prince Edward Road East. The viaduct continues as Route 5 along the shore.
Rancho Leonero (est. 1986) is a Mexican vacation resort located on the East Cape of Baja California Sur, approximately 60 miles Northeast of Cabo San Lucas.
John Ireland took part in efforts to protect Pulmo reef from commercial net fishing starting in the mid 1990s. The Mexican government established an 11-mile-long marine reserve off Cabo Pulmo, a national park, to protect it from commercial fishing. Ireland and fellow resort owner Bobby Van Wormer pay the monthly salary of the federal fish and game officer who patrols the marine reserve, now a destination for snorkelers and scuba divers.
Ahmet Zeki Soydemir (1883; Salonica (Thessaloniki) - Sep 4, 1954; Istanbul) was an officer of the Ottoman Army and a general of the Turkish Army.
Robert D. Haas (born 1942) is the Chairman Emeritus of Levi Strauss & Co., son of Walter A. Haas Jr., and the great-great-grandnephew of the company's founder, Levi Strauss.
Born and raised in San Francisco, Robert (Bob) Haas received a Bachelor of Arts from the University of California, Berkeley in 1964, where he was Phi Beta Kappa, and a Master of Business Administration (MBA) from Harvard Graduate School of Business in 1968, where he was named a Baker Scholar.
Haas served in the Peace Corps in the Ivory Coast from 1964 to 1966. He was a White House Fellow from 1968 to 1969. After business school, Haas worked as an Associate at McKinsey & Company from 1969 to 1972.
Haas joined Levi Strauss & Co. in 1973 and served in a variety of roles. He was elected to the Board of Directors in 1979 and as President and Chief Executive Officer in 1984. He served in that position until stepping down in 1999. He became Chairman of the Board in 1989 and retired from the Board in 2014.
Sales and profitability grew during the period of Haas's leadership, thanks largely to the expansion of Levi's branded apparel internationally and the creation and rapid growth of the Dockers brand of casual apparel. Under his leadership, Levi Strauss & Company carried on the company's engagement in corporate social responsibility: it became the first company to define and enforce workplace and safety standards for employees.
In 1985, Haas returned the company to private ownership. At the time it was announced, the Levi's LBO was the largest in U.S. business history.
In 1992, Levi Strauss became the first Fortune 500 company to extend health-care benefits to the unmarried partners of its employees, starting the acceptance of this practice by other leading companies. In that same year the company published the first ever corporate standards governing the treatment of employees in contractor factories around the world. Since then, these guidelines have been largely adopted by the apparel and footwear industries.
Active in support of his alma mater, he endowed the Haas Scholars Program at UC Berkeley, which funds financial aid eligible, academically talented undergraduates to engage in a sustained research, field-study or creative project in the summer before and during their senior year at Berkeley. Each year, twenty Haas Scholars are selected from all disciplines and departments across the University on the basis of the merit and originality of their project proposals.
In 1998, President Bill Clinton honored Haas with the first annual Ron Brown Leadership Award in recognition of the company's anti-racism initiative called "Project Change".
On June 21, 1889, Russell was ordained to the priesthood by Cardinal James Gibbons. His first assignment was as pastor of St. James Church in Hyattsville. In addition to his pastoral duties, he studied at the Catholic University of America in Washington, D.C., where he earned a Licentiate of Sacred Theology. He remained at St. James until 1894, when he became private secretary to Cardinal Gibbons and curate at the Cathedral of the Assumption.
Karosa B 732 is an urban bus produced by bus manufacturer Karosa from the Czech Republic, in the years 1983 to 1997. It was succeeded by Karosa B 932 in 1997.
A number of Karosa B732 in Pyongyang were converted to trolleybuses. At least 14 were built, but only 8 trolleybuses remain in service.
The Mexican Army left behind a number of artillery pieces, Arista's writing desk and silver service, the colors of Mexico's lauded Tampico Battalion, and other baggage. Among the several captured Mexican artillery pieces were two 8-pounder bronze guns, two 6-pounder bronze guns, and four 4-pounder bronze guns.
The Resaca De La Palma Battlefield is in the city limits of present-day Brownsville, Texas, but is part of the Palo Alto Battlefield National Historical Park.
The Battle of Resaca de la Palma inspired the name of Resaca, Georgia, a community that later became the site of the Battle of Resaca.
The Panzer 2000 was a Swiss tank planned to replace the Panzer 68, produced by Eidgenoessische Konstruktionswerkstaette. It was intended for use by the Swiss Armed Forces.
The Panzer 2000 was intended to replace and eliminate the Panzer 68's shortcomings. However, the volatile history of its predecessor was an obstacle to the Panzer 2000's production. The Swiss doubted that Switzerland would be able to produce a well-functioning tank without expensive rework, and political parties used this argument; given the more modern technology, per-unit costs were to be much higher than the Panzer 68. 
These high development costs, along with a lack of export orders, ultimately prevented production of the Panzer 2000. Instead, the German Leopard 2 was procured and introduced under the name Panzer 87. This procurement was quicker and cheaper than the Panzer 2000 program because of the Leopard's already high scale of production. 
In addition to the basic version as a main battle tank for the Swiss Army, the Panzer 2000 would have been converted into variants such as recovery tanks, combat engineering vehicle, driver trainers and the armoured vehicle-launched bridge. Also intended for export were variants as self-propelled artillery, anti-aircraft tanks, and ammunition tugs.
An HIV vaccine could be either a preventive vaccine or a therapeutic vaccine, which means it will either protect individuals from being infected with HIV or treat HIV-infected individuals. It could either induce an immune response against HIV (active vaccination approach) or consist of preformed antibodies against HIV (passive vaccination approach).
Many trials have shown no efficacy, but one HIV vaccine regimen, RV 144,  has been shown to prevent HIV in some individuals in Thailand.
The urgency of the search for a vaccine against HIV stems from the AIDS-related death toll of over 35 million people since 1981. In 2002, AIDS became the primary cause of death due to an infectious agent in Africa.
The epitopes of the viral envelope are more variable than those of many other viruses. Furthermore, the functionally important epitopes of the gp120 protein are masked by glycosylation, trimerisation and receptor-induced conformational changes making it difficult to block with neutralizing antibodies.
The difficulties in stimulating a reliable antibody response has led to the attempts to develop a vaccine that stimulates a response by cytotoxic T-lymphocytes.
Another response to the challenge has been to create a single peptide that contains the least variable components of all the known HIV strains.
There are some differences between SIV and HIV that may introduce challenges in the use of an animal model. The animal model can be extremely useful but at times controversial.
There is a new animal model strongly resembling that of HIV in humans. Generalized immune activation as a direct result of activated CD4+ T cell killing - performed in mice allows new ways of testing HIV behaviour.
NIAID-funded SIV research has shown that challenging monkeys with a cytomegalovirus (CMV)-based SIV vaccine results in containment of virus. Typically, virus replication and dissemination occurs within days after infection, whereas vaccine-induced T cell activation and recruitment to sites of viral replication take weeks. Researchers hypothesized that vaccines designed to maintain activated effector memory T cells might impair viral replication at its earliest stage.[citation needed]
Other strategies that have progressed to phase I trials in uninfected persons include peptides, lipopeptides, DNA, an attenuated Salmonella vector, p24, etc. Specifically, candidate vaccines that induce one or more of the following are being sought:
In 2011, researchers in National Biotech Centre in Madrid unveiled data from the Phase I clinical trial of their new vaccine, MVA-B.  The vaccine induced an immunological response in 92% of the healthy subjects.
Biosantech developed a therapeutic vaccine called Tat Oyi, which targets the tat protein of HIV. It was tested in France in a double-blind Phase I/II trial with 48 HIV-positive patients who had reached viral suppression on Highly Active Antiretroviral Therapy and then stopped antiretrovirals after getting the intradermal Tat Oyi vaccine.
There have been no passive preventive HIV vaccines to reach Phase III yet, but some active preventive HIV vaccine candidates have entered Phase III.
A July 2012 report of the HIV Vaccines & Microbicides Resource Tracking Working Group estimates that $845 million was invested in HIV vaccine research in 2011.
Economic issues with developing an AIDS vaccine include the need for advance purchase commitment (or advance market commitments) because after an AIDS vaccine has been developed, governments and NGOs may be able to bid the price down to marginal cost.
Theoretically, any possible HIV vaccine must inhibit or stop the HIV virion replication cycle. The targets of a vaccine could be the following stages of the HIV virion cycle:
There have been reports that HIV patients coinfected with GB virus C (GBV-C), also called hepatitis G virus, can survive longer than those without GBV-C, but the patients may be different in other ways. GBV-C is potentially useful in the future development of an HIV vaccine.
The 1972 St. Louis Cardinals season was the team's 53rd year with the National Football League and thirteenth in St. Louis. On September 2, Bill Bidwill purchased the stock of his brother Charles "Stormy" Bidwill to become sole owner of the Cardinals. The adopted sons of Charles and Violet Bidwill, the two had co-owned the team since their mother's death in January 1962.
It was Bayern's second consecutive victory in the competition, although they failed to retain their Bundesliga title, finishing in 10th place. Riots by the Leeds fans during the match led to UEFA banning the club from European competition for four years, although this was reduced to two years on appeal.
The appearance of an English club in the final for only the second time would ultimately precede a period of dominance by Football League clubs Liverpool (1977, 1978, 1981 and 1984), Nottingham Forest (1979 and 1980) and Aston Villa (1982) of European football. However, the violence and the lengthy ban handed down to Leeds would foreshadow the tragic events in the European Cup final 10 years later.
This article on a Yamanashi Prefecture institute of higher education or related topic is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Chile competed at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia, from 7 to 23 February 2014. Chile's team consisted of six athletes in three sports, doubling the number of athletes from four years ago.
According to the final quota allocation released on 20 January 2014, Chile had three athletes in qualification position. The team consisted of:
According to the final quota allocation released on 20 January 2014, Chile had one athlete in qualification position. This marked the first time Chile competed in the sport at the Winter Olympics.
According to the final quota allocation released on 20 January 2014, Chile had one athlete in qualification position. Chile has also received a reallocation quota in women's ski cross. Dominique Ohaco finished the women's slopestyle competition in 13th, one position out of qualifying for the final. This marked the first time Chile competed in the sport at the Winter Olympics.
The Acme of Control is a card trick in which the magician shows two cards, inserts them into the deck, allows the spectator to shuffle the deck, takes the deck back, and is then able to produce the two cards in any way he pleases, such as from his pocket.
Pink Lake (historically known as Lake Lochiel) is a small, circular, salty pink lake on the Western Highway just north of Dimboola in Australia. Granville Stapylton, part of the explorer Thomas Mitchell's 1836 expedition into western Victoria, reconnoitered Pink Lake on 20 July 1836.
The lake received its name from its distinctive pink colour. The brightness of the hue varies according to the level of rainfall. Until recently it was assumed that red algae created the pink hue; however, recent research reported by Australian Geographic describes the colour as result of a pigment produced by the Salinibacter ruber bacteria. A rest-stop overlooks the lake's basin.
Salt has been harvested from the lake since the 1860s and on average 20 tonnes a year are harvested by the Mount Zero Olive company working in conjunction with the Barengi Gadjin Land Council. Commercial harvesting stopped in the 1970s but was resumed after negotiations between the Victorian State government, the Barengi Gadjin Land Council and the Mount Zero Olive Company in 2009.
Riedholz is a municipality in the district of Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.  In 2011 Niederwil merged into Riedholz.
Riedholz is first mentioned in 1367 as im Rietholz.  Niederwil is first mentioned in 1292 as Lomolzwile.
The municipality is located in the Lebern district, between a moraine and the Aare river.  It consists of the village of Riedholz and Niederwil as well as scattered hamlets and individual settlements, including Attisholz which has had a thermal bath since the 15th Century.
Most of the population (as of 2000[update]) speaks German (1,427 or 95.8%), with Italian being second most common (12 or 0.8%) and Albanian being third (11 or 0.7%).  There are 7 people who speak French and 2 people who speak Romansh.
As of 2000[update], there were 585 people who were single and never married in the municipality.  There were 762 married individuals, 80 widows or widowers and 62 individuals who are divorced.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SVP which received 27.14% of the vote.  The next three most popular parties were the FDP (26.67%), the SP (18.99%) and the CVP (14.8%).  In the federal election, a total of 665 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 52.9%.
In 2000[update], there were 492 workers who commuted into the municipality and 624 workers who commuted away.  The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 1.3 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering.  Of the working population, 14% used public transportation to get to work, and 61.1% used a private car.
In Riedholz about 657 or (44.1%) of the population have completed non-mandatory upper secondary education, and 231 or (15.5%) have completed additional higher education (either university or a Fachhochschule).  Of the 231 who completed tertiary schooling, 74.5% were Swiss men, 16.0% were Swiss women, 6.5% were non-Swiss men and 3.0% were non-Swiss women.
As of 2000[update], there were 14 students in Riedholz who came from another municipality, while 114 residents attended schools outside the municipality.
Port Davis is a locality in the Australian state of South Australia on the east coast of Spencer Gulf about 18 kilometres (11 miles) to the west of the city of Port Pirie and about 197 kilometres (122 miles) north of the state capital of Adelaide.
Port Davis occupies land on the west and north side of a promontory known as Jarrold Point which itself forms part of the southern side of Germein Bay.  The locality includes the mouth of the Broughton River which is also known as Port Davis Creek.
Port Davis is located within the federal Division of Grey, the state electoral district of Frome and  the local government area of the Port Pirie Regional Council.
Lakehead University is a public research university with campuses in Thunder Bay and Orillia, Ontario, Canada. Lakehead University, shortened to 'Lakehead U', or 'LU', is non-denominational and provincially supported. It has undergraduate programs, graduate programs, the Bora Laskin Faculty of Law, the only internationally accredited (AACSB) business school in northern Ontario, and is home to the western campus of the Northern Ontario School of Medicine.
Lakehead College of Arts, Science and Technology was established by an Act of the Ontario Legislature, proclaimed on August 1, 1957. Years later, the original Lakehead College of Arts, Science and Technology Act was amended to grant the college authority to establish new faculties, and confer degrees in arts and sciences.
The Lakehead University Act was given royal assent on June 22, 1965, and came into force on July 1, 1965. The Lakehead College of Arts, Science and Technology, thereafter known as "Lakehead University," was continued under this new charter. The first degrees were conferred on May 5, 1965. The first university chancellor was Senator Norman McLeod Paterson.
The original college site comprised about 32 hectares of land in south-west Port Arthur, Ontario. From 1962 to 1965, an additional 87 hectares of adjoining land was purchased in anticipation of future expansion. The first building was opened in 1957.
A new law school was established; the faculty accepted its first students in 2013. The program is housed in the former Port Arthur Collegiate Institute.  In 2014 it was named the Bora Laskin Faculty of Law, after the fourteenth Chief Justice of Canada.
Lakehead University's physical plant now consists of 39 buildings and 116 hectares of property including 40 hectares of landscaped and maintained grounds.
Lakehead University opened a campus at Heritage Place in Downtown Orillia in 2006; during the first semester there were about 100 students.
Accommodations at Lakehead are divided into three living styles: residence halls, apartments and townhouses. The Thunder Bay residence currently has a total of 1,196 beds and three cafeteria/dining halls. Students can choose from meal options that range from kitchenette, full-kitchen and complete meal plan depending on the residence styles.
The men's residence for 52 students was opened in fall of 1962, and has grown to include a residence village consisting of 10 new buildings. The village is situated on the banks of the McIntyre River within  five-minute walking distance of all university buildings and athletic facilities.
From 1989 to 1992, a complex of townhouses, including some handicap accessible units, was added to the residence facility.
A 271-bed residence in Orillia opened its doors in late Fall 2012. The Orillia residence has two meal plan options for students, as well as one cafeteria, owned by Madison County.
The university supports a research station near Thunder Bay to test newly developed crop varieties. The station had been in operation for a number of years, and was officially taken over by the university in 2018.
The university has nine faculties: Business Administration, Education, Engineering, Natural Resources Management, Faculty of Health and Behavioral Sciences, Science and Environmental Studies, Social Sciences and Humanities, Medicine, and Graduate Studies. The Faculty of Law welcomed its first students in September 2013.
Based on full-time undergraduate enrolment, the Social Sciences & Humanities is the largest faculty at Lakehead, with about 30% of the students, followed by Health and Behavioral Sciences, Science & Environmental Studies, Engineering, Education, and Business Administration. Two small faculties are Natural Resources Management and Medicine, each with less than 2% of the student enrolment.
Apart from these awards, Lakehead University provides entrance scholarships to high school students with marks above 80%, paid out during four years of undergraduate. Lakehead also offers free tuition to students with a 95% average or higher.
Lakehead University Student Union, or LUSU, serves as a governing body for student-run clubs. Students can participate in various club activities, ranging from student government to multi-cultural and athletics. LUSU is also responsible for publishing The Argus, the student newspaper, as well as running The Study Coffeehouse and The Outpost Pub, sites that often serve as gathering places for campus community activities and as performance venues.
An item bank is a term for a repository of test items that belong to a testing program, as well as all information pertaining to those items.  In most applications of testing and assessment, the items are of multiple choice format, but any format can be used.  Items are pulled from the bank and assigned to test forms for publication either as a paper-and-pencil test or some form of e-assessment.
An item bank will not only include the text of each item, but also extensive information regarding test development and psychometric characteristics of the items.  Examples of such information include:
Some item banks also have test administration functionalities, such as being able to deliver e-assessment or process "bubble" answer sheets.
This article about a location in ancient Macedonia is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Presque rien (meaning Almost Nothing, which is also the UK release title; the U.S. title is Come Undone) is a 2000 French-Belgian romantic drama film directed by Sebastien Lifshitz, set in Brittany, depicting a stormy holiday romance between two 18-year-olds and what remains of that relationship eighteen months later.
Upper-middle class Mathieu, is spending his summer vacation on the French coast before beginning studies in the autumn to become an architect. His mother is deeply depressed because of the death of his baby brother from cancer, and is cared for by her sister, while Mathieu and his moody younger sister cannot get along.
A parallel plotline focuses on Mathieu eighteen months later, as he recovers from the shock of their separation. After Mathieu has tried to commit suicide, he chooses to go back to the small seaside town to learn how to deal with what happened.
Rather than having a clear, chronologically ordered narrative, the movie switches between the summer and the winter plotlines, depicting the differences in Mathieu's life at both points, as well as establishing the contrast between one and the other visually.
The soundtrack uses songs by Irish singer and songwriter Perry Blake (from his album Still Life) to convey Mathieu's melancholic, depressive mood.
The other important development was the extremely complex and sophisticated art of secular song which flourished in Avignon at the very end of the 14th century, ars subtilior. Ars subtilior immediately followed ars nova, and as the Latin definition suggests, this style was subtler than the earlier works. Ars subtilior was also even more complex, making it difficult to sing and most popular among music specialists.
The move of the center of musical activity from Paris to Burgundy defines the beginning of the musical Renaissance in France.  The political instability under weak kings and continued dismemberment and acquisition of territory by the English during the Hundred Years' War all contributed to moving musicians east.
Composers who worked at the courts of the Dukes of Burgundy are known collectively as the Burgundian School; some of the principal names associated with this school are Guillaume Dufay, Gilles Binchois, Hayne van Ghizeghem and Antoine Busnois.  They wrote vernacular secular music in a clear, simple, melodic style, principally rondeaux, but also Latin sacred music, such as motets and cantus firmus masses.
In the late Renaissance and early Baroque period, approximately from 1570 to 1650 and peaking from 1610 and 1635, a type of popular secular vocal music called air de cour spread throughout France.  Though airs de cour originally used only one voice with lute accompaniment, they grew to incorporate four to five voices by the end of the 16th century.  Halfway through the 17th century, they switched back again to a single voice.
Aconitum noveboracense, also known as northern blue monkshood or northern wild monkshood, is a flowering plant belonging to the buttercup family (Ranunculaceae).  Members of its genus (Aconitum) are also known as wolfsbane.
The United States Fish and Wildlife Service government lists it as a threatened species. It grows in rare portions of New York State and in portions of the Driftless Area.
Northern monkshood is a perennial and reproduces from both seed and small tubers. The flowers bloom between June and September and are pollinated when bumblebees pry open the blossom to collect nectar and pollen.
Under stress conditions (e.g. water deficit) oxalate released from calcium oxalate crystals is converted to CO2 by an oxalate oxidase enzyme and the produced CO2 can support the Calvin cycle reactions. Reactive hydrogen peroxide (H2O2), the byproduct of oxalate oxidase reaction, can be neutralized by catalase.
Alarm photosynthesis represents an unknown photosynthetic variation to be added to the already known C4 and CAM pathways. However, alarm photosynthesis, in contrast to these pathways, operates as a biochemical pump that collects carbon from the organ interior (or from the soil) and not from the atmosphere. 
The boys come across a farm. They see the farmer's wife bring the farmer lunch out in the field, and the younger boy follows the wife back into the house to ask for food. He struggles with thoughts of murder and rape, the film repeatedly showing both possibilities, but ultimately just silently takes the few slices of bread she offers and leaves.
At the time of its U.S. release in March 1968, New York Times critic Renata Adler wrote that the film is "all quite depressing and real," but "it doesn't really work." She asserted that when misery is transplanted intact to the screen, "one loses interest. It looks unreal."
The film was announced in March 2017 with Amala Paul in the lead role. The title and the first look of the film was revealed on the International Women's Day of 2018 by Kajal Agarwal. During filming in August 2018, Amala Paul suffered a serious ligament tear while performing an action sequence and resumed shooting after recovery.
This article relating to Indian films in the Tamil language is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Joe Glick was born in the Williamsburg area of Brooklyn, on February 22, 1903 and began training as a boxer in his teens. He worked as a tailor prior to his boxing career.
After the zenith of his early career as a Junior Lightweight in January 1929, Tex Ricard, manager for Jack Dempsey, still rated Glick third among top Lightweights in America.
In January and March 1929, Glick faced the exceptional Jimmy McLarnin, a former Lightweight champion, but lost to him in both bouts. Glick's first bout with McLarnin in Madison Square Garden on January 11, garnered large attendance, and though Glick lost the ten round bout by unanimous decision, McLarnin's nose was broken in the bout. His second bout with McLarnin in the Garden on March 1, attended by nearly 19,000, ended when Glick was knocked out in the second round.
Glick also appeared briefly in the 1933 Paramount Productions's, Tillie and Gus, an adventure film about the purchase of a ferry boat, the Fairy Queen.
Another rough slice-of-life movie in which Glick appeared was the black and white 1934 Paramount Productions's film, LimeHouse Blues. Not atypical of the movies in which ex-boxers found roles, the film depicted rough street life.  It was set in London's LimeHouse Causeway, a riverfront slum, and the main character, Harry Young ran a smuggling business out of his club.
In 1938, Glick played an extra in MGM's The Crowd Roars. In this successful boxing movie with Robert Taylor as the lead, Glick briefly appeared in a background gymnasium scene with boxers Larry Williams, Maxie Rosenbloom, Jimmy McLarnin, Abie Bain, Frankie Grandetta, Jack Roper, Tommy Herman, Larry Williams, and Abe "The Newsboy" Hollandersky.
This article related to members of the insect sub-family Tephritinae is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This Sussex County, New Jersey state location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Leonildo Soares made his international debut on 4 June 2016, when he played entirely in a loss Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Cape Verde.
"The Indefatigable Frog" is a science fiction short story by American writer Philip K. Dick, first published in the July 1953 edition of Fantastic Story Magazine, and later in The Collected Stories of Philip K. Dick. It has since been republished several times, including in Beyond Lies the Wub in 1988.
The story centers around two college professors, Hardy and Grote, who argue about one of Zeno's Paradoxes, called The dichotomy paradox, where a frog wants to get up from a well, but each jump is half of the previous one.  That way, Hardy argues, the frog will never exit the well, while Grote argues the opposite: that the frog will eventually escape from the well.
This article about a science fiction short story (or stories) published in the 1950s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Akbar Salim Anarkali is a 1979 Indian Telugu-language historical romance film produced & directed by N. T. Rama Rao under his Ramakrishna Cine Studios banner. It stars N. T. Rama Rao, Nandamuri Balakrishna, Deepa, with music composed by C. Ramchandra. The film is remake of the Bollywood epic Mughal E Azam.
Music composed by C. Ramchandra. Lyrics was written by C. Narayana Reddy. Music released on EMI COLUMBIA Audio Company.
While the term pope (Latin: Papa, 'Father') is used in several churches to denote their high spiritual leaders, in English usage, this title generally refers to the supreme head of the Catholic Church and of the Holy See.  The title itself has been used officially by the head of the Church since the tenure of Pope Siricius.
Since the Lateran Treaty of 1929, the pope's temporal title has been Sovereign of the Vatican City State.
Benefit Cosmetics LLC is a manufacturer of cosmetics founded and headquartered in San Francisco, California selling at over 2,000 counters in more than 30 countries. It is a subsidiary of LVMH.
Twin sisters and founders Jean and Jane Ford were born in Indiana. After they attended Indiana University, the two later appeared in commercials for Calgon bath products before moving to San Francisco.
In 1989, the product catalog was developed. The Fords then focused on department store distribution, and soon after the original Face Place was renamed Benefit Cosmetics in 1990. In 1991 Benefit opened up in its first U.S. department store in Henri Bendel in New York City. With significant success in the U.S., Benefit went international in 1997 with their expansion into Harrods in London. Soon after, the Benefit Cosmetics product website was launched.
LVMH acquired Benefit Cosmetics on September 14, 1999. In 2001, Benefit launched their first bath and boudoir line, Bathina. Benefit opened its first "Brow Bar" (a boutique specializing in brow shaping) in 2003, at Macy's Union Square, San Francisco.[unreliable source?]
In 2008, Jean's daughters Maggie and Annie joined the company, focusing on the Home Shopping Network business of the company as well as store openings worldwide.
Benefit cosmetics have counters in many different retail stores such as Debenhams, Sephora, Boots pharmacy and Arnotts.
Since Benefit's opening, the company has branched out their products to skin care, eyes/face/lip cosmetics, fragrances, and accessories.
On April 21, 2012, Benefit Cosmetics won a Guinness World Record for accomplishing the most eyebrow waxes performed in 8 hours by a team, completing 382 eyebrow waxes.
Benefit Cosmetic's "Hoola Matte Bronzer" was named the best beauty product by Nylon in 2014. The "Hoola Matte Bronzer" has been given much recognition, including being on the list of Top 10 Best Bronzers of 2018 and named the most sold bronzer in Britain by Vogue. The "Hoola Matte Bronzer" was also announced to be the #1 best-selling bronzer in the United States.
A beauty blog called Temptalia named Benefit's "They're Real" mascara as the Reader's Choice winner for Best High End Mascara from 2013 to 2015. As well as receiving the Reader's Choice Award of Best Mascara in department stores by Allure in 2014.
Eric Wade Heitmann (born February 24, 1980) is a former center. He was drafted by the 49ers in the 7th round (239th overall) of the 2002 NFL Draft.
Heitmann graduated from Stanford University where he was voted first team All-American following the 2001 season. He played guard for his entire tenure as a Cardinal, and he was a three time All-Pac-10 selection.  Heitmann became the first Stanford offensive lineman voted All-American since Bob Whitfield in 1992.
In 2002, Heitmann was the first rookie to start a game on the 49ers offensive line since 1987, when Harris Barton started at right tackle. He finished the 2002 season starting 12 games, including two playoff contests. He switched to center in the absence of regular center Jeremy Newberry. After an injury-plagued 2003 season, he started all 16 games in 2004.
Prior to the 2005 season, he worked to get stronger and more powerful under the tutelage of renowned strength coach Johnny Parker. His work paid off early in minicamps, and the 49ers signed him to a 4-year extension in June 2005. He started in all 16 games including 10 at right guard and six at center during the 2005 season.
In 2007, Heitmann proved that he successfully recovered from his injury, as he once again started all 16 games at center.
Heitmann graduated from Stanford with a degree in public policy. He and his wife, Emily, live in Texas with their two daughters. Eric is a gifted musician who plays concert piano, as well as composes his own music. His most recent original compositions can be found at ericheitmann.com.
As the inverse of a Hermitian matrix, the precision matrix of real-valued random variables, if it exists, is positive definite and symmetrical.
Another reason the precision matrix may be useful is that if two dimensions i and j of a multivariate normal are conditionally independent, then the ij and ji elements of the precision matrix are 0. This means that precision matrices tend to be sparse when many of the dimensions are conditionally independent, which can lead to computational efficiencies when working with them. It also means that precision matrices are closely related to the idea of partial correlation.
Wild Choir was an American country music band. It consisted of Gail Davies (lead vocals), Larry Chaney (guitar), Pete Pendras (guitar), Denny Dadmun-Bixby (bass guitar), and Bob Mummert (drums).
Wild Choir's singles received major criticism from country music radio. Many stations found the recordings to be too closely associated with rock music, believing it would not respond well with listeners. Although they did not achieve major chart success, Wild Choir has been cited as the forerunner of today's Americana movement and has influenced other country bands, including Highway 101 and Foster & Lloyd.
The Cockman Family is a bluegrass/Southern gospel band from Sherrills Ford, North Carolina, United States.
Billy Cockman won the 2013 National Banjo Championship in Winfield, KS, after taking third place in 2012. He also won the 2010 South Carolina Banjo Championship at Renofest in Hartsville, SC. and the 2009 North Carolina Banjo Champtionship at The Carolina in the Fall Festival in Wilkesboro,
The Butterpats, a second-generation youth group featuring John Jr's daughters, were awarded the 2011 WMA Harmony Yodeling Duo of the Year and the 2011 WMA Youth Harmony award at the Western Music Association Showcase and Awards Show in Albuquerque, NM.
The Cockman Family has developed a distinct bluegrass gospel style that has gained audiences throughout the Southeast. Their arrangements of old gospel songs have been very popular.  Their tight harmonies and original songs have been applauded for their unique sounds.
The Cockman Family is made up of a sister, four brothers, and their father: John Cockman Sr. on guitar, Caroline Cockman Fisher on lead vocals, John Cockman Jr. on fiddle and bass vocals, Billy Cockman on banjo and tenor vocals, David Cockman on bass and baritone vocals, and Ben Cockman on mandolin and baritone vocals.
The Cockman Family has recorded multiple records.  Eleven of their songs have been released as singles to bluegrass and gospel radio stations.  Their newest album, Dedicated, was released in 2011 and features original songs as well as favorite hymns.
The Vorkuta Uprising was a major uprising of forced labor camp inmates at the Vorkuta Gulag in Vorkuta, Russian SFSR, USSR from 19 July (or 22 July) to 1 August 1953, shortly after the arrest of Lavrentiy Beria. The uprising was violently stopped by the camp administration after two weeks of bloodless standoff.
After submission of the mob, many "saboteurs" were arrested and placed in maximum security cells, but without further punitive executions. Conditions were marginally improved (especially for "political" inmates).
A similar fictional uprising at Vorkuta, albeit ten years later, was depicted in the story mode of the 2010 video game Call of Duty: Black Ops.
In response to the finish in 1981, for the 1982 Tour de France, French minister of sports Edwige Avice objected to the amount of advertising in the race, and suggested the Tour to return to the national team format. The Tour organisation needed the money brought in by the sponsors, and no changes were made to the team structure.
Hinault, who had won the Tour in 1978, 1979 and 1981, and left the 1980 Tour in leading position, was the clear favourite for the victory. In those other years, Hinault had won several races before the Tour, but in 1982 he had only won one major race, the 1982 Giro d'Italia. Hinault tried to be the fourth cyclist, after Fausto Coppi, Jacques Anquetil and Eddy Merckx, to win the Giro-Tour double.
The following is a list of professional and amateur theatres and theatre companies in Budapest, Hungary. They are organised alphabetically in name order.
Jean Bastien-Thiry, found guilty of organizing an assassination attempt against French president Charles de Gaulle on 22 August 1962, was executed at the Fort d'Ivry on 11 March 1963. Bastien-Thiry's was the last execution by firing squad in France.
Kenneth Alan Taylor (born 1937) is a British pantomime writer and actor. He is best known for having played the pantomime dame for thirty years in his own productions at Nottingham Playhouse.
His awards include the Manchester Evening News best supporting actor for Price and a Nottingham University honorary doctor of letters in 2011.  In January 2019, Nottingham City Transport named one of their buses after him to mark his 35th Nottingham Playhouse Pantomime.
Taylor is married to Judith Barker. They have two children; award-winning make-up designer Jessica Taylor and Award-winning lighting designer Jason Taylor.
Although rhabdoid variants of LCLC are sometimes referred to as "rhabdoid carcinomas", this particular term should be reserved for examples of "pure" rhabdoid neoplasms (i.e. those that do not contain cells containing other histological variants)
More than 99% of primary lung cancers are carcinoma, which are tumors composed of cells that originate from embryonic ectoderm or endoderm, or that feature epithelial characteristics or differentiation. Eight major groups of lung carcinomas are recognized in WHO-2004:
It seems likely that mutations and post-translational modifications affecting cytokeratin 8, cytokeratin 18, and vimentin protofilaments are intimately involved in the genesis of the characteristic inclusions and, therefore, of the rhabdoid phenotype. The particulars of this process are poorly understood, but depend in part on the origin of the tumor and stochastic genomic phenomena.
Rhabdoid cells often express protein products suggestive of aggressive, dedifferentiated cells, including neuroendocrine tumor-related products and granulocyte-macrophage colony stimulating factor (GM-CSF). Vimentin, an intermediate filament protein usually associated with non-carcinomatous tumors (i.e. sarcoma), is ubiquitous in rhabdoid cells. Co-expression of cytokeratins and vimentin are associated with cells undergoing epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT).
While undifferentiated large-cell lung carcinoma is the most common parent lung tumor from which a rhabdoid phenotype evolves, malignant cells with a rhabdoid phenotype are known to occur in many different histological variants of lung cancer, including adenocarcinoma, sarcomatoid carcinoma, squamous cell carcinoma, combined large cell neuroencrine carcinoma, and mucinous bronchioloalveolar carcinoma  and combined small cell lung carcinoma.
It has been reported recently that LCLC-RP can metastasize locally within the airways ("aerogeneous spread"), an uncommon mechanism of extension wherein tumor cells migrate along the lung walls and septa, but do not destroy air sacs. Previously, this type of metastatic behavior had not been seen in this particular tumor, being traditionally associated almost exclusively with the "pneumonic" form of pulmonary bronchioloalveolar carcinoma.[citation needed]
While occasional scattered rhabdoid cell formation occurs with considerable frequency in lung carcinomas, this is not considered to be of clinical significance. According to current classification criteria, a tumor can only be diagnosed as LCLC-RP when an undifferentiated large-cell lung carcinoma contains a rhabdoid cell component that makes up at least 10% of the tumor mass.
The differential diagnosis of LCLC-RP includes secondary metastatic lesions, malignant melanoma of the lung with rhabdoid phenotype, mucinous adenocarcinomas (particularly those featuring signet-ring cells), rhabdomyosarcoma, epitheloid angiosarcoma, pleural mesothelioma, and plasmacytoma.
On radiological imaging, most cases of LCLC-RP are single "coin lesions" or discrete masses, but cases presenting as multiple nodules throughout the lung have also been noted. Cases with inhomogeneous-appearing consolidation on CT have been reported, as well as aerogenous, lepidic-type spread. Some large, centrally located LCLC-RP have been noted to show signs of gross necrosis and cavitation on imaging studies, as well as being associated with the presence of large bullae.
Vimentin, an intermediate filament protein usually found in sarcoma, is ubiquitously (nearly 100%) expressed diffusely throughout the cytoplasm of the rhabdoid cells, and is often intermingled with CK's in their whorled inclusions. Some studied have reported that neuroendocrine-related markers (i.e. neuron-specific enolase (NSE), neural cell adhesion molecule (NCAM), chromogranin A (CgA), synaptophysin), are also quite frequently expressed in a significant proportion of rhabdoid cells.
A recent study reported a case wherein 2 courses of adjuvant therapy with cisplatin and paclitaxel, followed by oral gefitinib, were used after complete resection. The patient had had no recurrence 34 months later.
There are case reports of rhabdoid carcinomas recurring after unusually long periods, which is unusual for a fast-growing, aggressive tumor type. One report described a very early stage patient whose tumor recurred 6 years after initial treatment. Although rapidly progressive, fulminant courses seem to be the rule in this entity, long-term survival has also been noted, even post-metastectomy in late stage, distant metastatic disease.
Similar to nearly all variants of lung carcinoma, large cell lung carcinoma with rhabdoid phenotype appears to be highly related to tobacco smoking. It also appears to be significantly more common in males than in females.
Although Colby and colleagues were the first to report a primary lung cancer with a rhabdoid phenotype in a paper published in 1995, cells with these characteristic features had been previously noted in 1978, when they were noted to occur in a rare and extremely aggressive form of kidney cancer that appears almost exclusively in young children called "Wilms tumor".
LCLC-RP were first recognized as a distinct entity under the 3rd (published in 1999) revision of the World Health Organization (WHO) lung tumor histological typing scheme. Its placement in the classification schema went unchanged during the 2004 revision.
Barnes said "This tour has meant a lot to me. It's really the climax of nearly a decade spent confronting my demons and using words and music to come to terms with them. At all of these shows I can feel the audience picking me up and putting me on their shoulders, so I wanted to release one of the shows from this memorable tour to say thanks to everyone who was there, and to let everyone else know what they missed."
Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).
The Fisher Flyer was a single seat tricycle landing gear biplane ultralight aircraft first flown by Michael Fisher in July 1980. It was the first aircraft designed by Fisher and became the first of more than 3500 Fisher aircraft flying by 2007.
The aircraft was a conventional single seat ultralight based on the wings taken from the Easy Riser hang glider. The fuselage and tail were of original design. The airframe structure was of aluminum tube, covered with aircraft fabric. The landing gear was of a fixed tricycle configuration.
Millidgeville is situated on the northern edge of the city, on Brothers Cove off the Kennebecasis River at the point where that westerly flowing river meets the southerly flowing Saint John River.
The tower of the Royal Kennebeccasis Yacht Club (RKYC) has been a beacon to boaters since its construction at the turn of the 20th century. The Club was founded in 1898. In 1899, The Club published her Constitution, by-laws, sailing regulations, yacht routine, list of members, list of yachts, and signal code
Millidgeville took its name from Thomas Millidge who operated a shipyard on the peninsula now known as "The Moorings of Millidgeville" subdivision. During Millidge's time, there were over thirty large oceangoing wooden ships built at his "Kennebecasis Shipyard." Eric Lawson authored two books on the Millidge yard's ships; "When They Sailed The World - EGERIA & The Millidge Family Ships" and "The EGERIA - An Example of mid-nineteenth century New Brunswick Ship Construction."
Today, Millidgeville is home to the University of New Brunswick (UNBSJ) Saint John campus in Tucker Park, as well as the Saint John Regional Hospital, the city's largest employer and the province's largest hospital. Amenities include the RKYC, Rockwood Park, Canada's second largest urban park with a public golf course, the Charles Gorman Arena, tennis courts and several sports fields.
Born in Jerusalem in 1952, Noked studied law at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. She became a legal advisor to the Kibbutz Movement in 1986, a job she held until 1992. Between 1996 and 2002 she served as director of the movement's legal department. She has also been a member of the Jewish National Fund's directorate, the Agricultural Association's secretariat, the National Council for Environmental Quality and the board of the Israel Lands Authority.
She retained her seat in the 2009 elections after winning thirteenth place on the Labor list. Orit Noked served as Deputy Minister of Industry, Trade, and Labor from April 2009 until January 2011. In January 2011 she was one of five MKs to leave the party to establish Independence, and was appointed Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development. She lost her seat in 2013 when the party chose not to contest the elections.
Edson Rizzo (born 22 November 1957) is a Brazilian handball player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1992 Summer Olympics.
This biographical article related to Brazilian handball is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Ammoplanina is a subtribe of aphid wasps in the family Crabronidae, subfamily Pemphredoninae. There are about 10 genera and at least 130 described species in Ammoplanina. In some phylogenetic analyses, this group is the sister lineage to the bees, and accorded family rank as Ammoplanidae so as to keep families monophyletic.
The Society for Historians of the Early American Republic (SHEAR) is an organization that was established in 1977 to study the history of the United States in the period between 1775 and 1861.
The Society holds annual conferences, awards prizes and fellowships, and publishes the Journal of the Early Republic.
Nishioka was released by Kagoshima United at the end of the 2019 season. He later retired and was appointed as head coach of Kagoshima United's U-15 academy team.
This biographical article related to a Japanese association football midfielder born in the 1980s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Chiappori studied at various Parisian universities, receiving degrees in mathematics, statistics, and economics. He graduated with a Ph.D. in economics from the University Paris I in 1981.
He has served various journals in an editorial capacity, such as the Review of Economics of the Household, the Journal of Political Economy and the Journal of the European Economic Association.
He was elected fellow of the Econometric Society and the European Economic Association in 1995 and 2004, respectively. In 2015 he was made fellow of the Society for the Advancement of Economic Theory.
With the prospect of becoming encircled, the Eleventh Army ordered a withdrawal on 4 January. Units were also low on munitions and rations. Withdrawing forces fended off attack by nine armies and over 20 Chinese divisions. Further complicating matters, this was done while protecting rear service units and wounded. Some Japanese units, like the 200 man detachment from the 9th Independent Mixed Brigade were almost completely destroyed (only one survivor).
The offensive resulted in failure for the Japanese, as Chinese forces were able to lure them into a trap and encircle them. After suffering heavy casualties, Japanese forces were forced to carry out a general retreat.
This biographical article relating to Indian athletics is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The population was a mix of Mexican and European immigrants. Some of the miners are known to have come from Stafford, England
Brodhead was a mining town built and owned by a company formed by three brothers: Henry C. Brodhead (President) who was married to the author Eva Wilder Brodhead, Albert G. Brodhead (Vice President), and Robert S. Brodhead (Secretary and General Manager) and operated between the late 1890s and the mid 1960s. The Brodhead brothers had previously operated a mine in Gonzales Canyon between 1896 and 1899. Initially the town was built as a company town
The 1911 Gazetter Publishing Company Business Directory listing for Brodhead, Las Animas Co. describes the town as:
The 1929 edition of the American Mining & Metallurgical Manual lists the Temple Fuel Company operating in the canyon  as:
There are a number of deaths known at the mines, which, in common with all mining then and now was a dangerous occupation, including:
Dean Craven (born 17 February 1979) is a footballer who played as a midfielder for Shrewsbury Town in the Football League.
This biographical article related to association football in England, about a midfielder born in the 1970s, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Downing Street Years is a memoir by Margaret Thatcher, former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, covering her premiership of 1979 to 1990. It was accompanied by a four-part BBC television series of the same name.
Thatcher had eighteen months to write the book covering her premiership. She hired a previous director of the Conservative Research Department, Robin Harris, to do most of the writing, the Oxford academic Christopher Collins to do the research and O'Sullivan to help polish the drafts. Just like with her speeches, Thatcher would "edit, criticise and exhaustively rewrite the drafts" until she was happy.
Some sources believe that Thatcher wrote at least part of the book at the Manor House Hotel, in Castle Combe, in the Full Glass bar.
Thatcher was interviewed with David Frost on Breakfast with Frost about her memoirs, and she promoted her book with radio and television interviews, book signings, a question and answer session at the Barbican chaired by Jeffrey Archer and a four-part BBC television series.
Geoffrey Howe reviewed the book in the Financial Times, Nigel Lawson in the Evening Standard, Douglas Hurd in The Spectator, Norman Tebbit in the Daily Mail and Bernard Ingham in the Daily Express.
Kelly Mantle (born July 9, 1976), is an American actor, singer/songwriter, comedian, musician, drag queen, and reality television personality. Mantle appeared as a contestant on the sixth season of the reality TV show RuPaul's Drag Race.
Mantle's uncle was professional baseball player Mickey Mantle, who played for the New York Yankees. Mantle graduated with a BFA in Theatre from the University of Oklahoma.
After college, Mantle went to Chicago to begin a career as an actor. She acted in plays such as The Convention and Royal Flush. Lone Star/Laundry & Bourbon was the first production by OKRA Theatre, a theater company started by Mantle and her friend Tracy Parks, who directed the play.
In 1998, Mantle starred in the Chicago production of Charles Busch's play Vampire Lesbians of Sodom. After two years of living in Chicago, she moved to Los Angeles. She later auditioned for the Los Angeles production of Vampire Lesbians of Sodom, where she was scouted and signed by a talent agent.
In Los Angeles, Mantle became a member of the band Sex with Lurch, which was formed by singer Robbie Quinne and guitarist Bernard Yin. As part of the group, Mantle used the stage name "Brandy Warhol". The group disbanded in December 2002. Mantle later joined Quinne's follow-up band, the Barbarellatones.
Currently, Mantle is a member of the band the Rollz Royces with Tammie Brown and Michael Catti. Mantle and Catti have appeared in Tammie Brown's Christmas show Holiday Sparkle at Fubar in West Hollywood.
In 2014 Mantle starred in Confessions of a Womanizer with Gary Busey. The film was released in 2016. Mantle, who is genderfluid, made history when the film's producers sought both supporting actor and supporting actress consideration for her performance and The Academy granted the request.
In December 2013, Logo announced that Mantle was among fourteen drag queens who would be competing on the sixth season of RuPaul's Drag Race. She was eliminated in the first episode, lip-synching to Express Yourself against Vivacious.
Joaquin C. "Kin" Arriola, born on December 25, 1925, is an attorney and a former Democratic Party of Guam politician in Guam. Arriola served as a senator in the Guam Legislature from 1955 to 1959 and as a senator in and Speaker of the Guam Legislature from 1967 to 1971, ran for Governor of Guam in 1974, and was the husband of former senator in the Guam Legislature Elizabeth P. Arriola.
Arriola graduated cum laude with a Bachelor of Arts at the College of St. Thomas in 1950. He earned his Juris Doctor at the University of Minnesota in 1953. He was admitted to the Bar for Minnesota in 1953.[citation needed]
Arriola was elected to the Guam Legislature in 1954 and served for two consecutive terms. Arriola was admitted to the Guam Bar in 1957. He served as legal counsel for the 5th, 6th, and 7th Guam Legislatures from 1959 until 1965. Arriola served as a Selective Service Government Appeal Agent from 1959 until 1971.[citation needed]
In 1970, Arriola teamed up with Vicente Bamba in the Democratic Party of Guam Gubernatorial Primary. In the primary, Arriola-Bamba faced the teams of Ricardo J. Bordallo and Richard F. Taitano and former appointed governor Manuel F. Leon Guerrero and Antonio C. Yamashita. The Bordallo-Taitano team faced the Republican team of Camacho-Moylan in the 1970 Guam Gubernatorial General Election.
In 1974, Arriola teamed up with Ted S. Nelson in the Democratic Party of Guam Gubernatorial Primary. In the primary, Arriola-Nelson placed 4th against the teams of Ricardo J. Bordallo and Rudolph G. Sablan, Pedro C. Sanchez and Esteban U. Torres, and Manuel F.L. Guerrero and David D.L. Flores, with 1,254 votes.
A constitutional referendum was held in Switzerland on 19 April 1874. The new constitution was approved by 63.2% of voters and a majority of cantons. It gave more responsibilities and powers to the federal government.
In order to pass, any amendments to the constitution needed a double majority; a majority of the popular vote and majority of the cantons. The decision of each canton was based on the vote in that canton. Full cantons counted as one vote, whilst half cantons counted as half.
He was a delegate to the 12th National People's Congress and is a delegate to the 13th National People's Congress. He is a representative of the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China.
Mitchell was born on May 24, 1947, in Modesto, California. Mitchell's father was William Mitchell and her mother was Doris Mitchell. 
Mitchell was a National Merit Scholar at Stanford University, where her work included an independent study project on Brillouin scattering in bromine.  In 1969, Mitchell graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree in physics from Stanford University with distinction and Phi Beta Kappa. She followed in the footsteps of her grandmother, Eulalia Richardson Mitchell, who also earned Stanford physics degrees in 1910 and 1912.
During the mid-1990s Mitchell moved from the Watson Research Center to a different IBM group in Vermont and then (after a short leave as a visiting professor at the University of Illinois) to IBM's Printing Systems Division in Colorado. In 2007 IBM sold their Printing Systems Division to Ricoh, and Mitchell went with them to the resulting joint venture, InfoPrint Solutions. She retired in 2009, and died on December 2, 2015.
Kalku or Calcu, in Mapuche mythology, is a sorcerer or witch who works with black magic and negative powers or forces.  The essentially benevolent shamans are more often referred to as machi, to avoid confusion with the malevolent kalku. Its origins are in Mapuche tradition.
The word kalku is a borrowing from Puquina language Its adoption by Mapuches fits into a pattern of parallels in the Mapuche and Central Andean cosmology (Inca religion) dating back to the times of Tiwanaku Empire when Puquina was an important language.
The kalku is a semi-mythical character that has the power of working with wekufe "spirits or wicked creatures". An example of a wekufe is the Nguruvilu. The kalku also have as servants other beings such as the Anchimayen, or the Chonchon (which is the magical manifestation of the more powerful kalku).
A mapuche kalku is usually an inherited role, although it could be a machi that is interested in lucrative ends or a "less powerful", frustrated machi who ignores the laws of the admapu (the rules of the Mapuches).
Kalku is the main antagonist of 2020 Annecy nominated Chilean-Brazilian featured animated film Nahuel and the Magic Book created by Carburadores and German Acuna .
This article relating to a myth or legend from South America is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Alia's Birth is a 2021 independent drama film by Sam Abbas starring Poorna Jagannathan, Nikohl Boosheri, Maya Kazan, and Samuel H. Levine.
In April 2019, it was announced Poorna Jagannathan, Nikohl Boosheri, were cast for Alia's Birth, with Sam Abbas directing the film. Tatiana Bears, Nicole Townsend and Abbas were producing, with Sig De Miguel and Stephen Vincent co-producing. Shortly after the rest of the cast was released.
In May 2020, The Hollywood Reporter released a first-look of the feature with major information. The film was shortlisted for the 2020 Cannes Film festival before the festival was cancelled because of the COVID-19 pandemic. Abbas made it clear that the film was for theatrical viewings only. It would never have a life outside of theatres; no DVD/Blu-ray/VOD release. The film premiered on 26 August 2021.
The Guardian was the first to review saying "the sudden onrush of biological imperative gives this footage a gripping undeniability and focus that this loosely collaged account of a foundering Brooklyn relationship has been searching for".
The kuraka was an aristocrat who frequently, but not always, descended from the previous generation. Kuraka means 'superior' or 'principal', and his authority was granted by the Inca. Each ayllu actually had four kurakas: upper and lower (hanan and hurin), and each of these had an assistant. However, of the four, one kuraka was still superior to the rest.
One of the functions of the kurakas was to choose a bride for adult males, aged 25 and over, who could not choose, or had not chosen, a wife. The kurakas could also decide, in the event two men wanted to marry the same woman, which man would be allowed to marry. The kurakas also dealt with minor crimes, but had to refer major crimes to the provincial capital. Among other duties, the kurakas settled disputes, allocated agricultural lands, organized community events, and officiated ceremonies.
Cody Balogh (born February 14, 1986) is a former American football offensive lineman. He was signed by the Bears as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Montana.
Cody was first-team all-conference at Steilacoom High School, in Steilacoom, Washington, on both offense and defense in both his junior and senior years, respectively. He was named a first-team all-state by the Tacoma News Tribune and participated in the Washington All-Star Game as a senior. He also was a two-year starter in basketball and played on a team that was ranked No. 2 in the state his senior year.
Balogh was undrafted in the 2008 NFL Draft. In May 2008, Balogh tried out for the Chicago Bears in their annual rookie minicamp following the draft. After the rookie minicamp, Balogh was signed as an undrafted free agent. His arrival on the scene was considered a "nice surprise" by the Chicago Sun-Times.
After spending his rookie season on the practice squad, Balogh was re-signed to a future contract on December 29, 2008. Cody was waived on the September 5 cutdown to the 53 man regular season roster.
Cody is the son of Steven and Patricia Balogh. In college, he majored in health and human performance.
Hollis Scarborough  is an American psychologist and literacy expert who is a senior scientist at Haskins Laboratories in New Haven, Connecticut. She has been a leading researcher in the area of reading acquisition since 1981, and has been involved with efforts to improve US national policy on the teaching of reading.
Sodium nitrite/sodium thiosulfate, sold under the brand name Nithiodote, is a fixed-dose combination medication used as an antidote for cyanide poisoning. It contains sodium thiosulfate and sodium nitrite. It is given by intravenous infusion into a vein.
Giovanni Migliorini (born February 21, 1931 in Milan) was a retired Italian professional football player. He died in 1980.
This biographical article related to association football in Italy, about a forward born in the 1930s, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Hylobius pinicola, the couper collar weevil, is a species of pine weevil in the family of beetles known as Curculionidae. It is found in North America.
Hattarvik was founded in 900. The stone church was built in 1899. Some old stone houses are currently being restored. These houses are said to relate to the Flokksmenn. These were three strong men who wanted to seize power in the Faroe Islands in the 15th century.
Whiteman Air Force Base is a United States Air Force base located just south of Knob Noster, Missouri, United States. The base is the current home of the B-2 Spirit bomber. It is named for 2nd Lt George Whiteman, who was killed during the attack on Pearl Harbor.
After the end of World War II, operations at the airfield declined, and many of the buildings were abandoned. In December 1947, the base was put on inactive status.
In August 1951, the base was renamed again, to Sedalia Air Force Base, as it was now part of the United States' newest military service branch, the US Air Force.
In October 1952, the base was turned over to the 340th Bombardment Wing. Improvements were made to the 1942 runway, as well as other base facilities, and Strategic Air Command (SAC) scheduled the base to receive squadrons flying the B-47 Stratojet and the KC-97 Stratofreighter. The first B-47 landed at the base in March 1954.
On 3 December 1955, the base was renamed Whiteman Air Force Base in honor of 2nd Lieutenant George A. Whiteman, an Army Air Corps pilot who was killed during the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor while attempting to take off from Bellows Field. Whiteman was born in Longwood, Missouri, and graduated from Smith-Cotton High School in Sedalia, less than 20 miles from the base that would bear his name.
In 1963, Whiteman AFB transitioned from being a bomber base to a missile base. SAC activated the 351st Strategic Missile Wing at Whiteman on 1 February. On 1 September, having retired its B-47 and KC-97 aircraft, the remnants of the 340th Bombardment Wing were transferred to Bergstrom AFB, Texas where it assumed control of the B-52 Stratofortress and KC-135 Stratotanker assets of the inactivating 4130th Strategic Wing.
The transition of Whiteman AFB from a bomber base to missile base required massive military construction (MILCON) projects. 867,000 cubic yards of earth and rock were excavated to make room for underground launch facilities and 15 launch control centers. 168,000 yards of concrete, 25,355 tons of reinforcing steel, and 15,120 tons of structural steel were used in the effort, and a vast underground intersite cable network was installed.[citation needed]
The 351st employed the LGM-30 Minuteman weapons system, an ICBM capable of hitting targets up to 4300 miles away. In the mid-1960s, the Minuteman I missiles were swapped out in favor of the Minuteman II, an ICBM with increased range and an improved guidance system.[citation needed]
In the 1980s, Whiteman AFB became the first missile base to field an all-female Minuteman missile crew, as well as the first male and female Minuteman crew.
On 30 November 1988, SAC announced that the 509th Bomb Wing would divest its FB-111 and KC-135 aircraft, relocate from its then-home station of Pease AFB, New Hampshire which was being realigned as an Air National Guard base pursuant to BRAC, and become the nation's first operational B-2 bomber unit. On 17 December 1993, Whiteman AFB's first B-2 touched down on the installation's runway. 21 B-2s would eventually be produced, 20 of which are still operational. All 20 are based at Whiteman AFB.
On 1 Apr 1994, the 442nd Fighter Wing of the Air Force Reserve Command relocated to Whiteman AFB with their A-10 Thunderbolt II aircraft to become a tenant command at Whiteman AFB following the BRAC-directed closure of their former home station, Richards-Gebaur AFB, Missouri.
Units marked GSU are Geographically Separate Units, which although based at Whiteman, are subordinate to a parent unit based at another location.
In addition to a successful career in archaeology, Aguigah has also held high political offices in the Government of Togo.
In 2012, Aguigah became director of the Independent National Electoral Commission (CENI) in Benin. Her time at CENI was not without controversy: she announced that elections could be ready in May 2013, ahead of the government's expected date of October, which caused opposition from the government. She had previously been an RTP candidate in the 2007 legislative elections. She has been outspoken about the need for internal and external investment on the archaeological heritage of Togo.
Wells-Jankovic syndrome is a rare neurologic disorder characterized by spastic paraparesis presents in late childhood along with hearing loss.
In 1986 Wells and Jankovic reported the condition in 6 males. There have been no new cases in the literature since 1986.
The stadium comprises the Main Stand of 8000 seats, with grass banking on the remaining three sides. The Back Stand opposite the Main Stand can accommodate 12000, with the remaining ends 4000 each.
Shimizu S-Pulse used the ground extensively in the 1990s, largely sharing home stadium duties with Nihondaira Stadium at the dawn of the J.League in 1992. S-Pulse called Kusanagi home while Nihondaira was being expanded in 1994, and its pitch re-laid in 2003. However, Shimizu have not used the stadium for competitive games since 2003.
The forest inn, Deisterpforte, was built in 1876 by the Ratskeller publican, Christian Bauer, on the edge of Springe as a daytrippers' destination; it is still in operation.
The Tougouri Department is a department or commune of Namentenga Province in northern Burkina Faso. Its capital is the town of Tougouri.
The song "Step Out of Hell" from the Helloween album Chameleon is written by Roland Grapow about Schwichtenberg's problems with drug abuse.
After Helloween, Schwichtenberg's father had died in February 1995, and he slid further and further into his schizophrenic episodes, culminating in his suicide on 8 March 1995 by jumping in front of an S-train in his native hometown Hamburg. He was 29 years old.
Schwichtenberg's replacement in the band was Uli Kusch. Helloween dedicated the album The Time of the Oath to him. His friend Kai Hansen had dedicated the song "Afterlife" from Gamma Ray's Land of the Free to him. Michael Kiske also made a tribute to Schwichtenberg with the track "Always" from his first solo album Instant Clarity.
This biographical article relating to volleyball in Slovakia is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
After a long time as an activist and director of the Partito Comunista Italiano (PCI) and of the Democratici di Sinistra (DS), he became a deputy in the Italian Chamber of Deputies in 1996, and was re-elected to that role in 2001 and 2006.
In the XIV Legislatura he became the DS's capogruppo on the Commission on Institutional Affairs of the Chamber and a member of the Bicameral Anti-mafia Commission.  On 4 May 2006 he was elected vice-president of the Chamber of Deputies.
Following the 4th Congress of the DS, which sanctioned the birth of the Partito Democratico, Leoni left the DS and joined the Sinistra Democratica.
See tips for writing articles about magazines. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.
See tips for writing articles about magazines. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.
The jaws ratio is a measure used in finance to demonstrate the extent to which a trading entity's income growth rate exceeds its expenses growth rate, measured as a percentage.
Strictly speaking, it is not a true ratio in that the calculation is not expressed as one number divided by another, and is calculated as follows:
The jaws ratio is significant in that a larger positive value demonstrates that a trading entity is effectively generating more income over time than it is generating expenses, thereby potentially increasing its profitability, and profitability growth rate.
The ratio may also be a negative percentage, which should be a cause for concern for the owners/management of a trading entity as this will over time result in eroded profitability.
Jaroslav Otruba was born in Olomouc, Morava, then part of the Austro-Hungarian Empire. He was the son of a cabinetmaker. His life spanned several turbulent periods of Czech Republic's history:  World War I before the dissolution of the Austro-Hungarian Empire in 1918; under Nazi occupation from 1939 until the end of World War II in 1945; and under the rule of the communist Soviet Republic from 1948 to 1989.
Jaroslav Otruba's most prolific work, particularly in architecture, was produced during the latter part of the 20th century. He contributed to the urban design and planning of Prague and the rest of Czech Republic. He is best known for his contributions to the creation, design, and development of the Prague Metro system.
Jaroslav Otruba was both an architect and urban planner. One of his more visited contributions are the colorful aluminum tiles found in Line A of the Prague Metro. The artistic style of the tiles draws on the op-art movement of the 1960s and it is considered a Prague tourist attraction.
During the closure of Czech universities Jaroslav Otruba joined the studio-office of F. Stalmach and J. Svoboda as an architect.
In August 1945, the University of Architecture and Civil Engineering hired Jaroslav Otruba as an assistant professor, participating in a vast study of surgical hospital departments for his dissertation. During this period, he helped create the Department of Medical Architecture at the University. In 1953, he received his Doctorate in Architecture. From 1956 to 1959 he completed a second dissertation on maternity wards.
Otruba designed a thermal colonnade in Karlovy Vary in 1961, as part of a larger urban design for the spa town. The colonnade was never completed.
In 1979 Jaroslav Otruba was transferred to Metroproject, a new department tasked with building the massive Prague public transportation system. As lead architect and designer, he oversaw the creation of the A and C lines of the Prague Metro. Jaroslav Otruba is the designer of the distinctive aluminum tiles that can be found throughout the Metro A line.
In the 1990s he experimented with abstract painting, concentrating on lines and colors, movement of lines and circles, sometimes interpreting a city within a dramatic storm. In 2000 he started to paint different cities and small towns from old maps. In 2001 an illness prevented him from continuing his passion for painting.
Jaroslav Otruba did not pursue exhibition or compensation for his paintings. He had one art exhibition at Most Hospital in 1983. His paintings are held in private collections in Europe, the United States, and Australia. After his death in 2007, his wife sold one of his paintings in an art auction at Prague Gallery Kodl in 2009
This article incorporates text from the United States National Library of Medicine, which is in the public domain.
The Palazzo Dondini Ghiselli  is a Neoclassical-style palace located on Via Barberia #23, corner with Via Mario Finzi, in central Bologna, region of Emilia-Romagna, Italy.
The palace was designed by Alfonso Torreggiani; with a facade completed in 1753. In 1773, the grand entry staircase was built by Giangiacomo Dotti, with statues by Antonio Schiassi and a fresco of the Aurora by Pietro Fabri. The elevated garden behind the Via Barberia facade, and overlooking the Piazza Malpighi was once a stable built in 1612 by Pietro Fiorini.
All's Fair is an American television sitcom from Norman Lear that aired one season  on CBS from 1976 to 1977. The series co-starred Richard Crenna as a conservative political columnist and Bernadette Peters as a liberal photographer, and their romantic mismatch because of age and political opinions. The program also featured  Michael Keaton in an early role as Lanny Wolf.  Peters was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for her role.
In Washington, D.C., an older (49) conservative columnist Richard C. Barrington (Richard Crenna) and a young (23) liberal photographer Charlotte (Charley) Drake (Bernadette Peters) become romantically involved.  The complications of their politics and the age difference provide the story lines. They are "separated by politics, generation gap, manners and living styles".
Barrington is a gourmet cook who lives in a luxurious Washington townhouse, and Drake is a vegetarian. Barrington has a girl friend, a literary agent (Salome Jens), when he first meets Drake. The style of the show is "almost constant hysteria, the rapid pacing set to the sounds of argumentative shouting."
The reviewer for Knight News Wire wrote that the show "looks like the best new comedy series of the year...The show looks sound in both writing and acting ... the characters spend a lot of time shouting. Lear seems to have decided ... that high-decibel dialogue is necessary to hold the attention of a large audience."
The critic for The New York Times wrote that "The casting is first-rate and the finger-snapping pace of the show leaves just about everything looking easy and undemanding.
The reviewer for Copley News Service wrote that he did not believe in the relationship (between Crenna and Peters). However, he wrote that "it works. It works because Crenna is an expert farceur and Peters is, well, cute and full of the old ginger. It works because the dialogue has crackle and wit. ...  Peters has spunk and spirit and a bawdy and snappishly delightful wit ... a well-paced, intelligently conceived and altogether trenchant comedy and I don't see how it can miss."
Rhyothemis fuliginosa, also known as the butterfly dragonfly or the butterfly flutterer, is a species of dragonfly of the family Libellulidae found throughout East Asia, in the countries of Japan, China, Taiwan, and the Korean Peninsula.
Flights occur between the months of June and September. They are most active from early summer to the mid-autumn season.
Rhyothemis fuliginosa is a short and stout dragonfly with a body length of 32-41 millimeters in length. The wings are 30-40 mm across and patterned with a deep blue iridescent shade. Depending on the viewing angle, the dragonfly's wings can vary in color due to their light scattering properties, with some appearing golden in the light. The wing patterns are thought to be a determinant between members of the same species to avoid mating with the incorrect partner.
Males have spots on the tips of their hindwings, a feature that allows differentiation between male and female individuals. Southern Japanese specimens of R. fuliginosa feature spotted forewings and entirely pigmented hindwings.
Rhyothemis fuliginosa is found throughout East Asia, being known to have been spotted in China, Japan, Taiwan, and the Korean Peninsula. It has been known to extend its range further south into Vietnam as well.
In Japan the dragonfly is found throughout the main island of Honshu from as far north as Aomori Prefecture and can be found further south into the island of Kyushu's Kagoshima Prefecture. Overall, R. fuliginosa is found throughout the islands of Honshu, Shikoku, and Kyushu. There have been reports of sightings further north into Hokkaido as well. Its range further extends onto the offshore islands off the Japanese mainland, such as Tanegashima.
In Mainland China, R. fuliginosa is found in: Guangdong, Hebei, Henan, Hunan, Jiangsu, Jiangxi, Shaanxi, Shandong, Shichuan, and Zhejiang provinces. There are unconfirmed sightings in Hainan province as well.
It is a rare vagrant in Taiwan, with the first sighting of R. fuliginosa being recorded in 2007. Four other members of the genus Rhyothemis are found throughout the island in its absence, Rhyothemis regia, Rhyothemis severini, Rhyothemis triangularis, and Rhyothemis variegata.
Mating is short, and egg laying occurs almost immediately following mating. Eggs are deposited by the female on the surface of freshwater bodies. R. fuliginosa overwinters as a larva, feeding on small insects.
It has been previously known to exhibit swarming behavior, however as a result of habitat depletion and pollution with insecticide use, there has been significant population decline within Japan. Increasing urbanization has resulted visible population decline, with the butterfly flutterer becoming less and less abundant within metropolitan areas.
 Dhanpat Rai Nahar (1919 - 2009) was an Indian politician and trade unionist. He was the joint secretary of the All India Agricultural Workers Union 1982-1992 and vice president of the organisation 1992-2003. He was a member of the Punjab State Committee of the Communist Party of India (Marxist) until 2004.
Nahar hailed from a Hindu(kshtriya) family from Jalandhar District, Punjab. During his school years, he fought against caste-based meal segregation and men/women inequalities in society.During the Second World War he was sent to Singapore, and became a 2nd Lieutenant in the British Army. He came to join the Indian National Army. Nahar was arrested during the Manipur campaign of the INA. He was jailed until 1948.
After his release from prison, Nahar joined the Communist Party of India. He became a leader of the rural workers movement. He was the founding general secretary of Bharatiya Khet Mazdoor Union in Punjab. When the CPI was divided in 1964, he sided with the CPI(M). He became president of the Punjab unit of the AIAWU (the rural workers front of CPI(M)).
Jean Matter Mandler (born 1929) is Distinguished Research Professor of Cognitive Science at the University of California, San Diego and Visiting Professor at University College London.
Mandler is a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and of the Society of Experimental Psychologists. She has been active on the editorial board of several developmental journals.
In addition to his role in the Sunjata epic, Mande Bori is also a hero of hunters, and a legend claims he was born after his mother made a pact with a hunter spirit.
Mande Bori had at least one son, Faga Leye, who was the father of Mansa Musa. Under the Arabic form of his name Abu Bakr, Mande Bori is briefly mentioned by the 14th-century Arab historian Ibn Khaldun as Musa's ancestor.
Grey is best known as a cash-game player, but he also has several notable poker tournament wins to his name.
He has won two bracelets at the World Series of Poker, the first in 1999 and the second in 2005.  In addition, Grey made the final table of the 2003 $10,000 No Limit Texas hold 'em Main Event, where he finished eighth, receiving $160,000. Eventual winner Chris Moneymaker eliminated Grey.
Grey appeared in the second seasons of both the Poker Superstars Invitational Tournament and High Stakes Poker, and came second to Daniel Negreanu on Poker After Dark.
As of 2009, his total live tournament winnings exceed $1,500,000. His 15 cashes at the WSOP account for $913,691 of those winnings.
Das Spielzeug von Paris (English title Red Heels) is an Austrian silent film released in 1925 and directed by Michael Curtiz. It was the first film to feature French actress Lili Damita in the leading role.
Based on the novel Red Heels by Margery Lawrence, Das Spielzeug von Paris was filmed largely in Paris by the Austrian company Sascha-Film with the help of finance from the German FPS and the British Stoll film companies.
The film was well received by the film magazines of the time, although sometimes the storyline was criticised for being kitsch. Artur Berger's sets in particular were highly praised by film reviewers. The film was universally regarded as a success. Sascha-Film made two more films with the same team. Samuel Goldwyn invited Lili Damita to Hollywood after watching this film.
Some copies of the film still exist, the most complete having Spanish intertitles. An advertising trailer also exists.
The original score of the film is considered lost. In 2009, Austrian musician Florian C. Reithner composed and recorded a new score in which he plays the original "Welte - Kinoorgel" (a cinema organ by German organ manufacturer "Welte") at "Filmmuseum Potsdam", Germany. The new music was first brought to audience in a broadcast by French television channel "France 3" in Winter 2009.
He was born Abraham Finkelstein in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, but grew up mainly in Utica, New York. He became a professional singer as a youngster. 
Around 1908, he toured with Guy Brother's Minstrel Show, and helped form a vaudeville act "Weston, Fields and Carroll".
His first hit as a songwriter was "On the Mississippi" (1912), which he wrote the music for with Harry Carroll and Ballard MacDonald supplied the lyrics. In 1914 he wrote the lyrics to "Aba Daba Honeymoon", which was revived for the 1950 M.G.M. film Two Weeks With Love and thus got a renewed popularity which brought Fields large royalty incomes during his last two years.
Among Field's most prolific partnerships was the one with band leader and pianist Fred Hall, with whom Fields made plenty of records and co-wrote several songs, often with comic titles like "The Shoes We Have Left Are All Right", "You're My Little Rhapsody in Blue", and "I Can't Sleep in the Movies Anymore". Hall and Fields also broadcast together as Rex Cole's Mountaineers.
He suffered a stroke early in 1953 and was killed in a fire at Littlefield Nursing Home in Largo, Florida a little later the same year.
It operates as train number 22863 from Howrah Junction to Yesvantpur Junction and as train number 22864 in the reverse direction, serving the states of West Bengal, Odisha, Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu & Karnataka.
As is customary with most train services in India, coach composition may be amended at the discretion of Indian Railways depending on demand.
As the route is electrified, a Santragachi Junction-based WAP-4 powers the train up to its destination.
Encore: Live in Concert is a live double-LP by Argent which was released in December 1974, on Epic Records PEG 33079. The performance includes the Rod Argent penned Zombies hit "Time of the Season" (1968) and the Russ Ballard penned "I Don't Believe In Miracles" which was a UK #31 hit for Colin Blunstone in 1972. Blunstone had previously been the vocalist in the Zombies with Rod Argent.
The Reconquest of Constantinople (1261) was the recapture of the city of Constantinople by the forces of the Empire of Nicaea, leading to the re-establishment of the Byzantine Empire under the Palaiologos dynasty, after an interval of 57 years where the city had been the capital of the Latin Empire installed by the Fourth Crusade in 1204.
The recapture of Constantinople signalled the restoration of the Byzantine Empire, and on 15 August, the day of the Dormition of the Theotokos, Emperor Michael VIII entered the city in triumph and was crowned at the Hagia Sophia. The rights of the legitimate emperor, John IV Laskaris, for whom Palaiologos had been ostensibly ruling as a guardian, were brushed aside, and the young man was blinded and imprisoned.
Matsieng is a Setswana traditional music trio formed in 2005 in Gaborone, Botswana. They burst into the scene with their 2005 festive season album, Semakaleng. Known for their explicit lyrics, the trio has toured Botswana, Malaysia and South Africa.
Their latest album, Setswana Sa Borre, has topped charts locally and enjoys airplay in the neighbouring South Africa, driven by their most explicit song, Tinto song. Two of the boys are natives of Gabane and one is from Kanye.
He was the son of Captain William Bunbury McClintock-Bunbury and Pauline Caroline Diana Mary Stronge. He was educated at Eton College. He gained a commission in the Leicestershire Yeomanry, and later transferred to regular service in the Royal Scots Greys. In 1876 he served as High Sheriff of Carlow.
In 1921 Lord Rathdonnell was appointed to the Senate of Southern Ireland in his capacity as a peer. He attended the three meetings of the Senate prior to its dissolution in 1922. 
He was the son of John II of Glymes and Margaret of Rouveroy and succeeded his father as Lord of Bergen op Zoom. In 1494 he purchased the Croy Castle.
As his father, John III was an important political figure of his time. He was First Chamberlain at the Burgundian-Habsburg Court of Maximilian of Austria, Philip the Handsome, and Emperor Charles V. He became a Knight in the Order of the Golden Fleece and was sent in 1508 to England to arrange the marriage between Charles V and Mary Tudor. However, changes in the political alliances of the European powers meant this wedding never took place.
The party was established on 20 January 2007 by Harold Caballeros. It contested the 2011 general elections in alliance with Encuentro por Guatemala, nominating nominated Caballeros as its presidential candidate; Suger finished fifth in a field of ten candidates with 6% of the vote. In the Congressional elections the parties won six of the 158 seats.
Katselli's work frequently drew on her experience of displacement from her home region of Kyrenia after the 1974 Turkish invasion of Cyprus, including in her widely translated 1978 novel Galazia falaina.
Katselli was born Rina Charalambidis in 1938 in Kyrenia, in the northern part of the island of Cyprus.
In 1974, after the Turkish invasion of Cyprus, Katselli left her home in the newly occupied territory, settling first in Limassol and eventually in Nicosia. This displacement would become a central theme in her work.
In 1973, Katselli founded the publishing house Chryssopolitissa. After she left Kyrenia the following year, the Theatrical Organization of Cyprus in Nicosia staged several of her plays, including Xeniteia  and I treli giagia. Her work has also been performed by Theatro Ena and Italy's Accademia Nazionale di Arte Drammatica Silvio D'Amico.
Katselli also wrote nine novels, the best-known of which is 1978's Galazia falaina. Her work was frequently inspired by Cyprus' history and folk tradition, and she wrote both social drama and satire.
In 2017, her book Prosfugas ston topo mou was published in English translation by Armida Publications as Kyrenia's Legend: The Life and Time of Costas Catsellis. Other works available in English translation include the novel Galazia falaina, translated as Blue Whale, and her memoir Refugee in My Homeland: Cyprus 1974.
Katselli's introduction to politics was through her work with the guerrilla group EOKA in the late 1950s. However, she entered the political scene in earnest after the 1974 invasion and her displacement from her home province of Kyrenia.
"Chin Up Kid" is a song recorded by American pop punk band Forever the Sickest Kids for their third studio album J.A.C.K. It was released as the album's first official single on May 7, 2013 and is also the band's first single under the label Fearless Records. It was written by Jonathan Cook, Austin Bello, Caleb Turman, Kyle Burns, and Rico Garcia. A lyric video of the song was posted on the label's YouTube channel the day before the song was officially released.
An introduction to the song was featured as a hidden track on the pregap of J.A.C.K. The track is only available on physical copies of the album and can be heard if the disc is manually rewound past the beginning of "Chin Up Kid". The intro is one minute long, with the first fifteen seconds remaining silent until a brief orchestra is heard along with a choir singing the chorus of the song.
The music video was announced by the band on August 13, two days prior to its release. The video premiered on fuse on August 15 and contains live footage of the band performing on Warped Tour 2013.
"Chin Up Kid" received positive reception from fans and critics among its release. Luke O'Neil of MTV Buzzworthy stated, "If you're looking for pop-punk's "it gets better" summer anthem, then you've found it... Meet your new soundtrack to soldiering on."
Matthew Sievers of SF Media said, "'Chin-Up Kid' is pretty much what one can expect from these guys. It's catchy, upbeat and about getting over heartbreak... It works really well and gets you excited for what's to come on the album like any opener should." Chris Cave from Reviews From The Cave claimed "Chin Up Kid" was one of the songs from the album that stood out, saying it is "one of the more catchier songs on the album."
Chase Walbaum at Undertow Press said, "The track is classic FTSK and boasts one of the catchiest chorus' on the record. Kenzie Thomas of Ultimate Guitar listed "Chin Up Kid" as one of the highlights of the album.
Steven Wayne Jackson (born April 8, 1969) is a former American football defensive back for the Houston Oilers/Tennessee Oilers/Tennessee Titans from 1991 to 1999. He was selected by Houston in the 3rd round (71st overall) in the 1991 NFL Draft. In 1999, the Titans made it to Super Bowl XXXIV in which Jackson appeared as a substitute; however, they lost to the Kurt Warner-led St. Louis Rams.
Jackson entered his 17th season as a coach and first season as a cornerbacks coach with the Cincinnati Bengals on January 20, 2020. He helps lead the team's secondary, after spending nine seasons as a player in the league (1991-99).
Previously, Jackson spent two seasons (2018-19) with the New York Jets, where he served as the team's assistant defensive backs coach. During his two seasons coaching the Jets DBs, he helped guide S Jamal Adams to consecutive Pro Bowl appearances and first-team AP All-Pro nods. Adams also led the Jets in tackles in both seasons, and was voted by his teammates both years as the Curtis Martin Team Most Valuable Player.
Prior to his coaching career, Jackson played safety in the NFL for nine seasons (1991-99), all of which were with the Houston Oilers/Tennessee Titans. He entered the league as a third-round draft choice of the Oilers in 1991, and went on to post 14 career INTs and nine sacks. In his final season, he helped the Titans to an AFC Championship and concluded his career in Super Bowl XXXIV.
Before the NFL, Jackson was a four-year starter at Purdue University. As a senior, he earned All-American honors and was named semifinalist for the Jim Thorpe Award, given annually to the nation's top defensive back.
Jackson was born April 8, 1969, in Houston, Texas, and went on to attend Klein Forest High School in Houston. He has a daughter, Dominique, and a son, Stephen.
This biographical article relating to an American football defensive back born in the 1960s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Phranc's first solo LP fused elements of her punk rock past with acoustic folk music. She covers Bob Dylan's "The Lonesome Death of Hattie Carroll," comments on the image of girl groups ("Everywhere I Go (I Hear the Go Go's)"), and relays the personal tragedy of suicide in "Lifelover."
Folksinger was released on Rhino Records, and was licensed to Island Records in 1990. "Everywhere I Go (I Hear the Go-Go's)" is a bonus track on the Island version.
Arhaan Behll is an Indian television actor best known for portraying Krishna in Mann Kee Awaaz Pratigya, Kabir in Yehh Jadu Hai Jinn Ka! And Krishna Sajjan Singh in Mann Kee Awaaz Pratigya 2.
In 2009, his television debut occurred in Star Plus's popular TV series Mann Kee Awaaz Pratigya as Krishna Singh. It was his breakthrough and ran successfully till 2012.
The following year he starred in a cameo as Magadha emperor Chandragupta Maurya in Colors TV's Chakravartin Ashoka Samrat.
Two years later, Behll made a comeback portraying the prominent character Viraj Singh opposite Adaa Khan in Colors TV's Vish Ya Amrit: Sitara.
In 2021, Behll reprise his role Krishna Singh Thakur in Mann Kee Awaaz Pratigya 2 along with Pooja Gor.
Damodar Acharya is an Indian engineer and educationist. He served as the director of the Indian Institute of Technology Kharagpur from July 2007 to 30 June 2012. The government nominated Prof Acharya as a director on the central board of the Reserve Bank of India in October 2012.
 Angus Hargreaves Robinson (22 July 1907 - 17 October 1973) was the owner of a grazing property, 'Yanjettee', at Coolup, Western Australia, as well as being an amateur ornithologist. He made important studies of the birds on his property, including Australian magpies and Magpie-larks. He was a member of the Royal Australasian Ornithologists Union (RAOU), and made a Fellow of the RAOU in 1970.
Aballay (Spanish: Aballay, el hombre sin miedo) is a 2010 Argentine action drama film written and directed by Fernando Spiner. The film was selected as the Argentine entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 84th Academy Awards, but it did not make the final shortlist.
This article related to an Argentine film of the 2010s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This biographical article related to an Indian cricket person born in 1988 is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Pieter Willem Kasteleyn was born in Leiden on 12 October 1924. After finishing high school in 1942, Kasteleyn briefly studied chemistry in Amsterdam. After the war Leiden University reopened and he undertook the study of physics which he graduated in 1951. He defended his Ph.D. thesis working under S.R. de Groot in 1956.
In 1963 Kasteleyn was nominated Full Professor at the Lorentz Institute of Theoretical Physics in Leiden. In 1979 he was elected a member of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences. From 1981 to 1985 he acted as secretary of the Physics Section of the Academy. From 1978 to 1984 he was chairman of the Commission for Theoretical Physics of the Dutch National Physics Foundation. He retired in 1985.
While investigating dimers on a square lattice (essentially a domino tiling), he independently discovered combinatorial Fisher-Kasteleyn-Temperley algorithm. In a series of papers with C. M. Fortuin he developed random cluster model and obtained the FKG inequality.
Parliamentary elections were held in Norway in 1870. As political parties were not officially established until 1884, all those elected were independents. Voter turnout was 45.1%, although only 4.7% of the country's population was eligible to vote.
Marcus Harvey Steed (born 8 May 1975) is an English cricketer. Steed is a right-handed batsman who bowls right-arm medium-fast. He was born at Market Harborough, Leicestershire.
Steed initially represented the Northamptonshire Cricket Board, making his debut in List A for them against the Yorkshire Cricket Board in the 2001 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy. From 2001 to 2002, he represented the Board in 4 List A matches, he last of which came against the Yorkshire Cricket Board in the 1st round of the 2003 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy which was played in 2002.
In 2003, he joined Bedfordshire, making his Minor Counties Championship debut for the county against Cumberland. From 2003 to 2009, he represented the county in 34 Championship matches, the last of which came against Northumberland.  His debut for the county in the MCCA Knockout Trophy came against Suffolk in 2003. From 2003 to 2009, he represented the county in 13 Trophy matches, the last of which came against Staffordshire.
Steed also represented Bedfordshire in List A cricket when they were permitted to take part in the Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy. His first List A match for the county came against Warwickshire in the 3rd round of the 2003 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy. He played 2 further List A matches for the county against Cheshire in the 1st round of the 2004 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy which was played in 2003 and against Sussex in the 1st round of the 2005 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy.
In his career total of 7 List A matches, he scored 55 runs at a batting average of 11.00, with a high score of 22, while in the field he took a single catch. With the ball he bowled 18 wicket-less overs.
Sandro Trotti (born 1934) is a contemporary Italian painter. In 1972 Trotti became professor of Painting at the Accademia di Belle Arti in Rome, where he taught until 2000. He holds teaching posts in Peking and in Canton, in the People's Republic of China.
Trotti was born at Monte Urano, in the Marche region of central Italy, in 1934. He moved to Rome, where he became friend with other Italian important Masters as Luigi Montanarini, Domenico Purificato, Pericle Fazzini, Sante Monachesi and Corrado Cagli.
During the '60s Trotti's pictorial research is directed towards abstractionism and experimentations on glass and plastic materials: Cellophane, Cartesian Axes, Rice Beans, Televisions and Crates.
In the '70s Trotti develops a more figurative painting, which does not leave out the geometric shapes and realizes the famous series of "White Nudes" and portraits of the Japanese Yoko.
Since 1970 he has traveled abroad and in 1973 he exhibited in Syria, at the Urnina Gallery in Damascus.
He has traveled to Thailand and India, Egypt and the Middle East, thus enriching his pictorial research with new subjects and new suggestions (Buddhas and portraits of oriental women, a theme that returns throughout his career).
The portraits, the nudes of women, the landscapes of Rome and the Marche hills are pictorial themes constantly present in the art of Trotti.
In 1992 an exhibition in St. Petersburg, where he meets many artists and writers including the writer Vladimir Asimov, who will write an essay on his painting.
In the same year, a successful anthological exhibition in the Monumental Complex of San Michele a Ripa in Rome with a presentation by Carmine Benincasa.
Parallel to the pictorial activity Trotti also carries on the graphic design by making many etchings.
In 1998 an anthological exhibition in Ascoli Piceno and Monte Urano, with the presentation of Claudio Strinati.
In 1999 Trotti was invited to China, and exhibited in Canton, Peking and Shanghai. In 2007 he had another large exhibition in Shanghai, and was appointed professor of history of art at the China Central Academy of Fine Arts in Peking and at the Guangzhou Academy of Fine Arts in Canton.
In 2010 he was between few living painters to participate in "Romaccademia - a century of art from Sartorio to Scialoja", an exhibition held at the Vittoriano complex in Rome in honor of the great masters of the Academy of Fine Arts in Rome.
Over one hundred works by Sandro Trotti, donated by the artist to the Town of Fermo (Marche, Italy), will constitute a museum fund at the "Palazzo dei Priori".
The river Gesse forms all of the commune's eastern border; the Gimone forms all of its western border.
The MCV Evolution (stylised as eVolution; internal designation: MCV C102) is a low floor and low entry single-decker bus body built by Manufacturing Commercial Vehicles. It was unveiled in 2003 as the successor to the MCV Stirling. The MCV Evolution 2 (internal designation: MCV C124RLE) was launched, initially on Mercedes-Benz chassis in 2011.
The MCV Evolution is based on the Stirling that it has a rounded roof dome (no longer peaked) and a separately mounted destination display with either a double-curvature windscreen or a single-curvature windscreen and it is offered on the MAN 12.220 (A76), 12.240 (A76), 14.220 (A66) and 14.240 (A66) however there were plans to body on an even shorter MAN chassis, the 10.220, which can be built as short as 8.5m long.
From late 2005 it was offered on the Alexander Dennis Dart SLF. In October 2009, MCV and dealer Arriva Bus & Coach unveiled a MCV Evolution VDL SB180 at Coach and Bus Live 2009.
The MCV Evolution was also offered on larger full-size single-decker buses, such as the Volvo B7RLE, Volvo B8RLE, MAN A22 and Mercedes-Benz OC500LE; this was replaced by the long-wheelbase MCV Evora in 2018, although the Evolution 2 remains in production on shorter, more lightweight chassis.
One Evolution body was built on VDL SB200 chassis in 2012 as a static demonstrator for Arriva Bus & Coach, two years later it was sold to Richards Brothers in Wales.
Transport for London contractors Docklands Buses and Metroline both purchased examples, while Tranzit Group of New Zealand purchased 58. Go Bus of New Zealand currently operates 43 of the type, 31 being the 15.250 MAN chassis and the remaining 12 being 14.240 MAN chassis. 
The original Evolution body is internally designated by MCV as the C102 on Alexander Dennis, MAN, VDL, and Volvo chassis and as the C120LE on Mercedes-Benz chassis, while the Evolution 2 body is internally designated as the C124RLE on Mercedes-Benz and Volvo chassis and as the C130RLE on MAN chassis.
The GCR Class 11E was a type of 4-4-0 steam locomotive used by the Great Central Railway for express passenger services. Ten were built in the railway's own workshops at Gorton, Manchester during 1913; they remained in service until the mid-1950s.
Compared to the class 1 4-6-0, the omission of one coupled axle allowed a longer wheelbase between two adjacent axles of a 4-4-0 than with the 4-6-0, so the firebox could be positioned between the axles instead of on top of one of them; thus it could be deeper, giving better draughting which aided steaming. The shorter overall length meant that the boiler tubes were shorter, which also improved draughting.
On 27 February 1927, locomotive No. 5437 Prince George was hauling an express passenger train that was involved in a collision with a light engine at Penistone Yorkshire.
The people of Loures are involved in the cultivation of olive trees and vineyards and the raising of livestock. The indigenous Messara horse is extensively bred there.
The settlement appears in the Venetian censuses of the 16th century under the name Lures; 109 inhabitants are recorded in Pietro Castrofilaca's 1583 census.
This article about a building or structure in China is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Moss Kendrix was born in Atlanta, Georgia on March 8, 1917. He spent the majority of his early life in Atlanta.
Kendrix entered into Morehouse College and he served as the editor of the college newspaper The Maroon Tiger. He was a member of Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity and he was co-founder of Phi Delta Delta Journalism Society. It was the first society of its kind for African-American journalism students.
He transferred into Howard University School of Law in 1939. However, he went into workforce for work experience. At the same time, he married Dorothy Marie Johnson. They had two sons, Moss Kendrix, Jr. and Alan Kendrix.
At the same year, Kendrix founded a public relations firm named The Moss Kendrix Organization. The company motto, "What the Public Thinks Counts!" was also his mantra, which he embossed on the organization's letterhead. It was established in Washington, DC. Kendrix focused on accounts pursuing African-American consumers such as Carnation, National Dental Association, National Education Association, the Republic of Liberia and Ford Motor Company to name a few.
One of his career highlights was the acquisition of Coca-Cola as a client. He focused on marketing to African Americans, and worked with Coca-Cola until the 1970s.
Kendrix died of a heart ailment on January 4, 1989 at his home in Washington. He was married to Muriel Kendrix of Lexington, Massachusetts.
The 2016 Minneapolis shooting took place on June 29, 2016 in Minneapolis, Minnesota when a man named Anthony Sawina shot at five Somali-Americans, wounding two of them. Witnesses later recounted that Sawina shouted anti-Muslim expletives and claimed he was "going to kill [them] all." The attack was condemned by civil rights groups as part of a larger rise of Islamophobia in the United States leading up the 2016 presidential election.
Anthony Sawina had two previous convictions for carrying a handgun without a permit. Sawina was charged with multiple counts of second-degree assault with a dangerous weapon. His bail was set at $75,000 and faced up to seven years in prison. The police confirmed on June 30 that they were investigating the incident as a hate crime. The FBI also reviewed the case as a hate crime and for potential federal civil rights charges.
Sawina was tried on nine counts of felony, including attempted murder in the first degree. On May 11, 2017, Sawina was convicted of all charges, including attempted first-degree murder. Sawina received a 39-year sentence, which prompted him to angrily rebuke the judge. Sawina appealed his sentence in 2018 as excessive.
Minnesota Congressman Keith Ellison called for the U.S. Department of Justice to investigate the crime.
Jaylani Hussein, executive director of the Council on American-Islamic Relations in Minnesota (CAIR-MN), stated the attack was evidence of growing tension and fear for Muslims across America. Hassan Jama of the Islamic Association of North America called on "all Americans to stand with us, all Minnesotans to stand with us" and condemn the shooting as a hate crime.
Muhammad Nadeem Qureshi is a Pakistani politician who has been a member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab since August 2018.
He was elected to the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab as a candidate of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf from Constituency PP-216 (Multan-VI) in 2018 Pakistani general election. Parliamentary Secretary Punjab and Member Kashmir Committee. 
This article about a Member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This biographical article relating to volleyball in Russia is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Trelles was born in Guadalajara. As a child, he was very athletic, engaging in many different sports.  In his teenage years, Trelles's family relocated to San Miguel Chapultepec where he regularly played football in the streets.
Trelles turned 100 in July 2016. He died of a heart attack on 24 March 2020 at the age of 103, in Mexico City.
Campbell was born in Carleton, Ottawa, Ontario in 1891 according to official records, though he sometimes falsely claimed to have been born in Medicine Hat, Alberta, and gave a birth year of 1888.   He studied in Belfast, fought in Europe in the First World War, and after his first marriage and divorce in Canada returned to settle in England in 1930.  
Campbell toured widely in Britain, and made some recordings for the Columbia label.  From 1948, he wrote and presented serial radio stories on similar western themes.
Campbell died in 1952, aged 60, from a heart attack while on tour in Ipswich.  At the time, he was described as "one of Britain's most popular stage and radio stars."
Addison Transit Center is a bus-only station located along Quorum Drive and Addison Road in Addison, Texas (USA). The station opened in 1999. This transit center will become a rail station on the Silver Line when that line is completed in 2023.
The bus routes within the transit center serves Addison Circle Park as well as The Galleria of Dallas and Valley View Center.
This biographical article related to North Korean boxing is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about a North Korean Olympic medalist is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Mark Andrew Druce (born 3 March 1974) is an English former professional footballer who played as a forward for various teams in the Football League.
This biographical article related to association football in England, about a forward born in the 1970s, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
John Filippi (born 27 February 1995) is a French auto racing driver who competes in the World Touring Car Championship for Campos Racing.
Filippi started his karting career in 2007 in the Cadet class. He made his first international appearance in 2009. In 2009 Filippi competed in the European KF3 championship where he finished 40th in a Vortex powered Tony Kart. He also competed in the French Grand Prix Open Karting. The following two years the driver from Corsica competed in the KF2 class. He ended the 2011 season with two top-ten classifications in the French and Grand Prix Open championships.
After six years of karting John Filippi made is autoracing debut in 2007 at Circuit Paul Armagnac. The Corsican was entered by Equipe Palmyr in the amateur Single-seater V de V Challenge driving a Tatuus FR2000. Driving against other old Formula Renault and Formula Master cars he finished twelfth in his first race. He raced six races in his inaugural racing season and finished 25th in the standings.
Filippi became the youngest ever points scorer in a WTCC race at the Race of Morocco in Marrakech. This was followed by consistent pace in the TC2 class all season before clinching a class win at the Race of Japan
Again Filippi scored points to finish in Marrakech and at the Nordschleife. At the Race of China Filippi set a new career-best qualifying position with P7, before suffering from an accident in Race 1 which forced him to retire. In Thailand, it was much the same story with a strong qualifying but a Race 1 incident with Tiago Monteiro forced him to retire once again.
At the Race of Qatar qualified 10th and therefore lined up on pole position for Race 2. Filippi is currently the youngest driver ever to have started from pole position in a WTCC race at 20 years and 331 days old.
On February 9, 2016, Filippi's main sponsor Oscaro announced that Filippi would be continuing with Campos Racing in the TC1 Chevrolet for the 2016 World Touring Car Championship season. It was also announced that 4-time world champion Yvan Muller would be accompanying Filippi as a driver coach for the season.
Ancient manuscripts in Koine Greek containing this chapter are mainly of the Septuagint version, including Codex Vaticanus (B;       G     {\displaystyle {\mathfrak {G}}}  B; 4th century), Codex Sinaiticus (S; BHK:       G     {\displaystyle {\mathfrak {G}}}  S; 4th century), Codex Alexandrinus (A;       G     {\displaystyle {\mathfrak {G}}}  A; 5th century) and Codex Marchalianus (Q;       G     {\displaystyle {\mathfrak {G}}}  Q; 6th century).
The division of chapters and verses in the English Bibles (following Greek translations) differ from the traditional Hebrew text, as follows:
So I will restore to you the years that the swarming locust has eaten,  The crawling locust,  The consuming locust,  And the chewing locust, My great army which I sent among you.
Exact identity of these locusts is unknown, whether they represents "four varieties of insect" or "four various stages in the insect development" or "vernacular differences".
The section extends to chapter 3, dealing with the Day of the Lord which brings the deliverance and the ultimate vindication of God's people in Judah.
And it shall come to pass afterward  That I will pour out My Spirit on all flesh; Your sons and your daughters shall prophesy,  Your old men shall dream dreams,  Your young men shall see visions.
The sun shall be turned into darkness, And the moon into blood, Before the coming of the great and awesome day of the Lord.
And it shall come to pass That whoever calls on the name of the Lord Shall be saved. For in Mount Zion and in Jerusalem there shall be deliverance, As the Lord has said, Among the remnant whom the Lord calls.
The October 1679 English general election again returned a majority of members in favour of Exclusion. Consequently, this parliament  was known as the Exclusion Bill Parliament. It did not assemble until 21 October 1680, and was dissolved three months later on 18 January 1681.
Ivan Woods (born 31 December 1976 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada) is a Maltese footballer who currently plays for Maltese Premier League club Sliema Wanderers, where he plays as a striker.
This article about a specific military ship or boat of Sweden is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Babul Ki Galiyaan is a 1972 Hindi film directed by S. D. Narang. The film stars Sanjay Khan,  Hema Malini and Shatrughan Sinha. The film's music is by Ravi.
In poker, an overlay is the gap between a poker tournament's guaranteed prize pool and the actual prize pool generated by entrants.
Overlays are far more common in online poker than in live poker simply due to the volume of tournaments online and the fierce competition for players online.
The Protestant Church (Evangelische Kirche or. Ev. Kirche) in Borgholzhausen, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, is the church of the Lutheran parish there, which belongs to the Halle district of the Evangelische Kirche von Westfalen. The building dates back to the 14th century. It features a unique carved stone altarpiece from 1501.
A church in Borgholzhausen was first mentioned in a 1169 document as a church (Eigenkirche) of the Counts of Ravensberg. The present church, replacing earlier structures, was built beginning in 1340. It was expanded by a Gothic choir in 1496. A carved stone altarpiece was added in 1501.
The church became Lutheran during the Reformation, with the reformer Johannes Sandhagen. He was born in 1492, and introduced the Reformation in Borgholzhausen in 1535, followed by more pastors from his family. Catholic services were permitted at the church until 1624.
The interior of the church was restored in 1955/56. In 1975/76, additions from the 19th century were removed, archeological excavations were performed, and ornamental decoration of the ceiling refreshed.  The exterior, especially the plaster, was restored In 2010/11.
A monument in front of the church was erected in memory of soldiers who fell in the wars between 1864 and 1871.
The church is a hall church in late-Gothic style with one aisle. The main feature is a carved stone altarpiece dated to 1501, aimed at the majority of the congregation that could not read. It is a unique work of art in Westphalia. It depicts the Passion of Jesus in 13 scenes.
Nick Phipps (sometimes shown as Nicholas Phipps, born 8 April 1952) is a British bobsledder who competed from 1980 to 1992. He finished third in the Bobsleigh World Cup combined men's event in 1985-86.
Competing in two Winter Olympics, Phipps earned his best finish of 13th both in the two-man and four-man events at Albertville in 1992.
This biographical article relating to British bobsleigh is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Rough Music: Blair, Bombs, Baghdad, London, Terror is a 2005 book by British-Pakistani writer, journalist, political activist and historian Tariq Ali.
The book is a reaction to the 7 July 2005 London bombings, which Ali describes as "murderous mayhem that Blair's war has sown in Iraq". The book criticises perceived attacks on civil liberties. He invokes "great dissenters" of the past and calls for "political resistance, within Parliament and without".[non-primary source needed]
The book was reviewed in the peer-reviewed academic journal Current Issues in Criminal Justice and Arena magazine.
This article about a book on politics of the United Kingdom is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Bulolo Airport (IATA: BUL, ICAO: AYBU) is an airfield serving Bulolo, in the Morobe Province of Papua New Guinea.
This article about a Papua New Guinean building or structure related topic is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Louis the Gorilla (born May 12, 1999) is a western lowland gorilla who is known for walking upright in order to avoid muddying his hands. A clip of Louis that was posted to the Philadelphia Zoo's Facebook page became popular and he gained international fame.
Louis was born at the St. Louis Zoo on May 12, 1999 to his mother, Nne and father, Jabari. Louis arrived at the Philadelphia Zoo on July 13, 2004 along with his mother and father. In 2014, Louis moved into a bachelor troop with another gorilla, Kuchimba.[citation needed]
At the Philadelphia Zoo, Louis is known for his large size as he stands at six-feet tall and weighs 450 pounds. While Louis is very large, he is probably the shyest of all gorillas at the zoo according to his curator. However, he will charge at the glass on occasion.
Louis and another male, Kuchimba were transferred to the Zoo de Granby from the Philadelphia Zoo in February, 2020.
In March 2018, a video of Louis walking throughout his enclosure on two legs gained nearly 500,000 views in under a month on Facebook.
Butler was the brand manager of the Alternity role-playing game for Wizards of the Coast. He was part of the Alternity team with Bill Slavicsek, Rich Baker, Kim Mohan, David Eckelberry, and rk post. In 2000, Butler wrote an open letter announcing the cancellation of the Alternity and SAGA lines and explaining the reasons.
His design work for D&D includes The Sword of the Dales (1995), The Secret of Spiderhaunt (1995), The Return of Randal Morn (1995), AD&D Dungeon Master Screen & Master Index (1995), Netheril: Empire of Magic (1996), and Cormanthyr: Empire of the Elves (1998).
Techwood Music, Inc. was established in 1988 by then Turner Broadcasting Chairman and CEO Ted Turner to manage the vast music catalogue publishing and licensing rights created by motion pictures and television series produced by Adult Swim, Cartoon Network, CNN, TBS, TNT, TruTV, Turner Sports, Turner Studios and the now defunct WTBS-TV Channel 17 in Atlanta.
While Techwood Music owns the publishing and licensing rights to the music in its they do not own copyrights which are most likely owned by another Turner entity, the composer, a company controlled by the composer or a third party corporation.
The Techwood Music name is derived from owner Turner Broadcasting System's headquarters known as The Mansion on Techwood Drive NW in Atlanta, Georgia.
Pountney was born in Oxford and was a chorister at St John's College, Cambridge (1956-61). He was then educated near Oxford at Radley College (1961-66).  And then returned to St John's College, Cambridge to read his degree.
He has worked as a librettist for Sir Peter Maxwell Davies on The Doctor of Myddfai, Mr Emmet Takes a Walk and Kommilitonen!, and has translated opera librettos into English from Russian, Czech, German, and Italian.
He wrote the libretto for and directed Elena Langer's opera Figaro Gets a Divorce, which was premiered at the Welsh National Opera in February 2016. To great critical acclaim he directed Zandonai's exquisitely rare Francesca da Rimini at La Scala Opera House, Milan in 2018.  Later that year at Strasbourg he directed Kurt Weill and Arnold Schoenberg in Das Mahagonny Songspiel, Pierrot Lamaire and Die 7 Todsunden.
He was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in 1994 and was knighted in the 2019 Birthday Honours for services to opera.
Coal City High School is a four-year high school in north-central Illinois. At last count, the school had 650 students, and is a member of the IHSA and the Illinois Central Eight Conference. Coal City High School recently underwent renovation and was equipped with new science labs and a new auditorium and gymnasium.
Nayabahadurpur is a census town in the Suti I CD block in the Jangipur subdivision of the Murshidabad district in the state of West Bengal, India.
Note: The two maps present some of the notable locations in the subdivision. All places marked in the maps are linked in the larger full screen maps.
According to the 2011 Census of India, Nayabahadurpur had a total population of 9,239, of which 4,787 (52%) were males and 4,452 (48%) were females. Population in the age range 0-6 years was 1,663. The total number of literate persons in Nayabahadurpur was 4,513 (59.57% of the population over 6 years).
This article about a location in the Murshidabad district of West Bengal is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Esther Zaied was born in Safed to a Syrian Jewish family. She began performing as a child, singing Hebrew and international folk songs. In 1958, Esther met Abi Ofarim, a guitarist and dancer, whom she later married. She was a student in his dance studio in Haifa. Esther served four months in the Israeli Army before she was discharged due to her marriage to Abi.
In 1963 and 1964, Esther and Abi had success on the charts in Europe. In the fall of 1964, Esther embarked on a tour of the United States with the Smothers Brothers. Speaking about a performance at Oregon State University in Corvallis, Oregon. Jim Albright, campus correspondent, stated: Everyone expected the Smother Brothers to be great, but Ester [sic] turned out to be fabulous...people were amazed with her singing and her looks."
By 1965, Esther was well known throughout Europe. She headlined in the major concert halls and theaters. She starred in German films and had her own television specials on BBC and Eurovision.
 In 1966, Abi and Ofarim had their first hit with "Noch einen Tanz", an English version of which, "One More Dance", was a hit in the UK two years later, peaking at No. 13. Their greatest success in Germany was in 1967 with "Morning of My Life", which was written by the Bee Gees. In 1968 "Cinderella Rockefella" hit the top of the charts in a number of countries including the UK. They performed live concerts in New York City and London, and they toured Europe before separating in 1969.
Esther began recording as a solo artist in the early 1960s. She often sang in different languages. In 1967, she recorded, Esther im Kinderland, in which she sang 20 children's songs from eight countries in six different languages. After her divorce from Abi, she continued performing and released several albums.
On 25 February 1970, she co-starred in her own BBC television special The Young Generation Meet Esther Ofarim broadcast on BBC1.
In 1982, she released the album Complicated Ladies on Mercury Records with Eberhard Schoener, Wolf Wondratschek, and Ulf Miehe.
At the age of 18, Esther married Abi Ofarim on December 11, 1958. They separated in 1969, and their divorce was finalized in Germany in November 1970.
Esther later married assistant television director Philipp von Sell, who is 18 years her junior. They had a son, David von Sell, born in New York in 1983. Esther and Philipp divorced when David was nine. David is a musician, he attended Berklee College of Music in Boston.
Athletic Park is a former baseball ground located in Washington, D.C. The ground was home to the Washington Nationals aka "Statesmen", of the American Association in 1884.
The ballfield was located at S Street NW (south); 9th Street NW (east); T Street NW (north); and 10th Street NW (west); about a quarter mile southwest of the eventual site of Griffith Stadium. The club folded before the 1884 season ended.
The ballpark was first mentioned by that name in local newspapers in 1883, and continued to appear as a site for a variety of public events as late as 1888. By 1889 the block was being cut into lots for new housing. The site is now occupied by residences and education-related buildings.
This article about a baseball venue in Washington, D.C. is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
1-Hydroxy-7-azabenzotriazole (HOAt) is a triazole used as a peptide coupling reagent. It suppresses the racemization.
HOAt has a melting point between 213 and 216 degrees Celsius. As a liquid, it is transparent and without any color.
Castle was born on 14 September 1698 near Canterbury in Kent, where he received the most of his early education. He was admitted to Corpus Christi College, Cambridge, in 1716, graduating B.A. in 1719, and being made a Fellow in 1722.
Castle was appointed Public Orator for the University of Cambridge in 1727; he gave up the office in 1729, on being appointed to the vicarages of Elm and Emneth. He was then moved to Barley, Hertfordshire. In 1744 he was made rector of St Paul's School, London, in 1745 master of Corpus Christi College, and in 1746 vice-chancellor. In 1747 he was promoted to the Prebendary of Aylesbury at Lincoln Cathedral, and in 1749 to the deanery of Hereford.
Castle died at Bath on 6 June 1750. He was buried at Barley, Hertfordshire, where there was a Latin inscription to his memory.
Drummond/North Elmsley is a township in eastern Ontario, Canada in Lanark County. It is situated on the north shore of the Rideau River between the town of Perth and the town of Smiths Falls. It is a predominantly rural municipality.  The township offices are located in the hamlet of Port Elmsley.
The township comprises the communities of Armstrong Corners, Balderson, Beveridge Locks, Cook's Shore, Craig Shore, Drummond Centre, Ebbs Shore, Elmgrove, Ferguson Falls, Glenview, Innisville, McCreary's Shore, McCulloughs Landing, McNaughton Shore, Port Elmsley, Prestonvale, Richardson, Rideau Ferry, Robertson's Shore and Wayside.
The north-south Ontario Highway 7  passes through the township from Perth towards Carleton Place.  The east-west County Road 43 goes between Perth and Smiths Falls.
The Rideau Trail passes through the township twice, between Smiths Falls and Perth and to the south of Perth.
The Caledonian Railway 179 Class and 184 Class were 4-6-0 mixed-traffic locomotives designed by John F. McIntosh and built in two batches in 1913-14 and 1914-15 respectively, at the Caledonian Railway's own St. Rollox Works.  The differences between the two batches were minor, and they are often considered to be a single class.  
They were the last new locomotives designed by McIntosh before his retirement.  The type was essentially a superheated version of the earlier 908 Class and were built primarily for use on express goods trains, although they also worked on passenger traffic and were painted in the Caledonian's blue passenger livery.  The locomotives were the most successful of McIntosh's various 4-6-0 designs.
The locomotives passed into the ownership of the London, Midland and Scottish Railway upon its formation in 1923.  Although the older 908 Class were treated as passenger locomotives by the LMS, the 179s were classified as a freight type and were repainted into unlined black freight livery.  They continued in use until they were displaced by new LMS standard locomotives such as the Black Five 4-6-0s.
Although they outlasted most of the other McIntosh 4-6-0s they were withdrawn and scrapped between 1934 and 1946.
This article relating to steam locomotives operated in Scotland is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
General Brady is a command pilot with more than 3,000 hours in T-37, T-38, T-1, KC-135, C-21, and C-5.
General Brady's retirement ceremony was held December 13, 2010 at Ramstein AFB, Germany, and he ended active duty as of February 1, 2011. Since retirement, he has served on the board of trustees for Mid-Atlantic Christian University.
Runaway Nightmare is a 1982 American dark comedy thriller film written, edited, directed by, and starring Mike Cartel. It also stars Al Valetta, Seeska Vandenberg, Georgia Durante, and Jody Lee Olhava, and follows two desert worm ranchers who find themselves caught between a female death cult and the mafia over precious stolen plutonium. The film developed a cult following and had a national theatrical re-release in 2014.
Two Death Valley worm wranglers, Ralph (Mike Cartel) and Jason (Al Valetta) secretly watch strangers bury a coffin in an empty ravine. When the gravediggers leave, Ralph and Jason uncover the shallow grave to find a beautiful woman marked with the name "Fate" (Seeska Vandenberg) unconscious in the box.
After saving Fate's life, the worm ranchers get abducted by several female cultists who were searching for their recently vanished sister-member, Fate. At the cult commune, Ralph and Jason finish a series of lunatical ordeals that earn them membership in the clan. Amiable Jason quickly finds romance from the group while hostile Ralph is treated with contempt.
The cult boss, Hesperia (Cindy Donlan) tells the men that Fate had been negotiating with a gunrunning cartel to help her sell something priceless (referred to as platinum) on the world market for a fee, but was instead betrayed.  The cartel group then buried Fate as a warning. Fate says the mysterious contraband is under guard at the cartel desert warehouse, that she knows intimately. Hesperia leads a break-in to steal back the platinum, using Ralph and Jason as expendable decoys.
The heist is successful but the outraged cartel follow the cult and attack the commune in a ferocious gun battle. Hesperia loads her girls and Jason in a helicopter from the commune roof to the worm ranch. Ralph is left behind, captured and brought back to the warehouse for a tortuous interrogation. At the moment before death, an explosion from a time bomb set earlier by Ralph saves him, while eliminating his tormentors.
Fate meets Ralph after answering his phone call for help. She drives to the commune, gets Ralph to tell where he hid the mysterious platinum box, then casually shoots him.  Unknown to Fate, Ralph still wears an armored vest (under his shirt) from the earlier gunfight but plays dead as Fate drives away.
Ralph learns that Hesperia has abandoned her cult, flying away as mystically as she had arrived. With sly malice, Ralph puts the confused women to work on his worm ranch. While delighted with the arrangement, Ralph and Jason see what seems to be another human burial down their hill. This time, the coffin's payload is far worse, but may be just what vampiric Ralph has needed all along.
The unfinished second draft of Runaway Nightmare was rushed into production by Mike Cartel after having taken over direction of his ailing film project Bitter Heritage in late 1978.
With a 48-hour turnaround and pre-production, Runaway Nightmare began filming with the same Bitter Heritage crew and location set. For casting, Cartel asked actors Al Valetta and Georgia Durante from Bitter Heritage to join the production while Cartel's wife, Mari filled most of the actress roles with model/actress acquaintances from her days as a Jack LaLanne health spa manager and aerobics teacher.
After a horrific three-week schedule, Cartel was unsatisfied with the coverage (while editing himself) and started shooting on weekends with a skeleton crew, cheap Friday-Monday rentals, scratch track sound, staged from his own home studio with movable sets and unpaid or deferment-paid actors while going without insurance or permits. Everything except lab and raw stock bills were bargained or bartered as filming labored for another two years, although there were weeks when nothing was filmed.
Cartel also saved money by doing his own dangerous stunts that included taking a shotgun blast to his chest while wearing a cheap bullet-resistant vest; crashing through a glass window door; falling down a concrete cellar staircase; having a "stunt" bottle smashed across his face, then doing a barroom fight scene with a very large bar patron he met the morning of the improvised sequence.
Runaway Nightmare features three individual songs that play during the film, including two written for the movie, "Hard to Find" and "Sunnin'", and "If You Won't Say You Love Me", written by Cartel's mother and released by Imperial Records in 1955.
Cartel spent another year in post-production until the project arrived in 1982 as an 8460-foot answer print. Contracted with one distributor, Cartel later discovered Runaway Nightmare online as a home video, marketed by a completely different distributor (with unauthorized nude inserts spliced into several scenes) where it was released as one of the first straight-to-video VHS cassettes.
After several years without fanfare, the "underground" film Runaway Nightmare slowly developed a loyal cult following.
A film restoration and distribution company, Vinegar Syndrome, approached Cartel in 2013 regarding his possible interest in a modern "director's cut" (without the bizarre nudity) release of Runaway Nightmare in several forms of media.
In early June 2014, Runaway Nightmare arrived on DVD, Ultra HD Blu-ray, and even a retro-VHS version from Tyler Babtist's Videonomicon. An audio commentary came with the new release where Cartel could finally explain his singular production backstory, scene by scene with film historian/filmmaker Howard S. Berger, moderator (film preservationist/distributor) Joe Rubin and polymath Mari Cartel.
The next month, Runaway Nightmare premiered in its first 35 mm showing as a theatrical release, followed by a national cinema tour.
Joe Yanick of Diabolique Magazine called the film "an enigma; a sexploitation without the nudity; a rare hybrid quasi-exploitative-horror-comedy-western-noir that has been salvaged from the past [...] let yourself go and have some fun."
This article on a moth of the family Pterophoridae is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
K A Narayan, also known as Narayan, was an Indian screenwriter who is known for many acclaimed films such as Johny Mera Naam (1970), Victoria No. 203 (1972) , Jewel Thief (1967), Geet Gaya Patharon Ne (1964), Ek Musafir Ek Hasina (1962) and many more.[citation needed]
Lord King served as Councillor on Sandwell Metropolitan Borough Council from 1979 to 2007; he was a deputy mayor from 1982 to 1983. He was created a life peer on 22 July 1999 as Baron King of West Bromwich, of West Bromwich in the County of West Midlands. From 1999 to 2003 he was a member of the Hybrid Instruments Committee. After 2006 he was Treasurer of the All-party parliamentary group on India.
Lord King was a member of National Advisory Group for Gun Control of National Police Service and President of the Black Country Housing and Community Services Group. He was also the Patron of the Universal Peace Federation which is an affiliate of the Unification Church.
Lord King died of a suspected heart attack on 9 January 2013, at Euston station in London.  He was 75.
MasterChef Australia is an Australian competitive cooking game show based on the original British MasterChef. It is produced by Shine Australia and screens on Network 10. Restaurateur and chef Gary Mehigan, chef George Calombaris and food critic Matt Preston served as the show's main judges until 2019, when they were replaced by Series 4 winner and chef Andy Allen, food critic Melissa Leong, and restaurateur and chef Jock Zonfrillo.
MasterChef Australia has a different format from that of the original British MasterChef and MasterChef Goes Large formats. Initial rounds consist of a large number of hopeful contestants from across Australia individually "auditioning" by presenting a food dish before the three judges in order to gain one of 50 semi-final places. Entrants must be over 18 years old and their main source of income cannot come from preparing and cooking fresh food in a professional environment.
MasterChef Australia airs five nights a week from Sunday to Thursday. Each night features a different episode format, however some episodes modify the format slightly. The typical episode formats are as follows:
Monday episodes feature the Pressure Test. The bottom three from the previous night's challenge are given a recipe for a particular dish they are to emulate in an allocated time. Once completed they are taken in to the judges to be tasted, before all three contestants are seated in front of the judges for critiquing. The judges then eliminate the contestant out of the three that performed least adequately in the test.
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Australia, the format for Series 12 was changed again, to a three-day format from mid-June, in which the winners of the Mystery Box on Monday participated in the Immunity Challenge on Tuesday. The winner of the challenge was immune from Sunday's All-In Elimination. Pressure Tests and Team Challenges were discarded and only one contestant was eliminated each week.
The first series of MasterChef Australia was broadcast between 27 April 2009 and 19 July 2009. Applications for contestants closed on 8 January 2009, with subsequent auditions held in Perth, Brisbane, Melbourne, Adelaide and Sydney. Over 7000 people auditioned for the show.
The Top 50 portion of the series was filmed at the Australian Technology Park in Sydney. From the Top 20 onwards, filming was moved to a studio on Doody Street in Alexandria, Sydney. The series one finale was filmed on 2 July 2009, two and a half weeks before its actual television broadcast.
The second series of MasterChef Australia premiered on 19 April 2010, with the initial call for contestants held in mid-2009.
Other changes to Season 2 include not showing the initial auditions, with the series beginning instead with the Top 50 which were filmed at a Redfern Train Works building in Sydney, and having a Top 24 instead of a Top 20. Also, unlike Season 1, the last 45 minutes of the finale were broadcast live.
On 4 July 2010, Network Ten confirmed the return of MasterChef with new judge Matt Moran joining the original judges for series 3.
MasterChef Australia premiered Sunday 6 May on Network Ten. Regular judges, chefs George Calombaris and Gary Mehigan and food critic Matt Preston, returned for Season 4.
Network Ten confirmed in August 2012 that they have commissioned a fifth series for 2013. The program was filmed at the Melbourne Showgrounds in Ascot Vale, Victoria. Emma Dean won, with Lynton Tapp as the runner-up.
Network Ten confirmed in August 2013 that they had recommissioned the show for another series, which aired in 2014. The program was once again filmed in Ascot Vale, Victoria at the Melbourne Showgrounds. In addition to the return of all three judges, Kylie Kwong was a guest mentor who appeared during the immunity challenges. Heston Blumenthal and Marco Pierre White joined the show for a full week of challenges.
The eighth season premiered on 1 May 2016. It was won by Elena Duggan with Matt Sinclair as runner-up.
The eleventh season premiered on 29 April 2019. This season, former contestants Poh Ling Yeow, Billie McKay, and Matt Sinclair replace Shannon Bennett as in-house mentors. This is the final season to feature Gary Mehigan, George Calombaris and Matt Preston as the show's judges.
In October 2019, it was announced that Jock Zonfrillo, Melissa Leong and season four winner Andy Allen would replace Mehigan, Calombaris and Preston as series judges. It was also announced that they would be joined by previous contestants who had returned to have another chance to win the title of "Masterchef" and the A$250,000 grand cash prize.
It was won by Justin Narayan scoring 125 points with Pete Campbell as runner-up with 124 points and Kishwar Chowdhury in third place with 114 points.  Only one ending was filmed where in some previous years two endings were filmed.  This led to speculation that the winner had been leaked and influenced betting.
Celebrity MasterChef Australia, a spin-off featuring celebrities as contestants began production in early September 2009, and aired for ten weeks starting from 30 September 2009. The celebrity version, which features a heats and semi-finals format similar to MasterChef Goes Large, is based around weekly episodes.
Presenter Sarah Wilson did not return to present the show. Ten states that she was dropped because "the appropriate role for Sarah was not achievable without dramatically changing the format", but Gary Mehigan, George Calombaris and Matt Preston returned as judges, Calombaris and Mehigan took Wilson's presenting role. It was won by Olympic swimmer Eamon Sullivan, who took home $50,000 for charity Swim Survive Stay Alive.
In February 2010, executive producer Mark Fennessy stated that he doubted the spin-off would return for a second series.
On 25 May 2021, it was announced that a second edition of Celebrity MasterChef Australia had been commissioned, 12 years after the first edition had aired, it is set to air in late 2021. Andy Allen, Melissa Leong and Jock Zonfrillo will undertake the role of judges in the new season.
Production of a junior version of the show was initially suggested in October 2009. The first series of the show, featuring 8- to 12-year-old contestants, was filmed after the second series of MasterChef Australia. Junior MasterChef Australia is produced by Shine Australia.
On 27 April 2020, it was announced that a third season of Junior MasterChef Australia had been commissioned for late 2020, nine years after the second series aired. Casting was open to children aged between 9 and 14 years.
Ten began broadcast of a special all-stars version of the show on 26 July 2012 that aired during the 2012 Summer Olympics. It featured a number of returning contestants from the first three series, including series 1 and 3 winners Julie Goodwin and Kate Bracks, who revisited past challenges in order to raise money for charity.
It was won by series 2 runner-up Callum Hann, who ultimately raised $20,000 for Cancer Council Australia.
A spin-off based the original BBC MasterChef: The Professionals series began airing on 20 January 2013. It featured 18 professional chefs competing against each other as opposed to amateur cooks. Matt Preston and chef Marco Pierre White hosted the spin-off.
MasterChef Australia won the award for Most Popular Reality Program at the 2010 Logie Awards. In addition, Matt Preston won the Graham Kennedy Award for Most Outstanding New Talent for his work on the program.
Judge Matt Preston has denied that eliminations were rigged or the result of a popularity contest, and asserted that Julie had won the title because she was the better cook on the night. Goodwin herself has also asserted that her victory was not the result of rigging, insisting that the professional integrity of the three judges would be damaged if it were.
The Official MasterChef Cookbook Volume 1 was published by Random House Australia in December 2009. It contains recipes from the series 1 Top 20 contestants and top Australian and international chefs: Martin Boetz, Donovan Cooke, Pete Evans, Manu Feildel, Guy Grossi, Alex Herbert, Matt Moran and Andrew Honeysett, Ben O'Donoghue, Adrian Richardson, Frank Shek, Emmanuel Stroobant and Adriano Zumbo. There are also behind-the-scenes stories and culinary tips and tricks.
MasterChef Magazine, a monthly spin-off publication adopting the series' brand, went on sale in May 2010. Following a high-profile launch, the magazine exceeded its initial sales target within a short period of time, selling 90,000 copies in three days. The magazine was published by News Magazines, a subsidiary of News Limited. After losing a third of its readers in one year, the magazine was closed in October 2012
The Arizona Historical Society (AHS) is a non-profit organization whose mission is to connect people through the power of Arizona's history. It does this through four regional divisions. Each division has a representative museum. The statewide divisions are as follows: Southern Arizona Division in Tucson, the Central Arizona Division in Tempe, the Northern Arizona Division in Flagstaff, and the Rio Colorado Division in Yuma. It was founded in 1884.
The group was founded  as the Society of Arizona Pioneers on January 31, 1884 by physician John C. Handy, his father-in-law William Fisher Scott, and 58 other Tucson pioneers.
With a new railroad being built and change on its way to Tucson, Arizona, pioneers worried that their stories of battles with the desert heat and the Apaches would be lost forever. The society was founded to preserve these stories and provide charitable service work to the local community as a mutual aid society. Original Historical Society members were often prominent members of the community, and their tasks with the society included attending funerals and raising money to help out widows.
Over time, the Society evolved to provide storage for official state papers and collect the histories of many Arizona citizens. The society has faced several periods of financial difficulty, and difficulty storing their collections safely. Collections expanded beyond the capacity of facilities several times, until a large, block-long basement was created to store records and documents at the current Main Museum.
As of 2015[update], the Society maintained several museums in the state with the financial support of over 3000 members and dozens of volunteers.
The Arizona Historical Society currently houses a large collection of published and unpublished historical documents in its library and archives division. The collections are divided among 4 locations in Arizona, with each location specializing in certain aspects of history. The society lists its collection specialties as follows:
"Tucson Collections Strengths: Territorial era, Southern Arizona and borderlands, business, genealogy, ranching, politics, mining, military, law, non-profit and grass roots organizations, ephemera, photographs, and maps.
Tempe Collections Strengths: 20th Century, Maricopa County and Central Arizona, oral histories, architectural drawings, TV news reels, aviation, banking, healthcare, business, non-profit organizations, arts and culture, photographs and photographic studios.
Yuma Collections Strengths: Territorial era to 1940s, Western Arizona, oral histories, agriculture, genealogy, military, local organizations, education, church history, early transportation (railroad, steamboats, plank road), aviation, business, Lower Colorado River, irrigation, Yuma Prison, and photographs.
Flagstaff Collections Strengths:  Territorial era to 1950s, Northern Arizona and Colorado Plateau, business, politics, law, lumber industry, railroads, genealogy, local organizations, Indian Pow Wow records, education, healthcare, maps, oral histories  and photographs."
AHS libraries are staffed by knowledgeable librarians who can aid in professional research or answer general research questions at the research help desk.
The Historical Society publishes the quarterly Journal of Arizona History (originally named Arizoniana). The journal is distributed to members and contains articles about Arizona history. Photo essays and reviews are included along with standard articles. The Historical Society additionally publishes books, a list of which can be found on their website.
Unionism in Wales favours the continuation of some form of political union between Wales and the other countries of the United Kingdom (England, Scotland and Northern Ireland), and hence is opposed to Welsh independence.
Wales was assimilated into England by way of a series of changes and events that occurred between the Norman invasion of Wales starting in 1067, and the Laws in Wales Acts of 1535 and 1542, which effectively annexed the whole of Wales within the Kingdom of England.  
The history of the Unions is reflected in various stages of the Union Jack, which forms the flag of the United Kingdom. As a historically fragmented territory and later a possession of England, Wales never signed an act of union with any of the other countries of the United Kingdom, and is not distinguished from England within the national flag. Its position in the Union came about as a result of its relationship with the English Crown. 
The establishment of the National Assembly for Wales in 1998 confirmed Wales' position as a distinct nation, and as a recognised constituent country of the United Kingdom, as confirmed by the Office of the Prime Minister of the UK.
Political support for the Union is widespread, with two of the three major political parties in Wales advocating remaining within the UK (the exceptions are Plaid Cymru, Propel and the Wales Green Party). Support for the Union is found in political parties on both the right and left of Welsh politics:
The genus name Ctenucha was coined by William Kirby from the Greek meaning "having a comb", a reference to the showy antennae of some species.
This biographical article relating to an American baseball pitcher born in the 1910s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Adam Greenfield is an American writer and urbanist, based in London. He was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in 1968.
After leaving the Army, Greenfield took up work in the then-nascent field of information architecture for the World Wide Web, holding a succession of positions culminating in employment at the Tokyo office of Razorfish, where he was head of information architecture.
In the 2006 and 2007 academic years, with Kevin Slavin of New York design practice area/code, he co-taught a class at New York University's Interactive Telecommunications Program called Urban Computing. In the following academic year this class was renamed Urban Experience in the Network Age and Greenfield taught it alone.
Valle Caudina (Caudine Valley) is a densely settled Italian valley with about 69,000 inhabitants. It is located in Campania, between the Province of Benevento and the Province of Avellino.
The comunes with "*" are located in the outskirts of the Valle Caudina (without them the population of the valley is of 52,000 circa).
The main west entrance is the Stretta di Arpaia, where the Battle of the Caudine Forks may have happened, between the mountains Tairano and Castello; another is the Moiano's gorge. Instead, the east entrance is the passo of Sferracavallo in the comune of Montesarchio.
Originally, in the valley there was a lake fed by the waters coming from the Taburnus and the Partenio. Ceramic remnants at San Martino Valle Caudina suggest early settlements dating back to the Bronze Age (1800-1000 BC). Around the 8th century BC, the city of Caudium was born. It was the capital of the Caudini tribe, remembered above all for the humiliating defeat of the Caudine Forks that the Samnites inflicted on the Romans in 321 BC during the Samnite Wars.
Bill Atkinson (born March 17, 1951) is an American computer engineer and photographer.  Atkinson worked at Apple Computer from 1978 to 1990.
He received his undergraduate degree from the University of California, San Diego, where Apple Macintosh developer Jef Raskin was one of his professors. Atkinson continued his studies as a graduate student in neurochemistry at the University of Washington. Raskin invited Atkinson to visit him at Apple Computer; Steve Jobs persuaded him to join the company immediately as employee No. 51, and Atkinson never finished his PhD.
Around 1990, General Magic's founding, with Bill Atkinson as one of the three cofounders, met the following press in Byte magazine:
The obstacles to General Magic's success may appear daunting, but General Magic is not your typical start-up company. Its partners include some of the biggest players in the worlds of computing, communications, and consumer electronics, and it's loaded with top-notch engineers who have been given a clean slate to reinvent traditional approaches to ubiquitous worldwide communications.
In 2007, Atkinson began working as an outside developer with Numenta, a startup working on computer intelligence. On his work there Atkinson said, "what Numenta is doing is more fundamentally important to society than the personal computer and the rise of the Internet."
Atkinson now works as a nature photographer. Actor Nelson Franklin portrayed him in the 2013 film Jobs.
The 1993 Major Indoor Lacrosse League season is the 7th season of the league that began on January 9, 1993, and concluded with the championship game on April 10. 1993 saw the only undefeated season in the history of the MILL/NLL; the Buffalo Bandits won all eight of their regular season games, then defeated Boston in the Divisional finals and Philadelphia in the Championship game to finish with a perfect 10-0 record.
1993 saw no team changes from the 1992 season. The next season to see no team changes from the previous season did not occur until 2013.
Sustainable Development Goal 10 (Goal 10 or SDG 10) is about reduced inequality and is one of the 17 Sustainable Development Goals established by the United Nations in 2015. The full title is: "Reduce inequality within and among countries".
Inequality exist in various forms, such as economic, sex, disability, race, social inequality, and different forms of discrimination.
Issues associated with health, pollution, and environmental justices are often inseparable with inequality. Sometimes these issues also associated with indigenous and aboriginal communities, ethnic minorities and communities of low socio-economic status (SES). Studies of environmental justice shows these communities are irregularly likely to live in environments with higher risk of exposure to pollution and toxic contamination, which possess long-term health and environmental threats.
Globalization is also accompanied with migration, displacement and dispossession, and this often increased vulnerability of marginalized communities and groups, which negatively shaped their prospects for globalization and emancipation and widened inequality at the meantime. Efforts are still needed to improve the policy measures for orderly, safe, regular and responsible migration and mobility.
There are also association between inequality and mental and physical health in various forms, such as status anxiety/competition, social capital, social embeddedness and cohesion.
Measuring inequality in its individual forms is a crucial component in order to reduce inequality within and among countries. The Gini coefficient is the most frequently used measurement of socioeconomic inequality as it can significantly show the income and wealth distribution within and among countries.
Measuring social inequality often involve more complex factors and techniques, such as measuring the social group in the quality of education received and their accessibility to higher education, their social status, marital status, and other factors that associated with inequality such as urban or rural location.
The full title of Target 10.1 is: "By 2030, progressively achieve and sustain income growth of the bottom 40 per cent of the population at a rate higher than the national average".
Target 10.1 has one indicator: Indicator 10.1.1 is the "Growth rates of household expenditure or income per capita among the bottom 40 per cent of the population and the total population".
Relative poverty and inequality is the share of people living below 50 per cent of the median income level. Data from 110 high- and low-income countries showed that the median country had 14 per cent of the population with income levels below that threshold. But both rich and poor countries have high and low levels of inequality. Income inequality is not strongly correlated with either poverty or affluence, suggesting that policies promoting equality and inclusivity have universal relevance.
The full title of Target 10.2 is to: "By 2030, empower and promote the social, economic and political inclusion of all, irrespective of age, sex, disability, race, ethnicity, origin, religion or economic or other status".
Target 10.2 has one indicator. Indicator 10.2.1 is the "Proportion of people living below 50 per cent of median income, by sex, age and persons with disabilities".
The full title of Target 10.3 is to: "Ensure equal opportunity and reduce inequalities of outcome, including by eliminating discriminatory laws, policies and practices and promoting appropriate legislation, policies and action in this regard".
Target 10.3 has one indicator. Indicator 10.3.1 is the "Proportion of population reporting having personally felt discriminated against or harassed in the previous 12 months on the basis of a ground of discrimination prohibited under international human rights law".
Women are more likely to be victims of discrimination than men. Among those with disabilities, 3 in 10 personally experienced discrimination, with higher levels still among women with disabilities. The main grounds of discrimination mentioned by these women was not the disability itself, but religion, ethnicity and sex, pointing to the urgent need for measures to tackle multiple and intersecting forms of discrimination.
The full title of Target 10.4 is to: "Adopt policies, especially fiscal, wage and social protection policies, and progressively achieve greater equality".
Target 10.4 has one indicator. Indicator 10.4.1 is the "Labour share of GDP, comprising wages and social protection transfers".
The global labour income share has shown a downward trend since 2004, when it stood at 54 per cent, implying that workers are receiving a smaller proportion of the output they helped produce. In 2017, the labour income of workers in Northern Africa and Western Asia accounted for a little over a third of the region's output (36 per cent). At the other end of the spectrum, the labour income share was close to 58 per cent in Europe and Northern America.
The full title of Target 10.5 is to: "Improve the regulation and monitoring of global financial markets and institutions and strengthen the implementation of such regulations".
The full title of Target 10.6 is to: "Ensure enhanced representation and voice for developing countries in decision-making in global international economic and financial institutions in order to deliver more effective, credible, accountable and legitimate institutions".
Target 10.6 has one indicator. Indicator 10.6.1 is the "Proportion of members and voting rights of developing countries in international organizations".
These indicators measure the share of members and voting rights in international institutions which are held by developing countries.
The full title of Target 10.7 is to: "Facilitate orderly, safe, regular and responsible migration and mobility of people, including through the implementation of planned and well-managed migration policies".
In 2019, 54 per cent of countries have a comprehensive set of policy measures to facilitate orderly, safe, regular and responsible migration and mobility of people, based on 111 countries with available data. Migrant rights and their socioeconomic well-being have the lowest proportion of Governments reporting a wide range of policy measures, at 55 per cent and 59 per cent, respectively.
The full title of Target 10.a is to: "Implement the principle of special and differential treatment for developing countries, in particular least developed countries, in accordance with World Trade Organization agreements".
 Target 10.a has one indicator. Indicator 10.a.1 is the "Proportion of tariff lines applied to imports from least developed countries and developing countries with zero-tariff".
The full title of Target 10.b is to: "Encourage official development assistance and financial flows, including foreign direct investment, to States where the need is greatest, in particular least developed countries, African countries, small island developing States and landlocked developing countries, in accordance with their national plans and programs".
Target 10.b has one indicator. Indicator 10.b.1 is the "Total resource flows for development, by recipient and donor countries and type of flow".
The full title of Target 10.c is to: "By 2030, reduce to less than 3 per cent the transaction costs of migrant remittances and eliminate remittance corridors with costs higher than 5 per cent".
Target 10.c has one indicator. Indicator 10.c.1 is the "Remittance costs as a proportion of the amount remitted".
An annual report is prepared by the Secretary-General of the United Nations evaluating the progress towards the Sustainable Development Goals.
SDG 10 is linked to many of the other SDGs, such as peaceful and inclusive societies (SDG 16), gender equality (SDG 5), poverty (SDG 1), zero hunger (SDG 2), good health and wellbeing (SDG 3), clean water and sanitation (SDG 6), sustainable cities and communities (SDG 11).[citation needed]
This biographical article related to a Brazilian association football defender born in the 1990s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The factory was built in 1910 by Sibirsky Mukomol Partnership. Soon, the production of the factory was awarded at the exhibitions in Paris, Rome and the Baltic Exhibition of the Society of Agriculture.
This article about a Russian building or structure is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Most people are  Romani and belong to the Bulgarian Orthodox Church. The village Dolni Tsibar is one of the few places with a constant population increase over the years, mainly due to its high birth rate. Dolni Tsibar has a median age of 30 years old: children under 15 years old constitute around 25% of the population, while elderly (65+) constitute less than 7%.
On 4 March 2013 Morgan issued his solo album, Orange Syringe, with Nischang providing backing vocals.
The anime is produced by J.C.Staff and directed by Hideki Tachibana. The second season adapts volumes six to eight of the light novel.
The opening theme for the second season is "HELLO to DREAM" by Iguchi, and the ending theme is "Sasayakana Shukusai" by Sora tob sakana.
This article about sports in Central African Republic is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
FMI Air Charter was established on 9 September 2012 operating charter flights from Yangon Airport to Nay Pyi Taw. The airline was renamed in 2015 and launched services as FMI Air in May 2015. FMI Air operated daily flights (17 x week ) between the commercial hub, Yangon International Airport and Naypyidaw International Airport. In addition to scheduled flights FMI Air offered Charter flight services to over 20 airports within Myanmar.
 The history of Manchester City Football Club, a professional football club based in Manchester, England, dates back to the club's formation in 1880 by members of St. Mark's Church of England in West Gorton.
Manchester City have won 28 top flight honours throughout their history: 7 league titles, 6 FA Cups, 8 League Cups, 6 FA Charity/Community Shields, and 1 European Cup Winners' Cup.
Members of St. Mark's Church of England, West Gorton, Manchester, founded the football club that would become known as Manchester City, for largely humanitarian purposes. Two church wardens sought to curb local gang violence and alcoholism by instituting new activities for local men, whilst high unemployment plagued East Manchester, specifically Gorton. All men were welcome to join, regardless of religion.
A church cricket club had been formed in 1875, but no equivalent for the winter months existed. To rectify this, and as part of Rector Arthur Connell's general push to intervene in social ills, church wardens William Beastow and Thomas Goodbehere, who held senior positions at the Union Iron Works, started a church football team called St Mark's (West Gorton) (sometimes written as West Gorton (St Mark's) in the winter of 1880.
In 2020, Manchester City were fined 10 million euros by the Court of Arbitration for Sport, for failing to produce significant amounts of evidence to UEFA's Club Financial Control Body, which had been investigating whether the club had breached the UEFA Financial Fair Play Regulations. CAS found that some allegations were "time-barred" from being investigated, as they were above the five-years-old limit for such UEFA investigations, while the other allegations were unproven.
General elections were held in the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina on 7 October 2018 as part of the Bosnian general elections. Voters elected the 98 members of the House of Representatives of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina and the assemblies of the cantons of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
This is a list of all virus species, including satellites and viroids. Excluded are other ranks, and other non-cellular life such as prions. Also excluded are common names and obsolete names for viruses.
Ambulatory care or outpatient care is medical care provided on an outpatient basis, including diagnosis, observation, consultation, treatment, intervention, and rehabilitation services. This care can include advanced medical technology and procedures even when provided outside of hospitals.
Ambulatory care sensitive conditions (ACSC) are health conditions where appropriate ambulatory care prevents or reduces the need for hospital admission (or inpatient care), such as diabetes or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Ambulatory care services represent the most significant contributor to increasing hospital expenditures and to the performance of the health care system in most countries, including most developing countries.
Health care organizations use different ways to define the nature of care provided as "ambulatory" versus inpatient or other types of care.
Ambulatory care services typically consist of a multidisciplinary team of health professionals that may include (but is not limited to) physicians, nurse practitioners, nurses, pharmacists, occupational therapists, physical therapists, speech therapists, and other allied health professionals.
Given the growth of ambulatory medicine, it has become an significant component of education for medical trainees across various specialties. Over the past decades, internal medicine residency programs across North America have made efforts to incorporate more ambulatory training to the medical education curriculum. The ambulatory medical training is focused on patient management through multidisciplinary teamwork while creating longitudinal continuity in patient care.
Ambulatory care sensitive conditions (ACSC) are illnesses or health conditions where appropriate ambulatory care prevents or reduces the need for hospital admission. Appropriate care for an ACSC can include one or more planned revisits to settings of ambulatory care for follow-up, such as when a patient is continuously monitored or otherwise advised to return when (or if) symptoms appear or reappear.[citation needed]
There have been concerns regarding the safety of ambulatory medicine. Some of the common potential sources of harm include errors to medications and diagnostics as well as breakdowns in communications and coordination of care. One major complication of ambulatory care that predisposes to patients to harm is the risk for missing appointments. Missed appointments are common, costly, and can lead to significant delays in both diagnosis and treatment.
Born in Shelby County, Texas, Stephens attended the common schools in Mansfield, Texas. He graduated from Mansfield College, and from the law department of Cumberland University, Lebanon, Tennessee, in 1872. After gaining admission to the bar in 1873, he practiced in Montague, Montague County, and Vernon, Wilbarger County, Texas. He served as a member of the Texas State Senate from 1886 to 1888, and then resumed the practice of law in Vernon, Texas.
He moved to Monrovia, California, in 1917, and died there November 18, 1924. He was interred in East View Cemetery, Vernon, Texas. Stephens County, Oklahoma, was named for him.
In 1990 she became secretary of state in Rhineland-Palatinate, but lost this position when her party, the CDU, lost the election in 1991. Afterwards she worked for a German-Swiss consultancy company. In 2005, she was awarded the "Goldene Sportpyramide" (Golden Sport Pyramid) from the Deutsche Sporthilfe (German Sports Aid), and in 2006 she was inducted into the Germany's Sports Hall of Fame. She is a member of the German National Olympic Committee.
Aciurina idahoensis is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Aciurina of the family Tephritidae.
This article related to members of the insect sub-family Tephritinae is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The station has twin tracks, with two side platforms and a central island platform. The side platforms are used for boarding, whilst the central platform is used for alighting, a configuration that is known as the Barcelona solution. In the case of La Bonanova, the centre platform is long enough to accommodate a four car train, but the side platforms are shorter, meaning that it is only possible to board three of the train's cars from them.
The station platforms are accessed by a single ticket hall at the western end of the station, which has street accesses to both sides the Via Augusta. A second hall at the east end of the station exists, but is now used only as an emergency exit.
The line on which La Bonanova is located opened in 1863, but the first station on the site did not open until 1887. The current station was opened in 1952, when the line through the station was put underground.
Directed by Ric Menello and Adam Dubin, there are numerous cameos in this video, including an unknown-at-the-time Tabitha Soren, Robert John "Mutt" Lange, Def Jam label mate LL Cool J, Flea of the Red Hot Chili Peppers, members of the punk rock band Murphy's Law, as well as the Beastie Boys' producer, Rick Rubin, who was shown wearing an AC/DC and Slayer shirt, the latter of whom were also signed to Def Jam at the time.
In 2011, Adam Yauch directed and wrote a surreal comedic short film entitled Fight for Your Right Revisited to commemorate the 25th anniversary of the original video's release. The short film serves as a video for the single "Make Some Noise" from Hot Sauce Committee Part Two. Most of the non-sequitur dialogue between characters were a result of improvisation by the cast.
Although "Fight for Your Right" is not performed, its outro can be heard at the beginning of the short.
Singer/songwriter Cara Quici sampled the song and added new lyrics for her 2013 song "Fight" personally approved by Rick Rubin and licensed by Sony ATV and Universal Music Group. The "Fight" video by Cara Quici features a cameo by Dennis Rodman.
In 1998, the song was covered by German hip hop act N.Y.C.C. as "Fight for Your Right (To Party)". It reached the top 20 in nine countries across Europe and in Australia and New Zealand. In the United Kingdom, where it peaked at number 14, it was the first song by a German hip hop group to reach the top 25.
On August 2, 2009, Coldplay performed an acoustic piano-based version of this song during their concert on the final night of the All Points West concert series as a tribute to the Beastie Boys, who were unable to perform on opening night following Adam Yauch's announcement that he had cancer. The band performed this version again on May 4, 2012, at their concert at the Hollywood Bowl as a tribute to Yauch, who had died earlier that day.
After winning the 2020 AFC Championship Game, Kansas City Chiefs Tight End Travis Kelce chanted "You gotta fight for your right to party!" in his postgame interview. After the Chiefs' victory in Super Bowl LIV, Kelce again used the chant from the song at the victory parade in Kansas City. The song's main chorus has since become a cultural reference among Chiefs fans, and in the 2020 season became the song played at Chiefs home games to celebrate after each touchdown scored by the team.
The Blue Bird is a 1910 silent film, based on the 1908 play by Maurice Maeterlinck and starring Pauline Gilmer as Mytyl and Olive Walter as Tytyl.  It was filmed in England.
This article related to a British film of the 1910s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Waitaria Bay is a locality in the Marlborough region of New Zealand. It lies on the northern side of Kenepuru Sound in the Marlborough Sounds.
The town is one of the most isolated in the South Island to have a school. The nearest shop is about 50 minutes drive, the nearest small town, Havelock, is two hours drive, and the nearest main centre, Blenheim, is two and a half hours drive.
Waitaria Bay School is a coeducational full primary (years 1-8) school with a decile rating of 10 and a roll of 20. The school opened in 1897.
The town was named Palestro when it was founded in 1860, it was named in honour of the Franco-Piedmontese victory over Austria at Palestro in 1859 during the Second Italian War of Independence. It was renamed Lakhdaria after Algerian independence in honour of Mokrani Rabah Lakhdar, known as Si Lakhdar, a senior FLN leader during the Algerian War.
The population is now around 59 009 people. Farming, construction and transportation are the main sources of employment of the local population. Some residents also commute to Algiers for work. The city is very busy, people like to do shopping and meeting in coffee shops and mosques.
Agriculture prevails in the area, especially vegetables and olive trees on family farms, many located at the bottom of the mountains that surround the area.
A telecommunication site is located in East of Lakhdaria that includes huge TV transmitters and receivers that is used by the Algerian television.
The End of Men: And the Rise of Women is a book by journalist and magazine editor Hanna Rosin, based on her cover story of the same name that appeared in The Atlantic in 2010. It was published by Riverhead Books in 2012. In the book, Rosin argues that patriarchy is coming to an end. She writes about the dominance of women in US schools and workplaces.
Carol Tavris writes in the Wall Street Journal that "[Rosin] avoids the journalistic habit of doing 'spotlight interviews' with individuals selected to support the writer's hypothesis, a practice she knows is misleading. Instead, her argument is based on substance and scholarship".
Annalee Newitz of NPR describes the book as "a frustrating blend of genuine insight and breezy, unconvincing anecdotalism" but also that "the book manages to register a cultural shift in the process of happening, which is an exceedingly difficult task".
Writing in The New York Times, Jennifer Homans suggests that The End of Men minimizes important issues still facing women, and that Rosin perpetuates stereotypes about what it means to be a woman such as having a greater ability than men to "sit still and focus".
The Law Review at the Boston University School of Law published a symposium on the book titled, "Evaluating Claims about the 'End of Men'." It included an article titled, "The End of Men Is Not True," by sociologist Philip N. Cohen.
Al Duncan is a youth advocate, educator and publisher. Recognized as an authority on the millennial generation, Duncan has spoken to more than one million youth around the world. Duncan has received the President's Volunteer Service Award, and the National PTA Lifetime Achievement Award for his outstanding service in the fields of youth development and youth empowerment.
Beginning his adult life as a musician, Duncan left that career in order to become a chef. He began his career as a speaker in his late 20s, and today speaks about earning money, youth empowerment, and more.
Duncan currently serves on the American InterContinental University School of Business Advisory Board, the Fulton County, Georgia Workforce Investment Board of Directors and the Fulton County Youth Council. He is also on the board of directors for the Anti-Prejudice Consortium in Atlanta, Georgia.
Several organizations have honored Duncan with awards and memberships. One is Sigma Alpha Pi, which is also called the National Society of Leadership and Success. Duncan is also an honorary member of Delta Epsilon Iota.
Duncan has written several publications. He is a columnist and blogger for the Black Collegian magazine.
His Rise to Fame is a 1927 American silent drama film directed by Bernard McEveety and starring George Walsh, Peggy Shaw and Bradley Barker. A drifter meets a dancer in a cabaret and reforms his life, becoming a championship-winning boxer.
This article about a silent drama film from the 1920s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
A five-member Constituency Delineation Commission was formed under the chairmanship of former Supreme Court Justice Kamal Narayan Das to redraw the constituency boundaries to 165, a reduction from the 240 used in the 2013 elections. It submitted its report to the government on 30 August 2017. The boundaries set by this commission will remain unchanged for the next 20 years as per Article 286 (12).
The 275 members of the legislature were elected by two methods; 165 were elected from single-member constituencies by first-past-the-post voting and 110 seats were elected by closed list proportional representation from a single nationwide constituency. Each voter received separate ballot papers for the two methods. A party or electoral alliance had to pass the election threshold of 3% of the overall valid vote to be allocated a seat under the proportional method.
A total of 88 parties were granted ballot access under the proportional system. However, only 49 parties submitted list of proportional candidates.
After two Madhesh based parties, Federal Socialist Forum, Nepal and Rastriya Janata Party Nepal left the alliance due to differences on seat sharing, they formed an alliance n their own and fielded in elections.
Still, these alliances resulted loss to Nepali Congress which obtained highest number of votes in FPTP with gaining nearly 36% votes cast. In spite of this, the result went against Nepali Congress and it could not win any more than 23 seats making it third largest party per FPTP results. Therefore, many sitting ministers had to lose their seats.
Surprisingly, Bam Dev Gautam and Narayan Kaji Shrestha lost the election even the Communist alliance obtained nearly majority.
The governing Nepali Congress preferred the upper house to be elected by Single Transferable Voting System while the left parties preferred majority vote. Lack of consensus meant the Legislature Parliament disbanded on 14 October, as required by the constitution, without approving National Assembly Election Bill which included provisions to elect members of the upper house.
According to Article 84 (8) of the Constitution of Nepal, at least one third of the total number of members elected to the Federal Parliament from each party must be women. Citing this provision, the Election Commission withheld announcing final results as the number of women each party needs to submit from their respective party lists could not be determined until the number of women in the upper house from each party was confirmed.
This geographical article about a location in Erzincan District, Turkey is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Liziane Bayer da Costa (born 24 January 1981) is a Brazilian politician and pastor. She has spent her political career representing her home state of Rio Grande do Sul, having served as state representative since 2019.
Bayer was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Rio Grande do Sul in 2015. In the 2018 Brazilian general election Bayer was elected to the federal chamber of deputies from her state.
In April 2014, Hackpad was acquired by Dropbox. In April 2015, it was announced that Hackpad would be released as open source and source code was published on GitHub in August 2015, under the Apache license 2.0. On April 25, 2017, Hackpad announced that it is to shut down on July 19, 2017, permanently migrating to Dropbox Paper.
The Mungo Park Medal is awarded by the Royal Scottish Geographical Society in recognition of outstanding contributions to geographical knowledge through exploration and/or research, and/or work of a practical nature of benefit to humanity in potentially hazardous physical and/or social environments. It was founded in honour of the Scottish explorer Mungo Park.
Henri Garcin (born Anton Albers; 11 April 1929) is a Belgian film actor. He has appeared in more than 100 films since 1956.
Antara Chowdhury is an Indian singer and composer. She is a daughter of Late renowned Composer and Poet Salil Chowdhury and famous singer Late Sabita Chowdhury. She started singing at the age of 7. Her first playback was in the Hindi film 'Minoo' along with greats like Manna Dey and Asha Bhonsle. Songs like Teri Galiomein Hum Aye a duet with Manna Dey and solo O Kali Re Kali Re became very popular.
She is trained in both Indian and Western Classical music and has assisted her father in many Hindi TV serials, including Charitraheen, Kurukshetra, and Daraar.
Antara has sung numerous children's songs in Bengali to her credit namely 'Bulbul Pakhi Moyena Tiye','O Shona Bang,'O Ayere Chhute Aye','Ek Je Chhilo Machhi' and may others all composed and written by her Legendary father which created a history in the field of Children's songs in Bengal in the late 70's.
Antara has released 2 Hindi albums namely 'Madhur Srmiti' from Times music (solo) and 'Man Ke Manjeere' from Virgin music (duet with Shubha Mudgal). Her last solo Bengali album 'Generations' released in 2007 from Times music was highly appreciated. This album consisted of songs of her father Late Salil Chowdhury and her brother Sanjoy Chowdhury's new compositions.
She has also sung a duet with Sonu Nigam in the Hindi film 'Khoya Khoya Chand' called 'Ye Nigahen' composed by Shantanu Moitra which has become very popular. A few years back her duet with famous singer of Bengal, Srikanto Acharya called 'Muthor Rumaal' for the Bengali film Antoheen has been widely appreciated.
Antara has sung a solo in the Golden Peacock Award-winning film 'Moner Manush' directed by Gautam Ghose. Her song 'Shopto Tala Bhed Korile' has been written by the legendary Lalon Fakir and composed by Gautam Ghosh himself.
Antara aims to preserve her father's Legacy through the Salil Chowdhury Foundation of Music Trust and has published a book called Salil Rachana Shangraha along with her mother Late Sabita Chowdhury and music collector Sri Ranabir Neogi from Dey's publishing in 2013. This is a total compilation of Salil Chowdhury's Bengali songs.
Recently Antara has sung a beautiful song in the award-winning film 'Shankhachil' directed by Gautam Ghosh based on Jibonananda Das's famous poem Shankhachil. The song is 'Abar Ashibo Phire'.
She has also recorded a children's song for the upcoming Bengali animation film called 'Budhhu Bhutum' directed by Nitish Roy and music composed by Surojit Chatterjee which is yet to release.
Antara has performed extensively in many parts of the world like USA, UK, Canada, Australia, Bangladesh and all over India.
At present Antara has opened her own music school called 'Surodhwoni' in Kolkata which aims at teaching her father's music to the next generation.
Herman Jay "Hank" Cohen (born February 10, 1932) is an American diplomat who served as United States Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs from 1989 to 1993.
After leaving government, Cohen served as a senior advisor to the Global Coalition for Africa before becoming a professorial lecturer at Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies for twelve years. Currently he is president and CEO of Cohen and Woods International. He also serves on the Board of Directors of Hyperdynamics Oil and Gas and as a consultant for ContourGlobal.
Lowry has been writing about African American music since 1964 beginning with Blues Unlimited in the UK. He has since written for Blues & Rhythm (UK),  Cadence (US), Jazz Digest/HIP (US), Jazz Times (US), Juke Blues (UK), Living Blues (US), Penguin Eggs (CN), Rhythms (in Melbourne, Australia), Rolling Stone, The International Association of Jazz Record Collectors Journal (US), and Western Folklore (US), among others. 
In 2015, he was made a member of the Order of Manitoba, "for his contributions to the folk music community, and establishing and promoting music festivals and artistic venues in Manitoba and throughout North America."
Paul Burton Steinberg (born March 21, 1940) is an American attorney and former politician in the state of Florida.
Steinberg was born in Brooklyn, New York. He came to Florida in 1957. He graduated from the University of Miami (BBA, 1961) and from Stetson School of Law (JD, 1963). He was an editor of the business school newspaper and served on the debate team. He served in the United States Coast Guard from 1963 to 1971. He served on active duty in 1963 and was in the reserves from 1964 to 1971. He reached the rank of Petty officer third class.
He is the former chairman of the Miami Beach Beautification Committee. He served in the Florida House of Representatives from 1972 to 1978, as a Democrat, representing the 101st district. He served in the Florida Senate from 1978 to 1982 representing the 36th district.
James Stewart Polshek (born 1930, Akron, Ohio) is an American architect living in New York City.  He is the founder of Polshek Partnership, the firm at which he was Principal Design Partner for more than four decades. He is currently Design Counsel to the legacy firm Ennead Architects, as well as being actively engaged as design lead on multiple projects.
Polshek enrolled in premed at Case Western Reserve University's Adelbert College 1947.  He began taking a variety of courses, including a course in the history of modern architecture.  After deciding to study architecture he enrolled at Yale University, and graduated in 1955 with a Master of Architecture degree.  He was also a Fulbright/Hayes fellow in Denmark and received a number of grants from the Graham Foundation.[citation needed]
After he became dean of Columbia University's Graduate School of Architecture, Planning and Preservation in 1972, Western Reserve University granted his Bachelor of Science degree in 1973, forgiving the eight credits he was short.
Polshek worked for I.M. Pei prior to starting his own firm, James Stewart Polshek Architect, in 1963. He is currently retired and maintains the title of Design Counsel to Ennead Architects.
He served as the dean of Columbia University's Graduate School of Architecture, Planning and Preservation from 1972 to 1987.
Polshek is unusual among top-tier architects for taking the position that architecture is more craft than fine art, and that architects have some measure of social responsibility.[citation needed]
He has received honorary degrees from Pratt Institute (1995), the New School University Parsons School of Design (1995) and the New Jersey Institute of Technology (2002).
John Paul De Cecco was born on April 18, 1925, in Erie, Pennsylvania. He had four siblings, and he was of Italian descent. His father was a restaurant and property owner. His three maternal uncles were members of the Mafia who "married prostitutes."
De Cecco graduated from Allegheny College, where he earned a bachelor of science degree in biology in 1946. He subsequently earned a master's degree and a Ph.D. in European history from the University of Pennsylvania, in 1949 and 1953 respectively. He took additional coursework in educational psychology at Michigan State University. He also attended Columbia University in 1968-1970.
De Cecco became an assistant professor of education and psychology at San Francisco State University in 1960. He eventually became a full professor of psychology.
De Cecco resided in the Potrero Hill neighborhood of San Francisco, where he died on November 2, 2017, at age 92. He was described as a "pioneer of sexuality studies" who had been "in the forefront of three decades of change in gay-related academia".
The Men's 400 metre freestyle competition of the 2016 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m) was held on 6 December 2016.
The Anglican Church of St Peter at Farmington in the Cotswold District of Gloucestershire, England was built in the 12th century. It is a grade I listed building.
The church was built, with a nave and chancel, in the 12th century and the north aisle added in the 13th. The tower was built in the late 15th or early 16th century. It underwent Victorian restoration in 1890 and 1891.
The stone building consists of a nave, north aisle, a chancel with a vestry on the north side and a three-stage west tower. The bells in the tower were restored in 1902 in memory of Robert Drysdale who died in the Boer War.
The interior of the porch, chancel arch and arches in the three-bay nave are carved with chevron patterns. There is a 16th-century piscina in the chancel. The octagonal font dates from 1784.
Among the memorials in the church is one to the men of the village who died in World War I. In 2014 a new stained glass window, dedicated to Bishop Michael Mann and known as "Candles of Life", was opened by Princess Anne.
In the churchyard is the Waller family tomb, the Waller's having been the local dignatories for several generations.
Kaha Creek is in the traditional territory of the Tlingit Taku River Tlingit First Nation and the Tahltan First Nation, of the Tahltan people.
Nitro World Games 2016 was an action sports competition by Nitro Circus that took place on July 16, 2016, at the Rice-Eccles Stadium in Salt Lake City, Utah. This was the inaugural edition of the Nitro World Games.
Patrick Wiencek (born 22 March 1989) is a German handballer for THW Kiel and the German national team.
Enrique Wilson Libertario Rapesta Fabregat (April 12, 1919 - June 2009) was an Argentine gymnast who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.
This biographical article related to Argentine artistic gymnastics is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Miss Teen USA 2019 was the 37th Miss Teen USA pageant. It was held at the Grand Sierra Resort in Reno, Nevada on April 28, 2019, and was hosted by Miss USA 2014 Nia Sanchez and Tim Tialdo. Hailey Colborn of Kansas crowned her successor Kaliegh Garris of Connecticut at the end of the event.
The 2019 competition served as the second consecutive time that the pageant has been held concurrently with the Miss USA competition. For the first time, both the preliminary and final competitions were held on the same day.
51 delegates from the 50 states and the District of Columbia were selected in state pageants held from September 2018 to January 2019.
Prior to the final competition, the delegates competed the preliminary competition, which involved private interviews with the judges and a presentation show where they competed in athletic wear and evening gown. It was held on April 28 at the Grand Sierra Resort in Reno-Tahoe. For the first time since 2017, the preliminary round was broadcast.
During the final competition, the Top 15 finalists competed in athletic wear, evening gown and in a customized final question round, and the winner was decided by a panel of judges.
The pageant was webcast on the pageant's Facebook and YouTube pages, as downloadable live events available on the Asian and American PlayStation Stores for PlayStation 4 consoles and on Xbox Live in 41 regions for the Xbox One line of consoles via the Facebook Video application, with support for 4K Ultra HD, Dolby Vision and HDR10 video[a] and Dolby Atmos spatial audio.
This biographical article relating to Luxembourgian cycling is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Ebbw Vale is a suburb of Ipswich in the City of Ipswich, Queensland, Australia. In the 2016 census, Ebbw Vale had a population of 508 people.
The suburb is bounded to the north by the Main Line railway and to south-east by the Cunningham Highway.
Ebbw Vale is named after a coal mine which formerly operated in the area. The coal mine was named after the Welsh town of Ebbw Vale (Welsh: Glynebwy).
In 1927, Stafford Brothers of Bundamba were selling 38 suburban blocks in the Whitwood Estate, bounded by Brisbane Road to the north-west, Cairns Road to the south and on both sides of the Robert Street.
Ebbw Vale railway station provides access to regular Queensland Rail City network services to Brisbane, Ipswich and Rosewood via Ipswich.
There are no schools in Ebbw Vale. The nearest primary schools are in neighbouring Bundamba and with another in nearby Riverview. The nearest secondary school is Bundamba State Secondary College in Bundamba.
Miles Davis All Star Sextet (PRLP 182) is a 10 inch LP album by Miles Davis, released in 1954 by Prestige Records. The two side-long tracks were recorded at Rudy Van Gelder's Studio, Hackensack, New Jersey, April 29, 1954.
After the 10" LP format was discontinued, both tracks were included on Side 1 of the 12" album Walkin' (PRLP 7076).
In a letter to R.B. Fuller dated 1 August 1913, McCormick described the circumstances that inspired him to write "Advance Australia Fair":
The earliest known sound recording of "Advance Australia Fair" appears in The Landing of the Australian Troops in Egypt (circa 1916), a short commercial recording dramatising the arrival of Australian troops in Egypt en route to Gallipoli.
Before its adoption as Australia's national anthem, "Advance Australia Fair" had considerable use elsewhere. For example, Australia's national broadcaster, the Australian Broadcasting Commission, used it to announce its news bulletins until 1952. It was also frequently played at the start or end of official functions. Towards the end of World War II it was one of three songs played in certain picture theatres, along with "God Save the King" and the US national anthem.
Other songs and marches have been influenced by "Advance Australia Fair", such as the Australian vice-regal salute.
"Advance Australia Fair", with modified lyrics and reduced to two verses (see development of lyrics), was adopted as the Australian national anthem by the Labor government of Bob Hawke, coming into effect on 19 April 1984. At the same time, "God Save the Queen" became known as the royal anthem, and continues to be played alongside the Australian national anthem at public engagements in Australia that are attended by the Queen or members of the Royal Family.
Even though any personal copyright of Peter Dodds McCormick's original lyrics has expired, as he died in 1916, the Commonwealth of Australia claims copyright on the official lyrics and particular arrangements of music. Non-commercial use of the anthem is permitted without case-by-case permission, but the Commonwealth government requires permission for commercial use.
The orchestral arrangement of "Advance Australia Fair" that is now regularly played for Australian victories at international sporting medal ceremonies, and at the openings of major domestic sporting, cultural and community events, is by Tommy Tycho, an immigrant from Hungary. It was commissioned by ABC Records in 1984 and then televised by Channel 10 in 1986 in their Australia Day broadcast, featuring Julie Anthony as the soloist.
The national anthem was changed on 1 January 2021 by proclamation of the Governor-General on the advice of the Federal Executive Council. The change prior to that was on 19 April 1984.
The lyrics of "Advance Australia Fair", as modified by the National Australia Day Council, were officially adopted in April 1984. The lyrics were updated as of 1 January 2021 in an attempt to recognise the legacy of Indigenous Australians, with the word "one" in the second line replacing the previous "young". The lyrics are now as follows:
Australians all let us rejoice, For we are one and free; We've golden soil and wealth for toil; Our home is girt by sea; Our land abounds in nature's gifts Of beauty rich and rare; In history's page, let every stage Advance Australia Fair. In joyful strains then let us sing, Advance Australia Fair.
Beneath our radiant Southern Cross We'll toil with hearts and hands; To make this Commonwealth of ours Renowned of all the lands; For those who've come across the seas We've boundless plains to share; With courage let us all combine To Advance Australia Fair. In joyful strains then let us sing, Advance Australia Fair.
Australia's sons, let us rejoice, For we are young and free; We've golden soil and wealth for toil, Our home is girt by sea; Our land abounds in nature's gifts Of beauty rich and rare; In history's page, let every stage Advance Australia fair. In joyful strains let us sing, Advance, Australia fair.
When gallant Cook from Albion sail'd, To trace wide oceans o'er, True British courage bore him on, Til he landed on our shore. Then here he raised Old England's flag, The standard of the brave; "With all her faults we love her still" "Britannia rules the wave." In joyful strains then let us sing, Advance, Australia fair.
While other nations of the globe Behold us from afar, We'll rise to high renown and shine Like our glorious southern star; From England soil and Fatherland, Scotia and Erin fair, Let all combine with heart and hand To advance Australia fair. In joyful strains then let us sing Advance, Australia fair.
Should foreign foe e'er sight our coast, Or dare a foot to land, We'll rouse to arms like sires of yore, To guard our native strand; Britannia then shall surely know, Though oceans roll between, Her sons in fair Australia's land Still keep their courage green. In joyful strains then let us sing Advance Australia fair.
Beneath our radiant Southern Cross, We'll toil with hearts and hands; To make our youthful Commonwealth, Renowned of all the lands; For loyal sons beyond the seas We've boundless plains to share; With courage let us all combine To advance Australia fair. In joyful strains then let us sing Advance Australia fair!
The lyrics of "Advance Australia Fair", as modified by the National Australia Day Council and officially adopted on 19 April 1984, were as follows:
Australians all let us rejoice, For we are young and free; We've golden soil and wealth for toil; Our home is girt by sea; Our land abounds in nature's gifts Of beauty rich and rare; In history's page, let every stage Advance Australia Fair. In joyful strains then let us sing, Advance Australia Fair.
Beneath our radiant Southern Cross We'll toil with hearts and hands; To make this Commonwealth of ours Renowned of all the lands; For those who've come across the seas We've boundless plains to share; With courage let us all combine To Advance Australia Fair. In joyful strains then let us sing, Advance Australia Fair.
These lyrics were updated on 1 January 2021 to the current version, in which "young" in the second line is replaced with "one" to reflect the pre-colonial presence of Indigenous Australians.
The fourth line of the anthem, "our home is girt by sea", has been criticised for using the so-called archaic word "girt". Additionally, the lyrics and melody of the Australian national anthem have been criticised in some quarters as being dull and unendearing to the Australian people. National Party senator Sandy Macdonald said in 2001 that "Advance Australia Fair" is so boring that the nation risks singing itself to sleep, with boring music and words impossible to understand.
Political sentiment is divided. Craig Emerson of the Australian Labor Party has critiqued the anthem, former MP Peter Slipper has said that Australia should consider another anthem, in 2011 former Victorian Premier Jeff Kennett suggested "I Am Australian", while former Australian Labor Party leader Kim Beazley defended it.
In November 2020, NSW Premier Gladys Berejiklian proposed changing one word in the opening couplet, from "we are young and free" to "we are one and free", to acknowledge Australia's Indigenous history. The proposal was supported by the federal Minister for Indigenous Australians, Ken Wyatt, and in December 2020 Prime Minister Scott Morrison announced that this change would be adopted from 1 January 2021, having received approval from Governor-General David Hurley.
Lyrics for the anthem have been written twice in the Dharug language, an Australian Aboriginal language spoken around Sydney by the Dharawal people.
This version was first performed in July 2010, at a Rugby League State of Origin match in Sydney, though there was some opposition:
We Australian mob are going to have a good dance We good young fellows Good earth and speared a lot of wallabies a lot of water associated with this earth earth having a lot of animals and waratahs go along the path Australians Australian mob go together we say and sing out Australian mob go together.
In December 2020, the following lyrics were sung in the Dharug language, followed by the anthem in English, before a Rugby Union international between Australia and Argentina:
Australiagal ya'nga yabun Eora budgeri Yarragal Bamal Yarrabuni Ngurra garrigarrang Nura mari guwing bayabuba Diara-murrahmah-coing Guwugu yago ngabay burrabagur Yirribana Australiagal Garraburra ngayiri yabun Yirribana Australiagal
In 2011, about fifty different Christian schools from different denominations came under criticism for singing an unofficial version of the song written by the Sri Lankan immigrant Ruth Ponniah in 1988.  The song replaced the official second verse of Advance Australia Fair with lyrics that were Christian in nature. 
Minister for School Education, Early Childhood and Youth Peter Garrett and chief executive of the National Australia Day Council Warren Pearson admonished the schools for modifying the lyrics of the anthem, and the Australian Parents Council and the Federation of Parents and Citizens' Association of NSW called for a ban on the modified song. Stephen O'Doherty, chief executive of Christian Schools Australia, defended the use of the lyrics in response.
Chatswood Mall (also known as Victoria Avenue Mall) is a pedestrian mall on Victoria Avenue in the Sydney, Australia suburb of Chatswood. It connects the Chatswood Interchange to the Chatswood shopping district and The Concourse.
In 2010 Willoughby City Council lodged a  $4.1 million upgrade of Chatswood Mall. Vibrant lighting, sculptural elements, tree plantings and fresh new street furniture palettes have been installed in Chatswood Mall. The upgrade was completed in 2011.
The Melody Markets are held each Thursday and Friday in Chatswood Mall and feature food and craft stalls and live music visited by more than 30,000 people daily.
Eustace was born in Burgundy and became a monk at Luxeuil. When Columbanus, the founder of Luxeuil, was banished from the Kingdom of Burgundy, on account of his reproving the morals of King Theuderic II, the exiled abbot recommended his community to choose Eustace as his successor. Subsequently, Columbanus settled at Bobbio in Italy. After the death of Theuderic, Clothaire II sent Eustace to Bobbio to ask Columbanus to return, but he declined.
During his abbacy, the monastery contained about 600 monks and produced both bishops and saints, including Acarius, Amatus, Audomar, and  Romaric.  Eustace was noted for his humility, continual prayer, and fasting.  He was succeeded as abbott by Waldebert.
A tradition states that he cured Sadalberga of blindness. Upon returning from Bavaria, her father, Gundoin, Duke of Alsace provided hospitality to the abbot on his travels. Duke Gundoin and his wife brought two of their sons for the abbot's blessing but were hesitant to present the blind child. Through the prayers of Eustace the child was cured of her blindness. He is said to have also procured a cure for St. Burgundofara.
An indirect view of animal vaccinations is seen through smallpox. This is because the vaccine given to humans was animal based. Smallpox was a deadly disease most known for its rash and high death rate of 30% if contracted.
Edward Jenner tested his theory in 1796, that if a human had already been infected with cowpox that they would be protected from smallpox. It proved to be true and thus started the pathway to the eradication of the disease.
Through the World Health Organisation's eradication effort, at least 80% of people were vaccinated in every country. Subsequently case finding and then ring vaccination was used, resulting in smallpox becoming the first eradication of a disease through vaccination in 1980.
The main issues in relation to the vaccination of animals is access and availability. Vaccines are the most cost-effective measure in preventing disease in livestock populations, although the logistics of distributing vaccines to marginalised populations is still a challenge.
Most smallholder farmers' (SHFs) livestock in marginalised populations (MPs) die as a result of a disease, they do not reach their full potential, or they transmit a disease. The root of this issue could be prevented or controlled by increasing the accessibility to animal vaccines. Livestock are necessary to an estimated 600 to 900 million poor farmers in the developing world. This is because the animals provide food, income, financial reserve and status.
Some other issues include but are not limited to: economic barriers, political barriers, technical and scientific barriers, regulatory barriers, field use barriers, and social and perception barriers.
There are possible solutions in terms of the issues in the sector of animal vaccinations. These include innovations in both the scientific and the regulatory fields. It has been suggested that regulations are converged between regions and all animal vaccines can be standardised with the same RNA or DNA backbone. It has been found that there needs to be a better mutual understanding between regulators, academia and industry.
Some other solutions include: free rabies vaccine programs, subsidies as needed, form partnerships across regions (mainly in terms of vaccine banks), a decrease in government taxes, providing positive incentives for disease recording, and building partnerships between global and local manufacturers.
The production of vaccines for animals and humans has always been linked, this relationship has been coined 'One Health', as at least 61% of all human pathogens originate from animals. Two main examples of this link are the rabies and smallpox vaccines. In many cases vaccinating animals is important not only to the animals' health but also to human health and prosperity. The term zoonotic disease defines a disease that can be transferred from animals to humans.
The proactive approach of vaccinating stray dogs, which helps to prevent the disease at its source, has been seen to be the most cost-effective prevention of rabies. In Bangladesh there was a mass dog vaccination campaign between 2010 and 2013, this resulted in a 50% decrease in rabies related deaths.
The World Health Organisation (WHO) has created the campaign of 'Zero by 30', to reduce the number of humans that die from dog related rabies to zero by 2030.
Pets has grown at a fast rate over time as owners are concerned for their companion animals' health. In contrast farmed animal vaccines generally only produced when there is a zoonotic disease or it had a significant effect on international trade. Rather than producing for the sole reason of caring for the animal such as with pets, farmed animals are vaccinated for human safety and economic means.
This clearly links to pharmacovigilance (monitoring the effects of licensed drugs). The largest database being the Veterinary Medicines Directorate (VMD) in the UK. Although, the vast majority reported were in terms of companion animals.
There is no standard metric for quantifying the global burden of animal diseases, no standard method for determining the cost effectiveness of a certain animal vaccine, and no cost-effectiveness thresholds in general. Thus, it can be difficult to prioritise animal vaccine development.
As a result of less regulation, some vaccines have been found to contain impurities. An example of this was the rabies vaccine containing a significant amount of Bovine serum albumin (BSA). BSA can cause severe allergic reactions that can lead to death.
Domestic chickens have been vaccinated against Pasteurella anatis using bacterial outer membrane vesicles purified by hydrostatic filtration dialysis. Several such vaccines have successfully produced immunity. Antenucci et al 2020 demonstrates the most consistent product and effective immune provocation among HFD OMV processes, but overall HFD has yet to prove itself against other vaccine production techniques. Nonetheless it is a very promising line of research as of 2021[update].
The Vaccinations Guidelines Group (VGG) of the World Small Animal Veterinary Association (WSAVA) have defined the core, non-core and not recommended vaccinations for dogs and cats.
Core vaccines protect animals against severe global diseases. Where rabies is endemic the associated vaccine is treated as being in the core category.
His stature and importance as a liberal leader with much regional power was one of the factors that led to the creation of the State of Guerrero in 1849. He was named its first (interim) governor, and after elections in 1850, he became its first constitutional governor. He served in that position until 1853.
One of his concerns throughout his career, both military and political, was the return of lands to the Indigenous peoples of Mexico, and combating the oligarchic centralism that divided and caused huge losses to the country in favour of a liberal, republican and federal system.
I entered the presidency a poor man, and a poor man I leave it, with the satisfaction that I do not bear the censure of the public because I was dedicated from an early age to personal labor, to work the plow to maintain my family, without the need for public offices where others enrich themselves by outrages to those in misery.
Ernie Allen OBE (born 1946) is an attorney who served as the President & CEO of the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children (NCMEC) for 23 years until June 2012, and the International Centre for Missing & Exploited Children (ICMEC) until 2014.
He is a graduate of the University of Louisville where he became a member of Phi Kappa Tau fraternity.   Allen received his Juris Doctorate from the University of Louisville in 1972 and passed the Kentucky bar exam that same year.
From 1973 to 1983 he was the director of the Louisville Crime Commission and from 1983 to 1985 he was director of safety for Louisville.  From 1985 to 1989 he was the chief administrative officer for Jefferson County, Kentucky.
Allen served as President & CEO of both NCMEC and the International Centre for Missing & Exploited Children (ICMEC) for 15 years.  Allen retired from NCMEC in 2012, and in 2014 announced his retirement from ICMEC as well.
Allen is a member of the Advisory Board for WeProtect which is a global non-profit cooperation with the goal to protect children online and stop the crime of online child sexual abuse and exploitation.
In June 2021, he was appointed Honorary Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE), for services to the protection of children in the UK.
To parents, "our basic message is get that [personal computer] out of the bedroom and put it in a public place and set some limits and know what your kids are doing."
This biographical article about a United States activist is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Savage was born in Streamstown, Ballisodare, County Sligo on 12 October 1897. He was the youngest son of Michael Savage who was known locally as a Fenian activist and Bridget Savage; formerly Gildea.  After leaving school he worked as an apprentice grocer in Sligo Town before committing himself to the fight for Irish Independence.
The plan was for Martin Savage, Tom Kehoe and Dan Breen to push a hay-cart halfway across the road and then, after the out-rider and the first car had passed, they would push it the rest of the way across the road, thereby completely blocking the path of the remaining vehicles. They had been informed that Lord French was to be in the second car and this car they intended to attack with Mills Bombs and rifle fire.
As they pushed the hay-cart across the road their plan was almost foiled as a member of the Royal Irish Constabulary (RIC) disturbed them, telling them to move on. One of them threw a grenade at him, although it didn't explode it struck the police officer on the head, knocking him unconscious. The police officer was then dragged from the road and the attack went ahead as planned.
Savage's body was taken by British military and an inquest was held into his death. The inquest was attended by his brother and his employer William Kirk, who described the dead paramilitary as "a steady, sober and industrious young man, gentlemanly in manner and extremely courteous."
After the inquest, Savage's body was handed over to his relatives. His remains lay overnight at Broadstone Station before departing for Sligo where it was met at Collooney railway station by a large crowd. His coffin, draped in an Irish Tricolour, was carried over two miles at shoulder height to his family's burial ground. It was buried with military honours in his native Ballisodare, County Sligo.
Breen noted that "the cortege was several miles long, the Parish Priest attended and recited the last prayer, while the Royal Irish Constabulary, armed with guns, surrounded the graveyard. "However, I suppose, this was the best tribute they could have paid to a gallant soldier, even though they did not mean it that way".
In 1948, the National Graves Association erected a memorial to Savage close to the site of the ambush at Ashtown Roundabout. There is an annual commemoration of his death at the site of the ambush.
There have also been a number of streets and public places named after him including Martin Savage Place in County Meath, Martin Savage Road and the home of St. Oliver Plunkett's Eoghan Ruadh GAA club, Martin Savage Park in County Dublin and Martin Savage Terrace near the centre of Sligo Town.
Born in 1822, near Darien, Georgia, McIntosh read law. He was a planter in Florida. He entered private practice in Jacksonville, Florida from 1850 to 1586.
McIntosh was nominated by President Franklin Pierce on February 27, 1856, to a seat on the United States District Court for the Northern District of Florida vacated by Judge Isaac H. Bronson. He was confirmed by the United States Senate on March 11, 1856, and received his commission the same day. His service terminated on January 3, 1861, due to his resignation.
Following his resignation from the federal bench, McIntosh served as a Judge of the Confederate District Court for the District of Florida starting in 1861. He died on June 18, 1868, in Pensacola, Florida.
Truth in 24 II: Every Second Counts is a 2012 documentary film detailing Audi's preparation for the 2011 24 Hours of Le Mans. The film is based on the documentary Truth in 24 which detailed Audi's preparation for the 2008 24 Hours of Le Mans.
Truth in 24 II: Every Second Counts premiered on-on air on SpeedTV on May 5, 2012. The film was also released for free download on iTunes.
In 1524 the comital title passed to Gabriel von Salamanca, a favourite of the Habsburg archduke Ferdinand I, who had a lavish new residence, present-day Porcia Castle, built in Spittal from about 1530 onwards. Again damaged by an earthquake and a storm in 1690, Ortenburg Castle decayed. In 1976, the ruins were secured and made accessible to the public.
Lucas and Sami soon find themselves attracted to other people. Sami starts crushing on Austin, and Lucas becomes interested in Sami's sister, Carrie (Christie Clark).
Lucas and Sami scheme to break up Austin and Carrie's relationship so they could have them for themselves.  Because he agrees to help Sami, she helps Lucas find out who his real father is. His mother Kate Roberts has told Lucas that his father was a successful military man and graduate of West Point Academy but he knows she is lying. In return, Lucas agrees to take Sami to the spring fling wearing his academy uniform and help her make Austin jealous.
Soon, it is revealed that Bill Horton is Lucas's father. Feeling very betrayed and let down, he pushes his mother away. In the process, Lucas gains a lot of family in the form of the Hortons.
Lucas wants custody of his son. However, Sami gets in his way, claiming that Lucas has abused Will, and that she has witnessed it. Sami gets a restraining order against Lucas.
Lucas begins to date Carrie, and Sami begins to date Austin, and this leads to the eventual marriage of Lucas and Carrie, and the near marriage of Austin and Sami. But a mysterious gloved hand leaves a note that warns Sami not to go through with her wedding to Austin, or it will be revealed that Sami actually blackmailed Lexie into telling Carrie that she could not bear children.
Sami is attracted to her new neighbor, EJ Wells (James Scott), and after her wedding disaster, they kiss for the first time. But Sami then discovers that not only is EJ the son of the villainous Stefano DiMera (Joseph Mascolo), but that he is also sleeping with Kate.
On May 21, 2013, Sami and Lucas became grandparents to Arianna, Will's daughter with Gabi Hernandez; and on April 3, 2014, they are proud parents at the wedding of their son Will (now Guy Wilson), to Sonny Kiriakis (Freddie Smith).
In October 2014, EJ is shot dead, and Lucas comforts Sami. In order to get the children away from Stefano, Sami relocates to California with Alllie, Johnny, and Sydney (and Will and Arianna accompany them for the first few weeks).
On October 9, 2015, Will's body is found on the floor of his apartment in Salem. He has apparently been murdered (by strangulation), and the first-responders declare that he is dead. Sami returns to Salem for Will's funeral. Sami and Lucas go to the morgue together, and grieve over their son's body; and they give eulogies at his funeral.
The 1st Lo Nuestro Awards ceremony, presented by Univision honoring the best Latin music of 1988 and 1989 took place on May 31, 1989 at the Knight Center, in Miami, Florida, United States. The ceremony was broadcast in the United States and Latin America by Univision.
Scott grew up in the wheatbelt town of Walgoolan and after completing her teaching qualification she returned to the country as a teacher.
After entering parliament Scott acted as the shadow minister for Culture and the Arts (March 2005 - April 2006), shadow minister for Censorship and Children (March 2005 to present) and shadow minister for the Arts (April 2006 to present).
In February 2008 Scott announced that she would retire from politics at the next state election and would not seek preselection.
Marc Collat (born 24 May 1950) is a Martinican-French professional football coach and former player who last managed Haiti.
This biographical article relating to French football is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This biographical article related to association football from Martinique is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The character is an obnoxious, deluded and uncouth satire of a romantic singer characterized in a commedia dell'arte style. Wilfredo has acquired a cult status, particularly among music festival audiences and on the alternative cabaret and comedy circuit in London. Roper has toured the character internationally, performing in Spain, Italy, the Czech Republic, Germany, Hungary, Slovakia, South Africa, Australia and Argentina.
Wilfredo's life story is juxtaposed with real life historical events into which Wilfredo is fictionally placed: an appearance at the Benidorm International Song Contest Festival for example is claimed, as is a friendship and a near collaboration with Serge Gainsbourg. Throughout his performances Wilfredo introduces songs from a fictional back catalogue of bestselling albums, with titles ranging from El Chico En El Toro (the Boy on the Bull) to Solo Para Las Damas (Only for the Ladies).
The boorish and outlandish Wilfredo is delusional, believing himself to be the apotheosis of masculinity and all that is attractive to women. This arrogance is counterbalanced by a charm which in turn endears him to audiences. The origin of the name lies in Latin America, meaning 'to desire peace'.
An appearance in the first series of Rufus Hound's What's So Funny? for BBC Radio 7 (now BBC Radio 4 Extra) was enough to initiate further interest in the character from radio audiences, while an appearance at the E4 Udderbelly for Arthur Smith's Pissed Up Chat Show (sold to audiences as the only show where the host is sober but all his guests are drunk) followed successfully in July 2011.
In June 2011 the first of five editions of Wilfredo... and Other Beautiful Creatures was staged at the Phoenix Artist Club in Soho. Headed by Wilfredo and featuring a variety of musical and comic guests, the show took place each month in the basement club. Guests included the Pajama Men, Isy Suttie, Barry from Watford, Loretta Maine, Lewis Schaffer and Lenny Beige.
On 25 December 2011, Wilfredo recorded the Christmas Day edition of The Comedy Club for BBC Radio 4 Extra.
In February 2012 the first performance of The Wonderful World of Wilfredo was presented at London's BAC, programmed for the N20 Comedy Festival. In April Wilfredo guested at the Camden Roundhouse for a short season in performances curated by Scottee for CircusFest 2012. On 6 July Wilfredo performed in Arthur Smith's Benefit for the Royal Yacht at the E4 Udderbelly at the Southbank Centre, an alternative Queen's Diamond Jubilee Concert.
Wilfredo embarked on a Spring tour of the Asia-Pacific region in 2015, having opened at the Adelaide Fringe on 1 March and giving performances in Manila, Philippines, Singapore and at the Melbourne International Comedy Festival.
On 6 July, Wilfredo Unchained: Live in California was released worldwide as a download-only concert album, originally recorded in Petaluma, California in April 2014.
Presently Wilfredo makes regular weekend appearances at the Slipper Room, a vaudeville and variety theatre in the Lower East Side of Manhattan, New York City. According to a piece by the British comedy blogger John Fleming published in December 2015, Wilfredo will appear in a feature film entitled The Mel and Fanny Movie, directed by James Habacker. Shooting is to begin in New York City early 2016.
 Secunder Kermani is a British journalist who is the BBC correspondent in Pakistan and Afghanistan.  He was previously a reporter on the BBC's flagship current affairs programme Newsnight.
Secunder Kermani was born in the United Kingdom and is of Pakistani descent. Kermani attended Dulwich College and then graduated with a first class honours degree in History and Spanish from the University of Manchester, and a Masters in TV Journalism from Goldsmiths, University of London.[citation needed]
Kermani began reporting for the BBC's Newsnight programme in 2014. Many of his reports focused on the growth of the militant group the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS), and Western recruits to the organisation. He secured a number of exclusive interviews with members of ISIS including British jihadist Omar Hussain, and Australian suicide bomber Jake Bilardi, as well as with relatives of other ISIS fighters.
In February 2018 Kermani was appointed the BBC's correspondent in Pakistan and Afghanistan. He has interviewed Nobel Peace Prize winner Malala Yousafzai, former Prime Minister of Pakistan Nawaz Sharif, current Pakistani Prime Minister Imran Khan, the President of Sri Lanka Maithripala Sirisena, and chief negotiator of the Afghan Taliban, Abbas Stanikzai.
Kermani has also been a reporter on an episode of the BBC's flagship documentary strand Panorama, and been a presenter on the BBC Asian Network radio station.
In 2021, Kermani was one of the main correspondents from the BBC covering the advance of the Taliban, the Fall of Kabul and the subsequent events.
Song Shanshan (born 25 March 1987) is a former professional tennis player. She won six ITF titles, all in doubles, including two $25k tournaments.
Song made her WTA Tour main-draw debut in the doubles at the 2006 Guangzhou International Open, where she and Chen Yanchong made the quarterfinals, with a win over future world number one doubles player Elena Vesnina and her partner Anna Chakvetadze.
The 1986 FIFA World Cup qualification UEFA Group 7 was a UEFA qualifying group for the 1986 FIFA World Cup. The group comprised Iceland, Scotland, Spain and Wales.
The Tzuf Dvash Synagogue is a Sephardic synagogue which was founded in 1860 under Ottoman Empire rule in the Jewish Quarter of the Old City of Jerusalem. Today it is located at 15 Plugat ha-Kotel Street.
During the 19th century, a greater number of Jews arrived in Jerusalem from the North African countries. Through Ben Shimon's influence, the group broke off from the greater Sephardic community of Jerusalem and established the Westerners' Synagogue (as opposed to the Eastern Mizrahi Jews) in 1860. The building also contained the community's Talmud Torah and an old age home.
The community's property register, which was written after Ben Shimon's death in 1879, listed a yard with two synagogues, with the Ben Tzuf synagogue described as the "large and special one." The register adds that people would rise each midnight to study at the synagogue. The upper floor contained the Talmud Torah, which consisted of three rooms. The lower floor housed the meeting room of the community council, as well as two small rooms in which lived the widows who cleaned the yard.
After the 1948 war, the building was under Jordanian rule, along with the entire Old City of Jerusalem. Though the building was looted, it remained standing. After the Six-Day War, the building was refurbished and in 1980 it was restored as a house of prayer.
The domed rooms were rededicated in 1988 by the French community. The building also serves as a yeshiva.
Matt Austin (born Matthew Sadowski;[citation needed] 20 April 1978) is a Canadian actor, best known for his role as Bridge Carson, the Green Ranger (later Blue Ranger) from the children's television series Power Rangers S.P.D.. He returned in 2007 as the Red Ranger in the Power Rangers Operation Overdrive "Once a Ranger" 15th anniversary team-up two-part episode. In addition to acting, he is also a writer, musician, and filmmaker.
Austin communicates frequently with the Power Rangers fanbase, and was a guest at Power Morphicon in June 2007, where he interviewed guests and shot footage of the interviews with his own camera. Recently, he revealed plans to make a documentary on the Power Rangers fandom called MOR-FAN-ONIMAL. However, according to his Twitter account, production has ceased due to the funding not being put together.
Austin's "Power Rangers" character, Bridge, displays a particular fondness for buttered toast by wiggling the fingers on his right hand and uttering the word "buttery" as he does so. This reference stems from Austin's own fondness for Indian butter chicken. His character also wears gloves on his hands due to his inability to control his powers, though in reality, the gloves are used to conceal the tattoo that Matt has on his hands
Canada's Alliance Releasing has picked up worldwide rights to Don't You Forget About Me, a 75-minute documentary centered on late filmmaker John Hughes starring and directed by Austin. It chronicles Austin's recent road trip to the suburbs of Illinois, where he attempted to track down Hughes, who at that point had not written or directed a movie in more than a decade. The project features interviews with Ally Sheedy, Judd Nelson, Mia Sara, Kelly Le Brock and Andrew McCarthy.
The College of National Security (also referred to as the National College of Cyber Security) was a proposed cyber security school for 16-19 year-olds, scheduled to open in September 2020 at Bletchley Park.
The initiative to create the school emerged from Qufaro, a not-for-profit organisation created by representatives of Raytheon, BT Security, the Institute of Information Security Professionals, and National Museum of Computing.
The college was to be located in Block G of Bletchley Park which was being renovated in 2017 with funding by the Bletchley Park Science and Innovation Centre. (Bletchley Park Trust has no involvement in the cyber security college.)
This United Kingdom university, college or other education institution article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Barahna is a genus of Australian intertidal spiders that was first described by V. T. Davies in 2003. The name is derived from baran-barahn, the Bundjalung word for "spider". Originally placed with the Stiphidiidae, it was moved to the intertidal spiders after the results of a 2017 genetic study.
Among the many admirers of the opera was Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, who wrote to Charlotte von Stein in a letter dated 28 August 1784:
On 28 August 1784, Goethe was in Braunschweig. A production of the opera there in 1782 has been recorded.
 In New York City, from the early 1950s through the mid-1960s (and beyond), many galleries began as an outgrowth of an artistic community that had sprung up in a particular area of downtown Manhattan. The streets between 8th Street and 14th Street between Fifth and Third Avenues attracted many serious painters and sculptors where studio and living space could be found at a relatively inexpensive cost. Author Morgan Falconer describes it this way for the Royal Academy of Art Blog:
Finding the audience for vanguard contemporary art to be small and the venues in which to show few, artists began to band together to launch and maintain galleries as a solution to the lack of other showing opportunities. Thus began a neighborhood in which several (some now legendary) co-operative galleries were formed, and a few non co-operative galleries as well.
"Approximately 250 artists were dues-paying members of these co-operative galleries between 1952 and 1962. More than 500 artists and possibly close to 1000 artists exhibited on Tenth Street during those years." Several older and more established artists such as Willem de Kooning, Franz Kline and Milton Resnick maintained studios nearby, and often served a supporting role for the many younger artists who gravitated to this scene.
During the most active years of the 10th Street cooperatives, sculptors William King, David Slivka, James Rosati, George Spaventa, Sidney Geist, Israel Levitan, Gabriel Kohn, and Raymond Rocklin, became known as representatives of the 10th Street style of sculpture, even though there was remarkable diversity in their work.
Other galleries associated with the area and the time were the Fleischman Gallery, the Nonagon Gallery, the Reuben Gallery, the Terrain Gallery and the gallery at the Judson Church, which were not co-operatives.
The sculpture "Sonar Tide," in front of the Peoria Civic Center is by Ronald Bladen. He was a member of the Brata Gallery.
The "Lao Tzu" sculpture, displayed in Denver, was created by Mark di Suvero. He was a member of the March Gallery.
Alice Neel painted "Blanche Angel Pregnant, 1937," which is now displayed at the Whitney Museum. She was a member of the Camino Gallery.
The art installation "Narcissus Garden" by Yayoi Kusama is displayed in Brumadinho/Brazil. She was a member of the Brata Gallery.
Sculptor Richard Stankiewicz created "Miracle in the Scrap Heap," which his now displayed at the Ilana Goor Museum in Jaffa, Israel. He was a member of the Hansa Gallery.
The Sculpture "Negro y blanco horizontalNegro y blanco horizontal" was created between 1993-99 by George Sugarman. It is displayed in Palma de Mallorca, Spain. He was a member of the Brata Gallery.
The Camino closed in November 1963. At that time, six members (Alice Forman, Philip Held, Aaron Levy, Gertrude Shibley, Alida Walsh, Florence Weinstein) joined the Phoenix Gallery, which had moved uptown to 939 Madison Avenue.
The film takes place in 1942, when Soviet climbers saved the inhabitants of the Caucasus foothills by sacrificing themselves.
Elections in Alabama are authorized under the Alabama State Constitution,  which establishes elections for the state level officers, cabinet, and legislature, and the election of county-level officers, including members of school boards.
The office of the Alabama Secretary of State has an Elections Division that oversees the execution of elections under state law?
Since 1986, Republicans have won six of the seven gubernatorial elections and become increasingly competitive in Alabama politics at many levels. They currently control two seats of Alabama's U.S. Senate delegation and six out of seven of the state's U.S. Representative delegation. And all 9 seats on the Supreme Court of Alabama are held by Republicans.
Two Republican lieutenant governors have been elected since Reconstruction, Steve Windom and Kay Ivey, the current governor. Windom served as lieutenant governor under Democratic Gov. Don Siegelman.  Before 2011, the last time that Alabama had a governor and lieutenant governor of the same party was the period between 1983 and 1987 when George Wallace was serving his fourth term as governor and Bill Baxley was serving as lieutenant governor; both were Democrats.
As of the early 21st century, local elections in most rural counties, many of which are black dominated, are generally decided in the Democratic primary, and local elections in metropolitan and suburban counties, which are generally white majority, are decided in the Republican primary, although there are exceptions.
In addition, Alabama, considered a "ruby-red" state (frequently supporting the GOP), elected Doug Jones, the Democratic candidate, as opposed to Roy Moore for the US Senator seat on 12 December 2017.
In 1964, the state swung over dramatically to support Republican Barry Goldwater, who carried the state with an unheard-of 69 percent of the vote, carrying all but five counties. He was the first Republican to carry the state since 1872. Like much of the Deep South, Alabama's voters turned violently on President Lyndon Johnson in the wake of the Civil Rights Act of 1964.
In the 1968 presidential election, Alabama supported native son and American Independent Party candidate George Wallace over both Richard Nixon and Hubert Humphrey. Wallace was the official Democratic candidate in Alabama, while Humphrey was the National Democratic nominee. In 1976, Democratic candidate Jimmy Carter from Georgia carried the state, the region, and the nation, but Democratic control of the region slipped after that.
In 2004, George W. Bush won Alabama's nine electoral votes by a margin of 25 percentage points with 62.5% of the vote, mostly white voters. The 11 counties that voted Democratic were Black Belt counties, where African Americans are the majority racial group.
The state's two U.S. senators are Republican Richard C. Shelby and Democrat Doug Jones. Richard Shelby was first elected in 1986 as a Democrat and switched parties after a Republican wave the 1994 midterm elections. Doug Jones was elected in a special election in 2017 to replace U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions, defeating former Alabama Supreme Court Chief Justice Roy Moore. 
In the U.S. House of Representatives, the state is represented by seven members, six Republicans (Bradley Byrne, Mike D. Rogers, Robert Aderholt, Morris J. Brooks, Martha Roby, and Gary Palmer) and one Democrat (Terri Sewell).
The following table displays, by color, the parties of elected officials in the U.S. state of Alabama from 1817 to the current year. As such, it may indicate the political party strength at any given time. The officers listed include:
For years in which a presidential election was held, the table indicates which party's nominees received the state's electoral votes.
Talkbiznow was a business networking site  Founded in 2008 and launched in August 2008, the site is a web-based business community and collaboration tool that provides business services for small businesses and professionals. Talkbiznow has been featured in the San Francisco Chronicle, Design Week, Sky News, The Financial Times, The Guardian, Times Online, Forbes, Fox Business Network, and The Daily Telegraph.
Forming part of the Sproxton civil parish, Stonesby broadly consists of a small number of limestone habitats concentrated around the local parish church, set amongst a broad area of arable land.
From a very early time, Stonesby formed an ancient parish within the Framland hundred of the historic county boundaries of Leicestershire, though was abolished as a parish in 1936. Between 1894 and 1935, it lay within the Melton Mowbray Rural District, and from 1935 to 1974, within the Melton and Belvoir Rural District.
The 14th-century parish church is dedicated to Saint Peter. It was renovated in 1875 by R.W. Johnson and is a Grade II* listed building 
Heliura banoca is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae. It was described by Harrison Gray Dyar Jr. in 1914. It is found in Panama and Costa Rica.
John Mary Honi Uzuegbunam (born 9 March 1993) is a professional footballer who plays for Avispa Fukuoka in the J1 League as a forward. Born in Nigeria, he represents Cameroon internationally.
Despite being born in Nigeria, John Mary was naturalized and played for Cameroon U20 in 2011.[citation needed]
Oregon City Hall is the main municipal building for the Ogle County, Illinois city of Oregon. It stands on Oregon's Third Street, in the middle of the Oregon Commercial Historic District. The building is considered a contributing structure to the overall historical integrity of the historic district. Erected in 1920, the building, along with the rest of the historic district joined the National Register of Historic Places in August 2006.
The 2nd arrondissement of Parakou is an arrondissement in the Borgou Department of Benin. It is an administrative division under the jurisdiction of the commune of Parakou. According to the population census conducted by the Institut National de la Statistique Benin on February 15, 2002, the arrondissement had a total population of 45,765.
She was Michigan's first licensed female architect, one of the founders of the Alpha Gamma Delta sorority, active in Greek life, and a founding member of the Detroit Business Women's Club, the first professional women's club in the nation.
Butterfield was born in Algonac, Michigan, in St. Clair County. She attended Detroit Public Schools. Butterfield and her father shared a great love of art. In her teenage years she and her father went on sketch trips to the western United States and Europe.
Butterfield was among the three co-founders, along with publisher Emma Spoor, and manufacturer's agent Grace Wright, of the Detroit Business Women's Club in 1912. It was the first professional women's club in the nation and Butterfield served as founding president.
In a series of mergers, the Club became part of what is now known as BPW/Michigan. This chapter is a part of Business and Professional Women (BPW), the oldest and largest organization for working women in the world. The national BPW organization is made up of federations from each of the 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands.
Butterfield designed the coats of arms for the following fraternities: Alpha Kappa Psi, Sigma Delta Rho, Sigma Tau Gamma, Theta Upsilon Omega, and Theta Kappa Nu (later merged with Lambda Chi Alpha). With George Banta, she created the coat-of-arms (adopted in 1910) of Phi Mu Alpha Sinfonia fraternity, the national fraternity for men in music.
She designed the chapter houses of Alpha Gamma Delta at Syracuse and Michigan State universities. When the fraternity established a summer camp (the "Alpha Gamma Delta Summer Camp Lodges") for underprivileged children in Jackson, Michigan in 1920, Butterfield was the architect of the camp. She also served as camp manager until 1924. She served as editor of the Alpha Gamma Delta Quarterly, the fraternity publication, for 7 years.
Butterfield had a strong influence on her sorority and Greek life, as noted in the 2004 Alpha Gamma Delta Centennial Keynote Address:
Butterfield and her father shared a love for, and studied the art of, heraldry. Following creating many heraldry designs for fraternal organizations, she also wrote College Fraternity Heraldry, published in 1931.
To further education in architecture, she published a children's book, Young People's History of Architecture (1933). She also contributed its illustrations, which she had drawn from her many travels.
Butterfield was an accomplished illustrator, working in pen and ink and watercolor, illustrating mainly nature, Michigan, and architectural scenes. She exhibited at the J. L. Hudson Gallery and at the Toledo Artists Club. Her artwork was used in her publications.
Butterfield retired to Neebish Island, where she served as postmaster during World War II. She died on March 22, 1958 and was inducted into the Michigan Women's Hall of Fame for her work in the field of architecture in 1990.
Close Cover Before Striking is an EP by Luna. It contains two videos ("Lovedust" and "1995" from Romantica), as well as Rolling Stones and Kraftwerk covers. The digital re-release in 2011 added Led Zeppelin and Alice Cooper covers.
A native of Indianapolis, Indiana, Newsome made his Negro leagues debut in 1923 with the Indianapolis ABCs. He went on to play for the Washington Potomacs, Detroit Stars, and Dayton Marcos, and finished his career in 1929 with the Memphis Red Sox. Newsome died in Dayton, Ohio in 1933 at age 33.
The Portrait of Bindo Altoviti is a painting finished around 1515 by the Italian High Renaissance painter Raphael. It is housed in the National Gallery of Art of Washington, D.C., United States.
Bindo Altoviti was a rich banker born in Rome in 1491 of Florentine origin. He was a cultured man who liked the arts. 
The graceful, almost effeminate position of the subject along with the heavy contrast between light and shadow are atypical of Raphael's work, particularly of his portraits of men, demonstrating the artist's experimentation with different styles and forms in his later Roman period.  The influence of the works of Leonardo, which Raphael studied astutely during this period of his career, is strikingly evident in this particular piece.
The painting was a property of Altoviti's descendants until 1808, when it was sold to Ludwig I of Bavaria. It remained at the Alte Pinakothek until 1936, when, after many debates about its attribution, the painting was lured out of Nazi Germany by "canny English dealers". Acquired by Samuel Henry Kress, the portrait subsequently became property of the National Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C..
A bronze bust of Altoviti by Benvenuto Cellini is exhibited in Boston at the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum.
This biographical article relating to an American football running back born in the 1900s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The term of office typically runs for three years and can, in some cases, be extended for another two years. However in practice, only two chairmen, Raj Kumar Talwar and Arundhati Bhattacharya had their terms extended. Arundhati Bhattacharya was also the first female chairperson of the bank and continues to be the only woman to have held that post
The inaugural officeholder was the Indian railway minister John Matthai, while P. C. Bhattacharya holds the unique distinction of having been in office for the longest time. P. C. Bhattacharya also held the post of governor of Reserve Bank of India.
Although SBI, through its predecessors the Imperial Bank of India and others, has existed in some form since 1806; this article strives to list only those chairmen who have headed the bank since its formation in its modern form, that is since 1955.
The station is located underground beneath the Terminal 2 Building of Haneda Airport. It has a single island platform, fitted with chest-high platform edge doors. Another island platform which shares one track with the platform now in use is provided but not in use.
"Even the Queen" is a science fiction short story by Connie Willis, exploring the long-term cultural effects of scientific control of menstruation.  It was originally published in 1992 in Asimov's Science Fiction, and appears in Willis' short-story collection Impossible Things (1994) and The Best of Connie Willis (2013), as well as in the audio-book Even the Queen and Other Short Stories (1996).
Three generations of women discuss the decision of one of their daughters to join the "Cyclists", a group of traditionalist women who have chosen to menstruate even though scientific breakthroughs (in particular, a substance called "ammenerol") have made this unnecessary. The title refers to the fact that "even the Queen" (of the United Kingdom) menstruated.
The Village Voice considers it "light-hearted" and "a comedy of identity politics and mother-daughter relations", while Billboard, reviewing the audiobook, describes it as a "sly jab at both feminists and anti-feminists."
Bryan Keane (born 20 August 1980) is an Irish triathlete who won a team bronze medal at the 2000 European Cross Country Championships. He placed 7th at the 2010 ITU Sprint Distance Triathlon World Championships and 40th at the 2016 Olympics.
Set in an Oregon logging community, Lillian (Stiles), is a woman newly returned to her hometown after the death of her mother. She is being harassed by a local man named Blackway (Liotta), who is a big criminal in their little town. He operates with impunity in this small community on the edge of the wilderness.
After Blackway kills her cat, she goes to the town sheriff for help, but is basically told that her best option is to leave town. Lillian refuses to be run out of town by Blackway, but Sheriff Wingate is reluctant to act against Blackway out of fear; feeling sympathetic to Lillian, he tells her to go to the town lumberyard mill and ask for a man named Scotty. The following events that unfold afterwards all happen within one single day.
In the early morning, Lillian goes to the lumberyard mill, where a group of elderly men are gathered in the shop's office, run by Whizzer. Lillian tells Whizzer that she is looking for Scotty on the recommendation of Sheriff Wingate to help her with Blackway. Scotty isn't there, and the men also tell her the same thing that the sheriff said, which is to leave town rather than go up against Blackway.
They head out to a local diner, where Lester asks the cook, Chris, who is newly released from prison on drug charges, where they could find Blackway. Chris tells Lester to try Blackway's motel, where he runs his drug business as well as other criminal activities. They find Blackway at his motel in the afternoon, but do not act upon it, as Lester can see that it's not a good opportunity yet.
Inside one of the motel rooms, Lillian finds an old school acquaintance handcuffed to a bed, she releases her while Lester and Nate distracts two of Blackway's men. Lester grabs a handgun from one of the men, while Nate grabs a shotgun that was in sight. Nate causes an explosion inside the motel room, presumably because meth was being cooked in the room; Lillian puts her old acquaintance on a bus to get out of town after rescuing her.
It is now evening time, and the three drive up into the deep woods, while Whizzer is narrating to the men in the shop about the dangers of the deep backwoods. Since Nate and Lester have been causing Blackway so much trouble all day, Lester knows that he will be looking for them. They settle in for the night out at a camping ground area of the woods, and Lester goes off with his antique rifle, leaving Lillian and Nate alone together.
Blackway shows up at night, armed with a gun pointed at Lillian and Nate. Lester has a clear shot of Blackway from inside a trailer and is about to kill him, but unbeknownst to Nate of Lester's vantage point, Nate fends off Blackway to protect him and Lillian. When Lester gets another chance of a clear shot of Blackway again, he gets shot instead by Murdoch who finds him in the trailer, and Blackway is able to knock out Nate.
Lester tells them that they'll have to drag Blackway and Murdoch's bodies deep into the woods so that the wild animals will scavenge their bodies and they'll never be found.
At daybreak the next morning, the three drive back into town. Whizzer, who is opening up his lumber mill during daybreak, sees the pickup truck coming back into town and knows that the town is finally rid of Blackway from doing so. Lester gets dropped off at his house, while Lillian and Nate are driving back to their homes, and an attraction is evident between Nate and Lillian.
Filming began on November 12, 2014 primarily in Enderby, British Columbia. It would also be shot in Lumby. Filming lasted until late December.
On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of 20% based on 5 reviews, with an average rating of 3.92/10. Guy Lodge of Variety called the film a "turgid, tension-free revenge thriller".
The Six Days of New York was a former six-day cycling event, held in New York City, in Madison Square Garden's velodrome. Between 1899 and 1961, a total of 73 editions were held, sometimes three per year. Only the Six Days of Berlin and the Six Days of Ghent had more runnings. Australian Alfred Goullet and Italian Franco Giorgetti hold the record with eight wins each.
The song was performed last on the night, following Denmark's Birthe Wilke & Gustav Winckler with "Skibet skal sejle i nat". The song was placed eighth out of ten songs, and gained a total of 5 points.
Pig Goat Banana Cricket is an American animated television series on Nickelodeon. Created by Dave Cooper and Johnny Ryan, the series follows the adventures of the eponymous characters Pig (Matt L. Jones), Goat (Candi Milo), Banana (Thomas F. Wilson), and Cricket (Paul Rugg). Most episodes present the escapades of the four characters separately until they meet at the end. The first season premiered on July 16, 2015.
On June 25, 2015, it was announced that the series had been picked up for a second season of 14 episodes, ahead of the series premiere.
The second season of the show got moved to sister network Nicktoons. The show ended on August 11, 2018.
A grandson of James Ussher, head of the Church of Ireland from 1625 to 1656, in 1648 he married his cousin Alicia Ussher, another of his grandchildren. Of his four brothers, Henry and Ambrose were also bishops in the Church of Ireland, while Michael and Oliver were senior soldiers and politicians.
Little is known of his career prior to the Irish Rebellion of 1641 when he fought in the Irish Confederate Wars, first with the Earl of Ormonde's Royal Irish Army, then later under Oliver Cromwell. When Ireland was part of the Commonwealth of England from 1653 to 1660, he sat as MP in the Second and Third Protectorate Parliaments. Prior to The Restoration in 1660, he and his brother Henry were instrumental in securing Ireland for Charles II.
In return, he was appointed to the Privy Council of Ireland, made Clerk of the Pells in the Exchequer of Ireland, Scoutmaster of Ireland and elected for Meath in the 1661 to 1666 Parliament of Ireland. He largely withdrew from public life after 1664 and died in Osbertstown, County Kildare on 2 January 1685.
For the next three years, Jones served with Robert Venables in the campaign to subdue Leinster and Ulster, including the battles of Scarrifholis and Lisnagarvey. In April 1653, the last of the rebel leaders in Ulster surrendered to him at Cloughoughter Castle.
W Network (often shortened to W) is a Canadian English language specialty channel owned by Corus Entertainment. The channel primarily broadcasts general entertainment programming oriented towards a female audience.
W Network was established in 1995 as the Women's Television Network (WTN), which had a focus on women's lifestyle programming. The channel was eventually acquired by Corus in 2001 and relaunched under its current branding in 2002. As part of the relaunch, W's programming shifted to a mix of both entertainment and lifestyle programming. By 2017, W had moved its lifestyle programming to its sister networks, focusing exclusively on entertainment programming. 
The channel is available in two time shifted feeds, East (operating from the Eastern Time Zone) and West (operating from the Pacific Time Zone).
In June 1994, Linda Rankin, on behalf of a corporation to be incorporated, (later incorporated as Lifestyle Television (1994) Limited, principally owned by Moffat Communications) was granted a television broadcasting licence by the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) to operate a channel called Lifestyle Television, described as offering "information and entertainment programming of particular interest to women."
The channel subsequently launched on January 1, 1995 as Women's Television Network (WTN). Like Moffat's other cable television operations, WTN was headquartered in Winnipeg, Manitoba. Linda Rankin served as the president of the network from its launch.
The channel suffered from low ratings in the beginning. Of the slew of new channels launched on January 1, WTN was initially the lowest rated channel on average. Linda Rankin later resigned in August 1995 citing "differences in management philosophy".
On August 2, 2011, the channel launched its HD feed, a simulcast of W Network's standard-definition Eastern-time feed. The HD feed was added to Bell Satellite TV satellite and Bell Fibe TV channel lineups on March 23, 2012. It was also available on Eastlink, Telus TV and Shaw Direct. On October 1, 2013, an HD feed for the Western-time channel was launched on Shaw Cable.
On October 25, 2018, Corus announced a content deal with Crown Media Holdings, giving W Network exclusive Canadian rights to original movies and series produced for Hallmark Channel and Hallmark Movies & Mysteries. W Network will broadcast branded blocks of Hallmark Channel content, including local versions of Hallmark Channel's seasonal programming events. The partnership officially launched on November 1, 2018 with the Countdown to Christmas event.
W Network primarily broadcasts a mix of television dramas and films, including programming acquired from Hallmark Channel, most of which is filmed in Canada. W is best known for producing the Love It or List It and Property Brothers franchises, which are seen on HGTV in the United States, and have since moved to the Canadian HGTV channel.
It is one of four Poropuntius species endemic to the Bolovens Plateau, three of which were treated as trophic morphs of P. bolovenensis by Tyson R. Roberts but more recently Maurice Kottelat has determined that these are separate species, as the specialisation is present in juveniles which mean it is genetically determined, Kottelat also described a fourth species. P. consternans is Roberts'  acuticeps morph.
The Story Bridge is a heritage-listed steel cantilever bridge spanning the Brisbane River that carries vehicular, bicycle and pedestrian traffic between the northern and the southern suburbs of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. It is the longest cantilever bridge in Australia.
The road across the bridge is named Bradfield Highway. The bridge connects Fortitude Valley to Kangaroo Point. The Story Bridge opened in 1940 and was tolled until 1947. It is named after prominent public servant John Douglas Story.
Before the opening of the Sydney Harbour Bridge in 1932 the Government of Queensland asked John Bradfield to design a new bridge in Brisbane.[citation needed]
The bridge carries an average of 97,000 vehicles each day. The Story Bridge carries three lanes of traffic in either direction as well as a shared pedestrian and cycle way flanking each side. The road on the bridge is called the Bradfield Highway. It is not to be confused with the Bradfield Highway that spans the Sydney Harbour Bridge.
Initially a toll of sixpence (5 cents) was charged to use the bridge, with toll booths constructed at the southern end of the Bradfield Highway. The toll was removed in 1947. Between 1952 and 1969 trolley-buses operated by the Brisbane City Council used the bridge.
Following completion of the bridge, an expressway was constructed on the southern side of the bridge (opened 18 May 1970), and a tunnel/loop was constructed at Kemp Place on the northern side (completed 10 July 1972).
The Story Bridge was closed to traffic from midnight of Friday 3 January 2014 until 5.30 a.m. Monday, 6 January 2014, for essential maintenance work of resurfacing all six lanes.
Closure for maintenance occurred again from 9 p.m. Friday 27 April 2018 until 5 a.m. Monday 30 April 2018.
The Story Bridge features prominently in the annual Riverfire display and is illuminated at night.  In 1990 road traffic was halted so pedestrians could celebrate the 50th anniversary of the bridge's construction. The bridge was again closed to road traffic on 5 July 2015 to celebrate the 75th anniversary. The celebration attracted almost 75,000 visitors to the bridge who enjoyed food, drink and entertainment as they walked across lanes usually reserved for vehicles.
In 2009 as part of the Q150 celebrations, the Story Bridge was announced as one of the Q150 Icons of Queensland for its role as a "structure and engineering feat".
Mahmud Gawan (1411, Iran - 1481) was a Prime Minister in the Bahamani Sultanate of Deccan. Khwaja Mahmud Gilani, from the village of Gawan in Persia, was well-versed in Islamic theology, Persian language and Mathematics and was a poet and a prose writer of repute. Later, he became a minister in the court of Muhammad III (1463-1482). A storehouse of wisdom, Mahmud enjoyed the trust and confidence of rulers, locals as well as that of foreign kingdoms, who had great respect for Mahmud.
Mahmud Gawan served the state most faithfully and enlarged the kingdom to an extent never achieved before. He conquered Kanchi or Kanjeevaram during the course of campaign against Vijayanagar. He fought successful wars against rulers of Konkan, Sangameshwara, Orissa and Vijayanagar. He captured Goa and Dabhol, the best part of Vijayanagar empire.
He built the great university in Bidar which is known as Mahmud Gawan Madrasa. Almost at the centre of Bidar's old Town stand the graceful buildings, which bear testimony to the genius and eclecticism of Mohammad Gawan. A linguist and a mathematician, he, together with carefully chosen scientists, philosophers and religious seers, created a distinguished religious school. His extensive library boasted of 3,000 manuscripts.
There were two factions of nobles: The Deccanis (Of local origin) and Afaqis. (Of Foreign origin). Mahmud was an Afaqi, so he faced many challenges. Unfortunately, plots were hatched to topple him by the Deccanis, the nobles forged a treasonous document purportedly from him. In a drunken state, the Sultan ordered him executed in April 1481. "With him departed all the cohesion and power of the Bahmani Sultan."
A Russian traveler, Athanasius Nikitin, who visited Bidar, has recorded that Mohammad Gawan's mansion was guarded by a hundred armed men and ten torchbearers.
Archers of Loaf vs. The Greatest of All Time (often shortened to either "Greatest of all Time" or simply GOAT) is the first EP by North Carolina indie rock band Archers of Loaf. The EP was recorded shortly after their first album Icky Mettle, and the styles are very similar.
The song "Greatest of all Time" was not featured on this release but rather their second full length, Vee Vee.
This article related to a river in the US state of Georgia is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
She represented the Czech Republic at the IIHF Women's World Championship Top Division tournaments in 2016, 2017, and 2019 and at the 2015 IIHF Women's World Championship Division I Group A tournament.
This biographical article relating to a Czech ice hockey player is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This biographical article related to a Turkish association football midfielder is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Hoogheemraadschap van Delfland is a Dutch waterboard, which is responsible for water management. It covers the municipalities of Delft, Midden-Delfland and The Hague, and is fully located in the province of South Holland. The organization was established in 1289 when William I, Duke of Bavaria (As William V, Count of Holland) authorized the "Heemraden of Delft" to manage water and serve as a court.
The Hoogheemraadschap is tasked with water quality and water quantity issues in its region. Its main activities are
The organization is led by a general board called "verenigde vergadering", consisting of 30 representatives which are representatives of the inhabitants (21 by direct elections), industry (4), owners of open land (mainly farmers) (4) and owners of nature (1). The present constitution is:
The inhabitants parties of VVD, AWP, CDA and Water Natuurlijk together with the representatives of Land and Industry together form the governing coalition. The 5 Hoogheemraden that form with the Dijkgraaf the Dagelijks Bestuur (Executive Council) thus stem from those 5 groups. The civil organization employs 550 people and has a turn over of 260 million euro.
The gemeenlandshuis at the Oude Delft in Delft houses the main office of the Delfland Water Board. The building is a rijksmonument and was built in 1505. The Late-Gothic building, situated on the Oude Delft 167, was built in 1505. The first owner was Jan de Huyter, bailiff of Delft and steward of Delfland. Later occupants were Philips, Count of Hohenlohe who was married to Maria of Nassau, a daughter of Willem of Orange. The Delfland Water Board has been established here since 1645.
Debora Agreiter (born 25 February 1991) is an Italian cross-country skier.  She competed at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, in skiathlon and women's classical.
This biographical article relating to Italian cross-country skiing is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about a radio station in the Philippines is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
In building his house, Ichabod Miller employed a mix of logs: some were hand-hewn, while others retained their original round shape, and all are notched to enable them to fit together at the corners.  The entire building is one and one half stories tall.
Fusion Academy & Learning Center (often referred to as Fusion Academy or Fusion) is a private, alternative school for grades 6-12. All classes are taught on a one-to-one basis with one student and one teacher per classroom. Students generally complete schoolwork on-site, instead of at home.
Fusion Academy was founded in 1989 by Michelle Rose Gilman, as an after-school tutoring program in her garage in Solana Beach, California. The company began to offer a full-time curriculum in 2001. In 2009, the company opened its second campus in Los Angeles. In 2011, Inc. Magazine included Fusion Academy in its annual "Inc. 5000" list of America's fastest-growing private companies, the second time the company had made the list.
Campuses offer therapeutic support from outside professionals for which parents pay extra, compassion and tolerance education, staff mentoring, tutoring, organizational and homework assistance, and support in areas such as time management, preparation for high school entrance or SAT, ACT, GED exams, college applications and career planning. One session of college Consulting is offered per year. Parents are charged for additional  sessions in addition to the tuition.
Eschweilera beebei is a species of woody plant in the family Lecythidaceae. It is found only in Venezuela.
Meanwhile the holidays continue. Natasha is very fond of Victor, he secretly is in love with her, but Natasha categorically rejects all of his timid advances. Unexpectedly an unpleasant surprise happens: on the beach Victor loses his clothes and passport and is detained by the police. To help Victor out of this difficult predicament, Natasha makes an "official" statement that he is her husband. And then it becomes clear that the ridiculous game of "spouses" has developed into true love...
Maehara Stadium is a stadium in Wailuku, Hawaii.  It is primarily used for baseball, and was the home field of Na Koa Ikaika Maui from 2010 to 2013. It also hosted the Maui Stingrays of the Hawaii Winter Baseball league.
The park opened in 1973 and holds 1,500 spectators.  It is named after Ichiro "Iron" Maehara, a Maui baseball advocate.  It is located next to War Memorial Stadium.
This article about an American Episcopal or Anglican bishop is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Delhi Aerodrome (TC LID: CDH6) is a registered aerodrome located adjacent to Delhi, Ontario, Canada.
In 1955, Vivian was commissioned to the 3rd Carabiniers (Army Emergency Reserve), which later merged with the Royal Scots Greys into the Royal Scots Dragoon Guards. 
In 1957 he transferred to a Regular Army commission. From 1976, he commanded the 16th/5th The Queen's Royal Lancers. Having then worked for defence intelligence staff at the UK Ministry of Defence, Vivian became deputy commander of the land forces in Cyprus in 1984. Elevated to the rank of Brigadier in 1987, he commanded the British Communication Zone until 1990, when he stepped down. Shortly after this, he was promoted Honorary Colonel of 306 Field Hospital, Territorial Army.
In 1991, Vivian succeeded to his father's titles and joined the House of Lords, where he was Shadow Minister for Defence. Between 1994 and 2000, he was Commissioner for the Royal Hospital, Chelsea.[citation needed]
He had one son, Charles (7th Baron Vivian) and one daughter, Henrietta (married to Philip Hoyland. Children: Jack, Francesca, George), by his first wife, and two daughters by his second wife, Natasha (married to Jamie Piggott. Children: Harry, Jemima, Olivia, Florence) and Camilla (married to William Wallace. Children: Agatha, George).
This biography of a baron in the peerage of the United Kingdom is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Malaxis macrostachya  is a species of orchid widespread across much Mexico, Central America, and the southwestern United States (Arizona, New Mexico, western Texas). It has only one leaf per plant, along with a tall flower stalk with as many as 160 tiny, green flowers.
Thetapapillomavirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Papillomaviridae. Birds serve as natural hosts. There is only one species in this genus: Thetapapillomavirus 1. Diseases associated with this genus include cutaneous lesions.
Viral replication is nuclear. Entry into the host cell is achieved by attachment of the viral proteins to host receptors, which mediates endocytosis. Replication follows the dsDNA bidirectional replication model. DNA-templated transcription, with some alternative splicing mechanism is the method of transcription. The virus exits the host cell by nuclear envelope breakdown. Birds serve as the natural host. Transmission routes are contact.
The Press and Registration of Books Act contains the duties and functions of the RNI. On account of some more responsibilities entrusted upon RNI during all these years, the office is performing both statutory as well as some non-statutory functions. Online registration system was formally inaugurated in 2004 by the Information and Broadcasting Minister S. Jaipal Reddy.
Baradulin was the last Belarusian who received the title of the People's Poet (1992). He received some other important awards for several books of poems and translations. He started publishing his works in 1953.
His first poems appeared in the newspaper Chyrvonaya zmiena. The first book of his poems, "Maladzik nad stepam" appeared in 1959. All in all Ryhor Baradulin published around 70 books of poems (including poems for children, satiric and humorous poems), articles, essays, translations. In 2006, Baradulin was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature for his book of poems called Ksty.
Section 5 of the Constitution of Australia empowers the Governor-General of Australia to prorogue the Australian Parliament, thereby bringing the current legislative session to an end.  Prorogation clears all business pending before Parliament and allows the Houses to be called back on a particular date without triggering an election.  The date for the new session of Parliament may be specified either in the proroguing proclamation or when the Governor-General summons the Houses to meet again.
The Governor-General may appoint such times for holding the sessions of the Parliament as he thinks fit, and may also from time to time, by Proclamation or otherwise, prorogue the Parliament, and may in like manner dissolve the House of Representatives.
After any general election the Parliament shall be summoned to meet not later than thirty days after the day appointed for the return of the writs.
The Parliament shall be summoned to meet not later than six months after the establishment of the Commonwealth.
Since 1990, it has been the practice for the Parliament to be prorogued on the same day that the House is dissolved so that the Senate will not be able to sit during the election period.
The Turnbull Government relied on section 5 to reconvene the Australian Senate a week early on 3 May 2016, despite a majority of Senators having voted not to reconvene before 10 May 2016. This forced the Senate (in which the Government lacked a majority) to reconvene and consider legislation that could form triggers for a double dissolution before the 2016 Australian federal election.
Diodora levicostata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae, the keyhole limpets and slit limpets.
The Cadillac Escala is a concept car built by Cadillac for the 2016 Pebble Beach Concours d'Elegance. The last of a trifecta of concept cars initially conceived in 2007, it is preceded by the Ciel and Elmiraj, which had debuted back in 2011 and 2013 respectively. The Escala previews Cadillac's future design language, being an evolution of the Art and Science design philosophy that has been used on its cars for over a decade.
The Escala was featured in a Cadillac advertisement as a symbol of what Cadillac's future will look like.
His wife  Catherine Gilmour died on 19 February 2011 at age 36 after a long battle with cancer.  Ewen Gilmour resigned from his position at Waitakere City Council in August 2007, after his wife's brain tumor was removed in 2006, so he could care for her.
Firozabad is a city near Agra in the state of Uttar Pradesh in India. It is the centre of India's glassmaking industry and is known for the quality of the bangles and also glasswares produced there.
The city lies in the cultural region of Braj and was a part of the Surasena Mahajanapada during the Vedic Age. It was subsequently ruled by the bigger kingdoms including the Mauryas, Guptas, Scythians, Kushans, Indo-greeks, Harsha before falling into the hands of  Brahmin Peshwa ,Rajput and Jat rulers.
General Lek and General Vellajally attacked Firozabad in 1802. In the beginning of British regime Firozabad was in Etawah district but after some time it was attached to Aligarh district. When Sadabad was created as a new district in 1832, Firozabad was attached to it. Later on, in 1833 Firozabad was attached to Agra district. In 1847, the business of lac was flourishing at Firozabad.
Firozabad railway station served by the Delhi-Howrah trunk route of the Indian Railways. Several trains serve the city connecting it to long and short distanced destinations including New Delhi, Howrah, Mumbai, Kanpur, Lucknow, Jaipur, Jammu Tawi, Amritsar, Jamshedpur, Patna, Aligarh, Agra, Hathras, Puri, Ajmer, Ambala, Bareilly, Mathura, Etawah, Basti, Gorakhpur and Tundla.
The city is well connected with Yamuna Expressway and Taj Expressway to national capital New Delhi and state capital Lucknow respectively.
Since few years, Firozabad has been suffering with a severe water pollution problem. The water has been polluted by the indiscriminate discharge of wastes by the industries, causing a literal water "crisis". The water has been tendered practically unusable. Citizens have no option but to install water purifiers at home and use packaged drinking water for consumption.
In Suhag Nagari, holy center of "Jain Nagar" was established by Lt. Seth Chhadamilal. The temple has a 45-foot granite idol of Bahubali, the largest in North India, weighing more that 3500 tonnes. There are many Jain temples near this temple.
Born and raised in Townsville, Queensland, Cedar began playing basketball as a youth for the Whirlwinds Basketball Club. He attended Townsville State High School, where he led the basketball team to the 2006 National Schools title and was regarded as one of the best young Australian guards at the time. The following year, he led the Queensland Under 20 side at the U20 National Championships in Ballarat, Victoria.
On 22 November 2017, Cedar re-signed with the Meteors for the 2018 season. In 20 games, he averaged 16.2 points, 4.4 rebounds, 3.7 assists and 1.4 steals per game.
On 8 January 2019, Cedar re-signed with the Meteors for the 2019 season. In 19 games, he averaged 19.7 points, 6.5 rebounds, 5.3 assists and 1.4 steals per game.
Cedar had signed with the USC Rip City for the 2020 NBL1 North season, but the season was cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic. He later played in the 2020 Queensland State League (QSL) for the Logan Thunder. In 10 games, he averaged 20.1 points, 5.6 rebounds, 5.6 assists and 2.6 steals per game.
Cedar's older brother, Michael, is also a professional basketball player who played eight seasons in the NBL for the Townsville Crocodiles between 2005 and 2013. Michael has also played in the QBL. In addition, Cedar's wife, Naomi, has played many years in the QBL women's competition.
Artworks is an album by saxophonist Art Pepper recorded in 1979 at the sessions that produced So in Love but not released on the Galaxy label until 1984.
The AllMusic review by Scott Yanow noted "The performances on this Galaxy LP are essentially outtakes and leftovers from Art Pepper's 1979 sessions for Artists House, but the quality is quite high. "Body and Soul" and "You Go to My Head" are particularly special, for they are unaccompanied alto solos, and on "Anthropology," Pepper has a rare outing on clarinet".
The 1920 Barcelona City Council election was held on Sunday, 8 February 1920, to elect half of the Barcelona City Council. 26 out of 50 seats were up for election (1 was a vacant seat).
Ramoetsana is a community council located in the Mafeteng District of Lesotho. Its population in 2006 was 10,519.
Ha Beo Ha Berente Ha Bukana Ha Chechane Ha Fako Ha Ferete Ha Hlasoa Ha Jobo Ha Leaooa Ha Leboto Ha Lekhoa Ha Lekokosa Ha Lenka Ha Letsema Ha Liholo Ha Limo Ha Maama Ha Mabusetsa Ha Majela Ha Makhabane Ha Makhejane Ha Makhomo
Ha Makoae Ha Maletlatsa Ha Matabane Ha Matee Ha Mateu Ha Mathabang Ha Matheka Ha Mokena Ha Mokhethi Ha Molati Ha Moluo-luo Ha Monaheng Ha Moolisa Ha Mopeli Ha Mothepu Ha Motloang Ha Motoai Ha Motsamai Ha Motumi Ha Mpheulane Ha Nalana Ha Ndaemane
Ha Nketsi Ha Nkhahle Ha Nkieane Ha Notoane Ha Nthota Ha Poliaroto Ha Qhooja Ha Rammuso Ha Ramoetsane Ha Rampeteku Ha Rantsipe Ha Rasoai Ha Ratjopa Ha Roitire Ha Salae Ha Seahle Ha Sechaba Ha Seeiso Ha Seele Ha Sekhaila Ha Sekhaoli
Maphonkoane Masaleng Matebeleng Mekokong Moeaneng Mohlanapeng Mokurutlung Molleloa Moqechane Moreneng Moseaneng Motse-mocha Motsekuoa Phahameng Phocha Phuthalichaba Sekokoaneng Taboleng Thaba-Bosiu Thaba-Kotjo Thaba-Sekoka  
Imran Aslam graduated from Government College University, Lahore, Pakistan. He also studied at the London School of Economics later.
Before he turned to journalism, he worked for Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan of the UAE. He began his journalistic career as the editor of an English language newspaper The Star in the 1980s.
In the 1990s, he was editor of The News, a Karachi English daily newspaper.  In 2015, he is the Group President of GEO Television Network, a subsidiary of the Jang Group of Newspapers.
"During his tenure as president, Geo Network launched Geo News channel, Geo Entertainment channel, Geo Super channel, Aag channel, Geo Kahani channel and Geo Tez channel."
This Pakistani biographical article related to television is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
In 1960, Sharma was appointed by the Rajasthan State Archives as General Editor of a comprehensive history of Rajasthan to be published by the Government of Rajasthan. This became the definitive work on the history of Rajasthan.[citation needed] Titled Rajasthan through the Ages this work was largely written by Sharma and was published in 1966. Samrat Prithiviraj Chauhan tritiya aur unka yug (in Hindi) is an updated text on Prithviraja III.
Born in Hamburg in August 1933, Nathan came with his family to England at the age of three to escape Nazi persecution.
Nathan was educated at Berkhamsted Boys School in Hertfordshire, and subsequently studied wool manufacture at the Scottish Woollen Technical College in Galashiels, Scotland. He was awarded an MPhil at the University of Leeds in Textile Industry.
Nathan was the founding Chairman of The Centre for the Study of Jewish-Christian Relations (1998-2003) (now The Woolf Institute) in Cambridge, which is devoted to teaching, research and dialogue between the three Abrahamic faiths. He subsequently became its Honorary Vice President. He was a Board Member of the Conference on Jewish Material Claims Against Germany and was Life President of the Support Group for the Centre for German-Jewish Studies at the University of Sussex.
In 2004 Nathan established the Clemens Nathan Research Centre, organizing numerous international conferences and publishing many books on human rights 
As a result of his work, amongst other public engagements he gave a lecture at The Peace Palace in the Hague for a conference on reparations hosted by REDRESS, entitled 'The Relevance of Post-Holocaust Experience', and he was invited to lecture at the University of Pennsylvania in 2009 on 'Human Rights in the 21st Century'.
Nathan was also a respected and prominent figure within the UK Jewish community. He was President of the Anglo-Jewish Association (1983-1989), Joint Chairman of the Consultative Council of Jewish Organisations (CCJO), and a director of the Sephardi Centre in London. He was also a governor of the Shenkar College of Engineering and Design in Israel.
Nathan was described as "the human of human rights" and "amongst the outstanding Englishmen of today and one of the great Jews of our generation". In 2012, he was one of a small group to offer the loyal address by the British Jewish Community to the Queen on the occasion of her Diamond Jubilee.
Nathan married Rachel in 1963 with whom he had three children. Nathan was a member of the Worshipful Company of Glovers and the Athenaeum Club. He died on 2 June 2015.
In 2016 the Clemens N Nathan PhD Scholarship Programme was established in tribute of Clemens Nathan. Run by the Centre for German-Jewish Studies at the University of Sussex, it has been partially funded by the Association of Jewish Refugees and the Anglo-Jewish Association.
An edited book of essays entitled "Contemporary Human Rights Challenges: The Universal Declaration of Human Rights and its Continuing Relevance" was published in Nathan's memory to mark the 70th Anniversary (10 December 2018) of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. The book's foreword is written by UNESCO Secretary General Audrey Azoulay and contains 18 essays including ones by Lord Williams and President Jimmy Carter.
Courseulles, was a railway station at the end of the CF Caen-Mer, terminus of trains from Caen and Luc-sur-Mer.
The Games was an Australian mockumentary television series about the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney. The series was originally broadcast on the ABC and had two seasons of 13 episodes each, the first in 1998 and the second in 2000.
Guest stars included John Farnham, Dave Gray, Frank Woodley, Barrie Cassidy, Maxine McKew, and actor Sam Neill.
The final episode was broadcast days before the opening ceremony of the real Games. In this episode, the three stars and Bell were forced to stand in for The Seekers at the closing ceremony rehearsal to sing "The Carnival Is Over". The Seekers did indeed perform this song, but at the closing ceremony of the Paralympics some weeks later.
The Games was named Most Outstanding Comedy Program at the Logie Awards of 2001. John Clarke and Ross Stevenson won Best Screenplay in a Television Drama at the 43rd Australian Film Institute Awards for the episode Solar. Season 1 was released on DVD by Umbrella Entertainment in December 2004, Season 2 was released by ABC DVD in December 2009. All episodes are on PAL format VHS.
In New Zealand, the series was one of the first programs on TVNZ 6 on 30 September 2007, the day of the channel's launch.
In Australia, The Comedy Channel currently airs the series as part of their Aussie Gold block hosted by Frank Woodley. The show has since returned to the ABC.
Clarke and Riley were due to reprise their roles in a spin-off series The Games: London Calling, in which the characters became consultants to the 2012 Summer Olympics. The series did not go into production by the Nine Network.
In 2011, the BBC TV mockumentary Twenty Twelve was criticised by The Games' makers as bearing a strong resemblance to the earlier Australian series, with Clarke saying, "We worked very hard on that project and we had long conversations with these people who've now done a show like that in Britain". The BBC denied claims of plagiarism, saying: "It is a very different show, the only similarities between them are that they are both set around the Olympics".
Clarke's website later called The Games' writers "John [Clarke] and Ross Stevenson, who run a charitable institute supplying formats to British television".
Born in Los Angeles, De Lory was the son of a studio musician. As a child he studied piano and began arranging music while in the Army. Upon his discharge, he worked as a pianist in studio orchestras and in clubs.
In the late 1950s De Lory co-wrote the 1960 #1 hit novelty song "Mr. Custer", recorded by Larry Verne. As an L.A. based session musician in the early 1960s De Lory played keyboards for various Phil Spector "Wall of Sound" productions, recordings of Surf rock, and The Beach Boys' Pet Sounds.
By the mid-1960s Ken Nelson had hired him as producer and arranger for Capitol Records, and he provided a key element in the success of Glen Campbell's million selling hit singles and albums from 1967 to 1972. As a bandleader he had his own hit in 1970 with an instrumental version of the "Song from M*A*S*H". In the 1970s he moved to Nashville, producing country artists and film soundtracks, (including The Devil's Rain). He also played and recorded with his own Latin Jazz groups.
Donovan, The Four Preps, Dobie Gray, The Lettermen, Donna Loren, Al Martino, Anne Murray, Jim Nabors, Wayne Newton, Andy Russell, The Sugar Shoppe, The Turtles, Ricky Van Shelton
This biographical article relating to Norwegian football is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
McNab remained a stalwart of the Reds backline for four more years when he was allowed to leave for West London club Queens Park Rangers in June 1928 at the age of 34. McNab had appeared in a red shirt 222 times, exactly 200 in the league, scoring 6 goals, all of which were in the league. He played regularly for QPR for two years before retiring. He later ran a hotel in Bootle, Merseyside.
This article about a member of the Pennsylvania State Senate is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Each piece is different in that they were individually designed, and then hand made and chased which by nature produces uniqueness, where no two pieces can be the same
The church has its roots in the ghost town of Port Crescent, Michigan. In 1844, Rev. W. Swartz of Ruth, Michigan organized the area Lutherans and ultimately founded the church under the name of The German Evangelical Lutheran St. Peters Church of Port Crescent in 1873. Services were held in private homes. In 1893, the congregation, under Rev. E. Berner, purchased the All Saints Episcopalian Church, which had been built in 1885.
In 1907, the businessmen of Kinde, Michigan offered the congregation $130 and a plot of land to relocate to their town. The congregation accepted and the church building was moved from Port Crescent. Since then the church has been served by many pastors and joined with Zion Lutheran Church in 1950.
As of 2016[update], St. Peter's Lutheran Church is served by Pastor Larry K. Loree Sr. The church has 68 baptized members with 45 congregants on an average Sunday.
Pati, Barwani is a village & Tehsil in Barwani district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh. In 2014, Pati was selected by Ministry of Tribal Affairs among 10 tribal blocks in the country, to introduce tribal welfare scheme known as Van Bandhu Kalyan Yojana launched by Arun Jaitley, cabinet minister with Government of India.
This article related to a location in Madhya Pradesh is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Mossend International Railfreight Park (previously known as Mossend Railhead) is a freight-handling station in Mossend. It is situated across the line from the Mossend EuroTerminal.
Plans to expand the facility were rejected by North Lanarkshire Council in 2014, but the decision was overturned by Scottish ministers the following year. The council subsequently challenged the decision at the Court of Session, where in 2016 the judge ruled in its favour, stating that the Scottish ministers had not given adequate reasoning for overturning the original decision to reject the project.
There are plans to expand the facility. Once complete, the facility will operate 24 hours per day and be capable of handling 16 trains each day.
The 1988 Miami Hurricanes baseball team represented the University of Miami in the 1988 NCAA Division I baseball season. The Hurricanes played their home games at Mark Light Field. The team was coached by Ron Fraser in his 26th season at Miami.
The Hurricanes reached the College World Series, where they finished tied for fifth after recording a win against Fresno State and losses to eventual semifinalist Cal State Fullerton and champion Stanford.
The 1974 Wellington City mayoral election was part of the New Zealand local elections held that same year. In 1974, elections were held for the Mayor of Wellington plus other local government positions including eighteen city councillors. The polling was conducted using the standard first-past-the-post electoral method.
Jagath Balasuriya (born 21 November 1940) is the Minister of National Heritage in the Sri Lankan government. He belongs to the Sri Lanka Freedom Party. He was acting Governor of Central Province in 2005 from September to December.
Lorde admitted that it was a challenge to create a soundtrack for a much-anticipated film, but she "jumped" at the chance. In a press release, the singer spoke of her experience curating the soundtrack. "The cast and story are an inspiration for all musicians participating and, as someone with cinematic leanings, being privy to a different creative process has been a unique experience. I think the soundtrack is definitely going to surprise people."
The following track, "Scream My Name", details how accustomed one can become to dealing with problems on a day-to-day basis. "Kingdom" is a dream pop piano ballad written by Charli XCX and Vampire Weekend's Rostam Batmanglij after the pair got drunk at a Miley Cyrus concert. The following track, "All My Love", was described by critics as an electropop and dance-pop number with elements of dancehall in its production. "Lost Souls" is a "tense lament" that features Raury rapping.
Credits for The Hunger Games: Mockingjay, Part 1 (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) adapted from AllMusic.
Naarda nodariodes is a species of moth in the family Erebidae first described by Prout in 1928. It is known from Borneo.
This biographical article related to a Belgian cyclist born in the 1940s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Prior to 1936, the municipality was called Abruka. During the Second World War, the Battle of Tehumardi took place in Salme.  The location is marked by a 21-metre Soviet monument.
The Kopylov House was built in 1901 and belonged to Rodion Martemyanovich Kopylov, who headed the Union of the Russian People (Novonikolayevsk department).
This article about a Russian building or structure is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Pteronotus is a genus of bats. Eight extant species have been recognized, as well as one relatively recently extinct species.
The British Science Fiction Association Limited is an organisation founded in 1958 by a group of British academics, science fiction fans, authors, publishers and booksellers, in order to promote the writing, criticism, and study of science fiction in every form. The first President of the BSFA was Brian Aldiss. Pat Cadigan became president in August 2020, and Tade Thompson became the Vice President in June 2021.
The BSFA Awards are presented annually by the British Science Fiction Association, based on a vote of BSFA members and members of the British national SF convention (Eastercon). The BSFA also nominates two out of five of each year's judging panel for the Arthur C. Clarke Award.
The BSFA is responsible for the BSFA Awards, which are based on a vote of BSFA members, and members of the British national SF convention, Eastercon. The BSFA is also responsible for nominating two out of the five judges for the judging panel of the Arthur C. Clarke Award.
The BSFA was the fourth attempt to set up a national organisation of science fiction fans in Britain. The first attempt, the Science Fiction Association (SFA), was set up in 1937 by fans who attended the first British science fiction convention in Leeds in May of that year, and was "devoted to the stimulation of interest in science fiction and scientific progress". It was disbanded on the outbreak of World War II barely two years later.
The second attempt was called the British Fantasy Society (no connection with the later organisation of the same name), and was established in June 1942 by many of the people behind the SFA with the objective of giving members better access to science fiction through its extensive library. The British Fantasy Society did not last long and was wound-up in November 1946.
The third attempt was in 1948, when Captain Ken Slater proposed the founding of a new national fan organisation. From this, the Science Fantasy Society was born. Slater was later posted to the army in Germany and the remaining committee members did not share his "flaming enthusiasm" for the organisation; in September 1951 the SFS was declared to be "a glorious flop".
Romanian architecture is diverse, including medieval architecture, modern era architecture, interwar architecture, communist architecture, and contemporary 21st century architecture. In Romania, there are also regional differences with regard to architectural styles.
In the first half of the 19th century, urban life grew considerably and there was a Western-oriented modernization policy. Thus the architecture of Romanian cities became a combination of Romanticism and Neoclassical elements.
The Romanian School designed residences and administrative buildings in several neoclassical styles. One was the classic revival style, such as the Grigore Antipa National Museum of Natural History, and the Cantacuzino Palace (George Enescu Museum).
Industrialization brought some engineering feats such as the King Carol I Bridge (later renamed Anghel Saligny Bridge). Built between 1890 and 1895 in over the Danube, when it was completed it then became the longest bridge in Europe and the third in the world.
In the first decades of the 20th century, Romanian towns and cities still had a contrasting aspect, exhibiting a sharp difference between the downtown sumptuous buildings and the almost rural outskirts, while the villages remained, architecturally speaking, mainly unchanged. Nevertheless, the first signs of town planning appeared in some urban districts (the first two- or three-storied blocks of flats or one-family houses on two levels).
The Symbolist movement in Romania introduced the Art Nouveau style. The Art Deco style was introduced during the Interwar period, with examples including the Bucharest Telephone Palace (Palatul Telefoanelor, 1933) and former "National Stadium" (Stadionul ONEF, 1926).
The communist Romanian People's Republic was established in 1947. Gheorghe Gheorghiu-Dej was premier of the Socialist Republic of Romania from 1947 until 1965. He began the country's policies of industrialization, with infrastructure development for heavy industry, and construction for mass resettlement to new industrial and agricultural centers away from Bucharest and other principal cities.
Prior to the mid-1970s, Bucharest, as most other cities, was developed by expanding the city, especially towards the south, east, and west. High density dormitory neighbourhoods were built at the outskirts of the city. Some, such as Drumul Taberei, Titan, and Giurgiului have architectural and/or urban planning value.
Night & Day: Big Band is the eighteenth studio album by the American band Chicago, and twenty-second overall, released in 1995. It is a departure from Top 40 material for a more thematic project, with a focus on classic big band, jazz, and swing music.
Chicago left Reprise Records and started their own imprint, Chicago Records, to re-distribute their music. This album was carried by Giant Records, a subsidiary of Warner Music, who also distributes Reprise.
With producer Bruce Fairbairn, Chicago recorded Night & Day: Big Band from late 1994 to early 1995 and released it that May.  Although Bruce Gaitsch played guitar on the sessions, the guitar slot would eventually be filled that year by Keith Howland, who remains Chicago's present guitarist. Joe Perry of Aerosmith was brought in to add a solo to "Blues in the Night".
Chicago made its "television variety debut" in February 1973 on a television special honoring Duke Ellington, Duke Ellington... We Love You Madly, which aired on CBS. They performed the Ellington composition, "Jump for Joy". They were the only rock musicians invited to appear on the show. Walter Parazaider cited the group's participation in the television special, and Duke Ellington's comments to them afterwards, as important factors in their decision to record this album.
A porters' lodge or porter's lodge (colloquially, plodge) is a place near the entrance of a building where one or more porters can be found to respond to enquiries from the public and direct them around the building. It is particularly associated with university accommodation in the United Kingdom and Canada (such as the majority of colleges of the Universities of Cambridge, Oxford, Durham, York and Toronto).
This article related to a type of room in a building is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This United Kingdom university, college or other education institution article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Nodulotrophon septus is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.
This article about a location in ancient Cappadocia is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about a populated place in the Byzantine Empire is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
A BBC Music review commented "Her dry and introspective tone complement[s] her impassioned lyrics, and perfectly suit[s] the cool jazz backing that makes up the majority of this voyage of self-discovery."
The Minister of the Interior also takes on the role of the former Minister of Worship and is formally consulted in the process of appointment of Catholic diocesan bishops (Briand-Ceretti Agreement). The Minister of Worship used to be a fully-fledged position; the office was abolished in 1912.
While the Ministry of the Interior supervises police forces, it does not supervise criminal enquiries. Those enquiries are conducted under the supervision of the judiciary.
During the First Empire, the Interior Ministry's tasks were reduced; in 1824, the Ministry of Public Instruction was established to oversee France's education policy. In 1832, the Interior Ministry was primarily occupied with the holding of elections and maintenance of the firefighters force, as the Institut de France and national public libraries were transferred to the Public Instruction Ministry. In 1836, the Ministry of Public Works, Agriculture and Commerce was established.
In 1911, the Directorate of Penitentiary Administration, established in 1858 in the Interior Ministry to oversee prison conditions, was placed under the authority of the Minister of Justice. Nine years later, the Interior Ministry lost its public health policy department to the newly-established Ministry of Hygiene, Assistance and Social Security.
The Douglas AC-47 Spooky (also nicknamed "Puff, the Magic Dragon") was the first in a series of fixed-wing gunships developed by the United States Air Force during the Vietnam War.  It was designed to provide more firepower than light and medium ground-attack aircraft in certain situations when ground forces called for close air support.
The AC-47 initially used SUU-11/A gun pods that were installed on locally fabricated mounts for the gunship application. Emerson Electric eventually developed the MXU-470/A to replace the gun pods, which were also used on later gunships.
One of the most publicized battles of the Vietnam War was the Battle of Khe Sanh in early 1968. More than 24,000 tactical and 2,700 B-52 strikes dropped 110,000 tons of ordnance in attacks that averaged over 300 sorties per day. During the two and a half months of combat, fighters were in the air day and night. At night, AC-47 gunships kept up constant fire against enemy troops and provided illumination for the base.[citation needed]
As the United States began Project Gunship II and Project Gunship III, many of the remaining AC-47Ds were transferred to the Republic of Vietnam Air Force, the Royal Lao Air Force, and Cambodia's Khmer Air Force, after Prince Norodom Sihanouk was deposed in a coup by General Lon Nol.
Airman First Class John L. Levitow, an AC-47 loadmaster with the 3rd SOS, received the Medal of Honor for saving his aircraft, Spooky 71, from destruction on 24 February 1969 during a fire-support mission at Long Binh.  The aircraft was struck by an 82-mm mortar round that inflicted 3,500 shrapnel holes, wounding Levitow 40 times, but he used his body to jettison an armed magnesium flare, which ignited shortly after Levitow ejected it from the aircraft, allowing the AC-47 to return to base.
By the end of 1969 most AC-47Ds were transferred to the Republic of Vietnam Air Force. the RVNAF kept using them until 1975. most of them were destroyed or captured by North Vietnam at the end of the war.
In 1969, Laos received its first AC-47 armed with SUU-11/A minigun pods. These pods ended up being unsatisfactory so later RLAF AC-47s were equipped with .50 cal machine guns or the MXU-470/A minigun modules.
The Khmer Air Force received some AC-47Ds from the USAF between 1973 and 1974 and also converted some with .50 cal machine guns. several of them were given to Thailand after the end of the Cambodian Civil War.
In 1970, the Indonesian Air Force converted a former civilian DC-3. The converted aircraft was armed with three .50 cal machine guns. During 1975, the Indonesian Air Force used its "AC-47" in the Indonesian invasion of East Timor to attack the city of Dili. Later, the aircraft was used in Indonesian military close air support missions in East Timor. Its retirement date is unknown.
Between 1980 and 1981 Uruguay converted C-47 T-508 into a gunship for COIN missions by installing three .50 cal machine guns to the last two rear windows.
The Philippines also converted some C-47s by mounting .50 cal machine guns and used them against Muslim guerrillas on the Battle of Jolo in 1974
In 1967, Thailand converted its first AC-47D installing it the SUU-11/A minigun pods. It kept converting a few more airframes and also received some former Khmer Air Force AC-47Ds from Cambodia in late 1975. Thai AC-47s also were equipped with a combination of two .50 cal machine guns and an M197 20mm Electric cannon.
Aircraft painted to represent AC-47s are on static display at the Air Commando Park at Hurlburt Field and the Air Force Armament Museum at Eglin Air Force Base. These airframes never were AC-47s and were actually regular unarmed C-47s.[self-published source?]
13. On their 1989 album "Agent Orange", Thrash metal band Sodom made a song about the AC-47 called "Magic Dragon". The album's cover art shows the inside of an AC-47, and the inner sleeve shows AC-47's encircling a VC camp.
In 1945, Curry applied for a position in United States government foreign service, and after passing the Foreign Service exam she relocated to Munich, Germany to work as an administrative assistant at the consulate. She held another foreign service position as the director of the Fulbright Program in Turkey.
Curry met United States Army officer John Montgomery while the two were living in Germany. They married in 1948.
She enrolled in correspondence courses at New York University and at George Washington University to strengthen her career opportunities. George Ferris Jr., then vice president of Ferris & Company, was one of her professors and recognized her aptitude for financial investing. She was the first woman to earn a degree in business from George Washington University. Ferris hired her as a broker with his securities firm, Ferris & Co. Inc. in 1955.
In 1957, John Montgomery died in an accident.  As a career woman with four children, she needed reliable childcare so she employed her mother-in-law to stay with her children, "paying her 20 percent of her earnings, plus health benefits, a pension plan and profit-sharing." Five years after she was widowed she had the highest earned income of any woman in Washington, DC.
In 1962 Montgomery at age 39 was the first woman to graduate from the 13-week Advanced Management Program of the Harvard Business School. While at Harvard Business School Montgomery faced the "full force of male chauvinism" for the first time.
She married Thomas M. Walsh, a real estate executive, in 1963. She was the mother to twelve children - four sons with Montgomery (John Montgomery, Stephen Montgomery, Michael Montgomery, and Mark Montgomery), one daughter with Walsh (Margaret Walsh Cornog), and seven stepchildren (Mary Frances Walsh, Patrick Joseph Walsh, Kathleen Walsh Carr, Thomas D. Walsh, Joan Walsh Cassedy, Anne Walsh Walton, Daniel E. Walsh).
Walsh was recruited by her professor, George Ferris, to his securities firm, Ferris & Co. Inc. first as an unpaid intern in 1955. She spent twenty-two years at Ferris, and held positions of general partner (1959), senior vice president (1971) and vice chair (1973). At that time, Walsh was the only woman to be a partner of a New York Stock Exchange firm in Washington.
Attempting to change the 116-year tradition of male only membership, Walsh and Phyllis S. Peterson applied for full membership in American Stock Exchange (AMEX) in 1965. At the time the exchange had some women associate members, but no woman was a full member. Both women were admitted.
In 1972, she was the second woman elected to the AMEX Board of Governors, and the first woman to come from the securities industry. As a Governor, she successfully formulated a plan to attract companies to the AMEX.
In 1977 President Jimmy Carter offered her a seat on the Security Exchange Commission which she turned down because after her term ended she would be "too young to retire" and "too old to develop another career." Walsh served as director of Esmark and Pitney Bowes.
Looking for a challenge and thinking that the time was right for a woman to prosper in financial services, Walsh founded Julia Walsh and Sons in 1977. In November 1979, the firm joined the New York Stock Exchange.
Walsh thought that business people had a responsibility to engage in public service. In 1980, Walsh was appointed by President Jimmy Carter to Board of Directors of the Pennsylvania Avenue Development Corporation.
In 1969, Walsh received an honorary LL.D., Doctor of Laws from Hood College. In 1982, the American Association of University Women (AAUW) Educational Foundation presented Walsh with the AAUW Achievement Award. She was inducted into the Ohio Women's Hall of Fame in 1986.
In 1985 Walsh was the first woman to be president of the Greater Washington Board of Trade. United States President George H. W. Bush appointed her to the commission to help rebuild post-Cold War Czechoslovakia.
Walsh retired in 1993 after several vascular strokes. Walsh and her family raised funds to research stroke prevention.  In 1996, she wrote her memoir, Risks and Rewards: A Memoir, with Anne C. Carson.
In 1998, after his junior year at Dartmouth, Fick attended the United States Marine Corps Officer Candidates School and was commissioned a second lieutenant upon graduating college the following year.
Fick left the U.S. Marine Corps as a captain in December 2003, and Captain Brent Morel took his place as platoon commander. Morel was killed in a firefight in Fallujah in April, 2004. One Bullet Away is dedicated to Morel.
After leaving the Marines, Fick used the GI Bill to attend Harvard Business School and the Harvard Kennedy School.
Fick became the Chief Operating Officer (COO) at the Center for a New American Security in 2008 and later was appointed CEO in June 2009.
Endgame's endpoint security platform is widely deployed across commercial and government customers. In 2018, Endgame was named one of the "100 Best Cloud Companies in the World" by Forbes, and Nate was recognized by Fast Company Magazine as one of the "Most Creative People in Business."
He comments frequently in the media on technology and national security matters, and his writing has appeared in the New York Times, The Washington Post, and the Wall Street Journal. He appears regularly on business television, including CNBC and Bloomberg TV. Fick has testified before the United States Senate on Iraq and spoke at the 2008 Democratic National Convention in Denver on August 28, 2008, the night Barack Obama accepted the presidential nomination.
Fick was elected to Dartmouth College's Board of Trustees in April 2012. He also serves on the Military & Veterans Advisory Council at JPMorgan Chase & Co.
Fick and his platoon were the subjects of a series of articles in Rolling Stone and the book Generation Kill by the embedded journalist Evan Wright. The articles won the National Magazine Award in 2003. Generation Kill was adapted by David Simon and Ed Burns into a miniseries of the same name for HBO, in which Fick was portrayed by Stark Sands.
The 1944 Waterford Senior Hurling Championship was the 44th staging of the Waterford Senior Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Waterford County Board in 1897.
On 21 October 1945, Mount Sion won the championship after a 3-08 to 2-05 defeat of Dungarvan in the final. This was their fifth championship title overall and their first title since 1943.
The Battle of Invernahavon was a Scottish clan battle between the Clan Cameron and the confederation of Clan Chattan that consisted of the Clan Mackintosh, Clan Macpherson, and Clan Davidson. Some sources give the date as 1386, others as 1370.
During the chiefship of Lachlan Mackintosh, 8th chief of Clan Mackintosh, a feud had raged for some years with the Clan Cameron, apparently over the disputed lands of Glenlui and Loch Arkaig. Each side had raided each other's lands, lifting property.
According to Lachlan Shaw the Battle of Invernahavon gave occasion to the Battle of the North Inch in Perth in 1396 that was also fought between the Clan Chattan and Clan Cameron. Alexander Mackintosh-Shaw also stated that it is highly likely that the combat at Perth had some connection with that at Invernahavon.
Although the play was acclaimed, it had an extremely brief run and was not a box-office success. It was, however, filmed by a NY based company THEATRE ON FILM Inc and released as a 90 minute 16mmm film in 1941. This is probably the source of the film excerpts from the stage performance -  labeled "a screen reproduction of the play" on a website.
The Mirage is a play by Edgar Selwyn.  It was the first play presented at the Times Square Theater and debuted on September 30, 1920.  It closed in March 1921 after 192 performances.
In response to those questioning the plausibility of the plot, Selwyn said it was based on "not at all uncommon" situations in New York.
The 1931 movie Possessed, starring Joan Crawford and Clark Gable, in an adaptation of the play.   The 1924 silent movie The Mirage was also an adaptation. 
Protect formerly Public Concern at Work (PCaW) is a whistleblowing charity. Established in 1993, Public Concern at Work advises individuals with whistleblowing dilemmas at work, supports organisations with their whistleblowing arrangements and informs public policy and seeks legislative change.
Odostomia thea is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
He retired to Lido Key in Sarasota, Florida in 1958, where he and his wife Marion were benefactors of New College of Florida, including the endowment of a chair in Asian Studies.
Frisky, naughty and bursting with raw power: [La Joie de Vivre] is one of the most technically adept animations ever made, and represents a milestone in the development of an international style of animation on par with the Art Deco movement.
The nine-minute film is described in the Internet Movie Database as "A tone poem [in which] two woodland sprites dance about, atop power lines and among flowers and leaves, while being pursued. Everyone spends some time pulling levers to switch trains, too."
The New York Public Library has a copy of this film, titled Around the World in Eighteen Minutes, published by McGraw-Hill in 1962.
Alloblennius is a genus of combtooth blennies (family Blenniidae) found in the western and northeastern Indian Ocean.
He was born in Richmond, Virginia and moved to Clarksville, Tennessee when he was 11 years of age. Later, as a young adult, he studied art in New York, England, and France. Newman served briefly as an artillery lieutenant for the Confederate Army during the American Civil War. He died of asphyxiation from a gas leak from a stove on March 31, 1912.
This article about a painter from the United States born in the 1820s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
In the prelude to the siege of Port Hudson, Louisiana, Rear Admiral David Farragut attempted to move a flotilla of ships, including the Richmond, up the Mississippi River past the town of Port Hudson. On March 14, 1863, the flotilla reached the town and came under heavy fire from Confederate artillery batteries. The enemy guns inflicted severe damage on the Union flotilla, forcing most of the ships to turn back.
During the battle, the Richmond's fireroom, which housed its boilers, was damaged by an enemy shell and began to fill with hot steam. Vantine entered the room and "hauled the fires", or put out the furnaces, to prevent further danger. For his actions he was awarded the Medal of Honor four months later, on July 10, 1863.
Rank and organization: First Class Fireman, U.S. Navy. Accredited to: Pennsylvania. G.O. No.: 17, July 10, 1863.
Medal of Honor recipient Joseph E. Vantine died of general debility as a result of a paralytic stroke at age 69 and was buried at Glebe Cemetery in New Castle, Delaware.
"Chain Armor Joe" at Rest, Special to the Inquirer. NEW CASTLE, Del., May 8. - Joseph E. Vantine, formerly of Philadelphia, where he was born March 20, 1835, and was afterwards educated, was laid to rest in the new P. E. Cemetery this afternoon with Masonic ceremony. Many persons from Philadelphia and Wilmington were present at the funeral.
Franz Obrist was an Italian luger who competed from the mid-1980s to the early 1990s. A natural track luger, he won three singles medals at the FIL World Luge Natural Track Championships with one silver in 1994 and two bronzes in 1992 and 1996.
Obrist won two men's singles medals at the FIL European Luge Natural Track Championships with a gold in 1991 and a bronze in 1993.
This biographical article relating to Italian luge is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
In his novel In Search of the Castaways (1867), Jules Verne wrote, "Araucania is populated by the Mapuche, the native Chilean race extolled in verse by the poet Ercilla".
The women's K-4 500 metres event was a fours kayaking event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1992 Summer Olympics program.
16 crews entered in two heats. The top two finishers from each of the heats advanced directly to the finals while the remaining teams were relegated to the semifinals.
The top two finishers in each of the semifinals and the fastest third-place finisher advanced to the final.
Hungary beat Germany (formerly East and West Germany) after finishing second to them in every major competition since 1988.
Bradley R. Listorti (born October 11, 1984 in Milford, Connecticut) is a former American football tight end. He was signed by the Atlanta Falcons as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Massachusetts.
This biographical article relating to an American football tight end born in the 1980s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Dr. Bhagwat Kisanrao Karad is a surgeon and an Indian politician belonging to the Bharatiya Janata Party. He is a member of the Rajya Sabha the upper house of Indian Parliament from Maharashtra. He was the Mayor of Aurangabad twice. He is organisational man of Bharatiya Janata Party,Maharashtra from Aurangabad.
He became Minister of State in the Ministry of Finance in the reshuffle of PM Modi's cabinet in the second term.
This article about a Bharatiya Janata Party politician from Maharashtra is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Digoxin is a widely used medication that is effective for many cardiac conditions in adults and children. Some side effects are expected, some are common but serious, some are uncommon and not serious and others are rare but serious.
Digoxin may be prescribed for a child to treat heart defects. Possible side effects in children are: dysrhythmia, nausea, vomiting, a slower-than-normal heart rate and anorexia. Children may demonstrate side effects if they are breastfed. Digoxin is also absorbed by the infant in utero.
Kidney function gradually decreases as someone ages. The elderly are also likely to be underweight. In addition, these older people tend to be dehydrated and be taking other medications. These factors increase the likelihood of developing side effects of digoxin and digoxin toxicity. Often lowering the dose is considered by the prescriber.
Side effects can become pronounced due to the interactions of digoxin and these substances: licorice, aloe, and St. John's wort.
This article about a United States film actor born in the 1850s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
After the tragic death of his mother, Adam takes refuge even more in music with his band and his girlfriend. His father, Joseph, who works as a detective, is faced with the mission of saving Adam's soul, since angels and demons disguise themselves as humans. This ancient spiritual war between good and evil will put Adam's faith to the test, while an unknown being full of darkness descends to Toronto to further damage this war.
The website dove.org has given Adam's Testament a positive review, calling it a "captivating film that portrays the spiritual conflicts between good and evil, the symbolism of the angels and the demons in this story convincingly illustrates the battle and the actors are so very powerful in their interpretation as effective in their roles".
Rautahat 1 is one of four parliamentary constituencies of Rautahat District in Nepal. This constituency came into existence on the Constituency Delimitation Commission (CDC) report submitted on 31 August 2017.
This biographical article relating to volleyball in Japan is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
In August 1916, when troops from the Romanian Old Kingdom entered Austria-Hungary, the first village they took was Fundata, also capturing their first prisoners there and suffering their first battle death.
Patel v Ali  Ch 283 is an English contract law case, concerning the possibility of claiming specific performance of a promise after breach of contract.
A vendor of a house became disabled after the sale. If she went through with the sale she would have lost the house. The buyer of the house demanded specific performance to convey the property.
Goulding J refused to grant specific performance, and granted only damages. As a discretionary, equitable remedy, specific performance was refused on the ground that considerable hardship would be caused.
The failure was attributed to dynamic load due to the storm and the soldiers, particularly as they seem to have been somewhat in step, combined with corrosion of the anchors for the main cables. The cable anchorages at Angers were found to be highly vulnerable, as they were surrounded by cement, which was believed to rustproof them for the indefinite future. However, the wire strands separated from their cement surrounds. This allowed water to penetrate and corrode the wires.
When the London Thames Millennium Bridge was opened in 2000, the motion of pedestrians caused it to vibrate, and they fell into step with the vibrations, increasing them. This same mechanism may have increased the vibrations of the Angers Bridge.  The problem at the Millennium Bridge was corrected during the next two years.
"Love, Love, Love" is the premiere episode of the fifth season of the American musical television series Glee, and the eighty-ninth episode overall. The episode was written by series co-creator Brad Falchuk and directed by Bradley Buecker, and first aired on September 26, 2013 on Fox in the United States.
An album was released on September 24, 2013 to coincide with the premiere of the episode, which features music from this episode and the episode "Tina in the Sky with Diamonds". The album, Glee Sings the Beatles, has received generally positive reviews from critics.
Kurt Hummel (Chris Colfer) and Blaine Anderson (Darren Criss) rekindle their relationship with a performance of "Got to Get You into My Life", and Blaine decides to move forward with his plan to propose to Kurt. He and Sam Evans (Chord Overstreet) rally New Directions, Vocal Adrenaline, the Dalton Academy Warblers and the Haverbrook Deaf Choir to participate in Blaine's proposal through a performance of "Help!".
Blaine becomes concerned by Tina's bitterness and recruits Sam, Jake Puckerman (Jacob Artist) and Ryder Lynn (Blake Jenner) to cheer her up through a performance of "I Saw Her Standing There". Tina is then given the opportunity to choose Blaine, Sam or Ryder as her date for prom, and selects Sam.
According to co-creator Murphy, the first two episodes of the fifth season had been written in May 2013, and would be tribute episodes to the Beatles. The Beatles tribute had been in the works for four years. This first episode was written by co-creator Brad Falchuk, and directed by executive producer Bradley Buecker.
This is the first episode that the actors playing the roles of Jake Puckerman (Jacob Artist), Marley Rose (Melissa Benoist), Kitty Wilde (Becca Tobin), Wade "Unique" Adams (Alex Newell) and Ryder Lynn (Blake Jenner) have been given main cast credits. All five were first reported as being promoted to the main cast at the end of June 2013.
Two new special guest stars appeared in the episode in New York sequences. Peter Facinelli played the Funny Girl director, Rupert Campion, and Ioan Gruffudd the lead male actor in the show, Paolo San Pablo.
Erinn Westbrook debuts as a new recurring McKinley cheerleader, Bree, who is said to be a "mean girl". Other recurring characters in this episode included former glee club member Mercedes Jones (Amber Riley), Kurt's father Burt Hummel (Mike O'Malley), cheerleading coach Roz Washington (NeNe Leakes), Principal Figgins (Iqbal Theba), Haverbrook School for the Deaf choir director Dalton Rumba (Michael Hitchcock), and Dalton Academy Warbler Sebastian Smythe (Grant Gustin).
"Love, Love, Love" was given mixed to positive reviews by critics. Miranda Wicker of TV Fanatic gave the episode a 3.5 out of 5, saying the episode "was a technicolor return for the series, full of fun music for the audience to keep the audience singing along. But Finn Hudson's absence is evident." She commented negatively on the season's time-jump, saying "[it] robbed the audience of some good moments," but commented positively on Blaine's proposal speech, calling it "beautiful."
 Lauren Hoffman of Vulture gave the episode a 4 out of 5, saying " it was a strong hour of Glee: fun, vibrant, and (against all odds) aware of continuity and character development. And if some of the vocal arrangements felt too derivative, well, then, at least they were derivative of the Beatles, and everyone likes the Beatles." Also, in regards to Finn's absence, she said
The Associated Press noted how the premiere offered "a subtle, sad reminder of the late Glee star Cory Monteith" in the scene where Rachel "gaze[s] at a photo on her cellphone: It's a group shot of her old high school glee club pals, among them Monteith's Finn Hudson."
 Beth Douglass of Wetpaint gave the episode a more mixed review, specifically about the episode's theme, saying
Glee is now a completely different show from whatever creator Ryan Murphy intended, for better or for worse. It had to come back sometime, and instead of pulling off the bandage of grief upfront, Glee gave themselves a soft landing with a two-part season opener focused on the music of The Fab Four. While Glee has dabbled in the Beatles before, the hyper-focus special episode format keeps us feeling familiar, safe and generally upbeat as we transition into the brand new Glee world.
An album was released on September 24, 2013 to coincide with the premiere of the episode, which features music from this episode and the episode "Tina in the Sky with Diamonds."
Nadruz represented Uruguay at U15 and U17 level. He won twenty-three caps for the U15s from 2010, prior to featuring six times and scoring once for the U17s in 2011.
According to the Garuda Purana, this river falls on the path leading to the Southern Gate of the city of Yama. It is also mentioned that only the sinful souls come via the southern gate.
However, other texts like the Harihareshwara Mahatmya in the Skanda Purana mention a physical river as well, that joins in the eastern ocean; he who bathes in it is supposed to forever be free from the torment of Yama. 
It first appears in the TirthaYatra Parva (Pilgrimage Episode) of the Mahabharata, where it is mentioned to be rising from the Vindhyas and falling into the Bay of Bengal after passing through Odisha as present Baitarani River. 
Apart from that it appears in Matsya Purana, and Vamana Purana, lastly it is the Padma Purana which reveals the etymology of Vaitarani in Vaitarani Mahatmya, where it is defined as Vai (truly) tarini (saving) and that related the legend wherein it was brought on to the earth from Patala, due to the penance of Parashurama resulting in a boon from Shiva.
The river was created for the sinful. It is nigh-impossible to cross, and the far bank cannot be seen.
There are a few ways to cross this river. It is important to note that as mentioned in the description of the river, only those souls who have sinned have to cross this river. The souls with good deeds or good karma do not travel on the path through which the Vaitarna River flows.
After successfully crossing this river, the sinners reach the terrifying Southern Gate of the City of Yama. In this city the sinners along with the souls with good deeds are judged by the Lord of Justice (Yama or Yamaraja). The sinners are taken to hell and the better souls are taken to heaven.
If a soul cannot cross the Vaitarna River then he cannot be taken to hell. He is stuck at its shore. Thus this prevents him from getting reborn on earth as human or animal. These souls are considered as the ghosts who have not passed on and are stuck.
The first USS Walke (DD-34) was a  Paulding-class destroyer in the United States Navy during World War I. She was named for Rear Admiral Henry A. Walke.
Walke was laid down on 5 March 1910 at Quincy, Massachusetts, by the Fore River Shipbuilding Company; launched on 3 November 1910; sponsored by Miss Mildred Walke Walter, granddaughter of Rear Admiral Walke; and commissioned on 22 July 1911 at the Boston Navy Yard.
On 18 July, Walke arrived in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania to begin preparations for inactivation. The ship was decommissioned on 12 December.
Walke remained at the Philadelphia Navy Yard until the mid-1930s. She received the alphanumeric hull designation DD-34 on 17 July 1920 but lost her name 13 years later on 1 July 1933 when it was reassigned to DD-416. Known simply as DD-34, she was struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 20 March 1935 and was scrapped at the Philadelphia Navy Yard on 23 April 1935 under the terms of the London Naval Treaty.
The word stud is often restricted to larger domesticated (especially farm) animals, such as cattle and horses.  A specialized vocabulary exists for the studs of other animals, such as kennel (dog), cattery (cat) and aviary (birds).
A stud manager or "stud master" is an individual responsible for an employer's breeding stock.  The term is usually used for individuals working with dogs or horses.  It is usually applied regardless of gender.
The stud manager typically suggests desired matings to the owner, and arranges for the same, whether in-house or by contract with animals standing at stud, approves and arranges matings to the owner's animals at stud requested by outsiders, and keeps all records, including notifying the appropriate animal registries.
In a European large or formal household the "Stud Master" or manager may be a permanent title and position; in this case this individual is often responsible for overseeing the maintenance of the stables and kennels as well.  Most large stud farms have a full-time individual assigned to stallion management, but many stud managers have either a part-time or contractual arrangement or their duties as stud manager may be incorporated with those of the overall farm or stable manager.
In old English law, a commission of rebellion, or writ of rebellion, was a process of contempt on the nonappearance of a defendant. It was issued out when a man, after proclamation issued out of the chancery, or the exchequer, and made by the sheriff, to present himself, under pain of his allegiance, to the court by a certain day, does not appear.
Allen "Jubilee" Dunbar (born May 17, 1947) is a former American football wide receiver who played two seasons in the National Football League with the New Orleans Saints and Cleveland Browns. He was drafted by the San Francisco 49ers in the third round of the 1972 NFL Draft. He played college football at Southern University and attended Washington High School in Lake Charles, Louisiana. Dunbar was also a member of the Philadelphia Bell of the World Football League.
During his Georgia tenure, six of VanGorder's players were selected in the first two rounds of the NFL Draft, including defensive tackle Johnathan Sullivan, safety Thomas Davis and defensive end David Pollack in the first round, and safety Sean Jones and linebackers Boss Bailey, as well as Odell Thurman in the second round. During his four years at Georgia the Bulldogs defense only gave up 30 points one time, against LSU in the 2003 SEC Championship Game.
On January 9, 2012, VanGorder was hired by Auburn University coach Gene Chizik as defensive coordinator. He replaced Ted Roof who departed for the defensive coordinator position at the University of Central Florida.
On December 28, 2013, just hours after winning the 2013 Pinstripe Bowl, the University of Notre Dame announced VanGorder will take over as defensive coordinator, replacing Bob Diaco, who took over as head football coach at the University of Connecticut.
VanGorder announced his retirement from coaching college football in 2021 and became the defensive coordinator at Gulf Shores High School in Alabama under Mark Hudspeth.
Underground Producciones is a media producer in Argentina that produces television and film. The company was created in 2006 by Sebastian Ortega and Pablo Culell. 
In 2006, the company's first project was the dramatic telenovela Weather Does Not Stop, aired on Argentina channel 9. The show won several awards. That same year, Underground Producciones put our the Househusband sitcom and the sitcom Gladiators of Pompeii on the same channel. 
In 2008, in partnership with Telefe Contenidos and Endemol, creates and produces Los Exitosos Pells, sold to over 40 countries, including adaptations. 
Later, in 2012 produced for Telefe, a successful sitcom called Graduados, a project created in 2004 and resumed that year.
On August 14, 2019, NBCUniversal (through their Telemundo division) acquired the company, becoming an extension of Telemundo global studios.
Murphy was born on 2 May 1923 in Rathdown, Ireland. He was regarded as an expert on the life and works of Mikhail Sholokhov and edited Robert Daglish's English translation of Sholokhov's best-known work And Quiet Flows the Don. In 1977, he travelled to meet Sholokhov at the latter's hometown of Veshenskaya. He also published a book on Mikhail Zoshchenko. Murphy died in Oxfordshire, England on 15 May 2017, at the age of 94.
Americus Mayo (died 1891) was a state legislator in Arkansas. Scholars have had difficulty confirming details about his life. He voted against the impeachment of Arkansas Supreme Court Justice John McClure. He served in the Arkansas House of Representatives. He was a Republican.
Recent work suggests that lamellar bodies form a continuous membranous structure with the trans-Golgi network.
Lamellar body secretion and lipid structure is abnormal in the epidermis of patients with Netherton syndrome, a skin disorder characterised by chronic inflammation and universal pruritus (itch).
Deficient lipid membrane causes cold damage in patients of asteatotic eczema (also known as winter eczema).
This article about a location in the municipality of Srebrenica, Republika Srpska is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Davida (minor planet designation: 511 Davida) is a large C-type asteroid. It is the one of the largest asteroids; approximately tied for 7th place, to within measurement uncertainties, and the 5th or 6th most massive. It was discovered by R. S. Dugan in 1903. Davida is named after David Peck Todd, an astronomy professor at Amherst College.
There have been 9 occultation events observed since 1987, many of which produced two or three chords. Two examples shown here.
The Social Security Act of 1935 is a law enacted by the 74th United States Congress and signed into law by US President Franklin D. Roosevelt. The law created the Social Security program as well as insurance against unemployment. The law was part of Roosevelt's New Deal domestic program.
Industrialization and the urbanization in the 20th century created many new social problems and transformed ideas of how society and the government should function together because of them. As industry expanded, cities grew quickly to keep up with demand for labor. Tenement houses were built quickly and poorly, cramming new migrants from farms and Southern and Eastern European immigrants into tight and unhealthy spaces. Work spaces were even more unsafe.
65 percent of the African American workforce was excluded from the initial Social Security program (as well as 27 percent of white workers). Many of these workers were covered only later on, when Social Security was expanded in 1950 and then in 1954.
The Social Security Act has been amended significantly over time. The initial act had ten major titles, with Title XI outlining definitions and regulations. More titles were added as the Social Security Act was amended. 
Title II establishes the Federal Reserve account used to pay for Social Security benefits and gives the Secretary of the Treasury the authority to invest excess reserves from the account.
Title VI concerns public health services (investigation of disease and problems of sanitation). It grants the Surgeon General the power to distribute money to the States for that purpose with the approval of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Title VII establishes the Social Security Board and outlines that it is to be composed of three appointees chosen by the President and approved by the Senate and serving for six years.
Title VIII establishes a payroll tax used to fund Social Security. In the amendments of 1939, the tax was removed from the Social Security Act, placed in the Internal Revenue Code, and renamed the Federal Insurance Contributions Act. When Medicare was established in 1966, the FICA tax was increased to fund that program as well.
Title IX establishes an excise tax to be paid on the first day of every year by employers proportional to the total wages of their employees. It also establishes the first federal unemployment insurance program in the United States.
Retirement-aged wives, children under 16 (under 18 if attending school), widowed mothers caring for eligible children, and aged widows were all made eligible for dependents and survivors benefits.
Under select circumstances, parents of deceased insured workers were also made eligible for Survivors Insurance. To be eligible parents must be at least age 65, not entitled to Old-Age Insurance, wholly dependent upon the insured worker for income, and mustn't have married since the death of the insured worker. Furthermore, the parent(s) are not eligible if the deceased insured worker leaves a widow or unmarried surviving child under the age of 18.
The 1939 Amendments also increased benefit amounts and accelerated the start of monthly benefit payments from 1940 to 1942. 
These amendments raised benefits for the first time and placed the program on the road to the virtually universal coverage it has today. Specifically it is the introduction of the cost-of-living adjustment (COLA).
In 1940, Social Security benefits paid totaled $35 million and rose to $961 million in 1950, $11.2 billion in 1960, $31.9 billion in 1970, $120.5 billion in 1980, and $247.8 billion in 1990 (all figures in nominal dollars, not adjusted for inflation). In 2004, $492 billion of benefits were paid to 47.5 million beneficiaries. In 2009, nearly 51 million Americans received $650 billion in Social Security benefits.
Reflecting the continuing importance of the Social Security Act, biographer Kenneth S. Davis described the Social Security Act "the most important single piece of social legislation in all American history."
Philippe Koch (born 8 February 1991) is a Swiss football defender who most recently played for Swiss club FC St. Gallen.
This biographical article related to a football defender from Switzerland is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Before 1907 numbering was somewhat erratic.  New locomotives might take the numbers of old engines, which were placed on the duplicate list and had an A suffix added to their numbers.  In 1907 the whole stock were renumbered in a systematic way, each class in a consecutive sequence, classes being ordered by type (passenger/tank/goods), power and age. After the grouping this system was adapted for the whole LMS
The Midland classified their stock into three classes numbered 1 to 3 with 1 the least powerful and three the most.  Stock were also split into passenger and freight engines.  When the two largest 4-4-0 classes, the 3-cylinder compounds and the "999s", were introduced these were put into Class 4.  This system formed the basis for the subsequent LMS and BR classification systems.
Midland formed in 1844 from the Midland Counties Railway, the North Midland Railway and the Birmingham and Derby Junction Railway, and took over a number of others including the Leicester and Swannington Railway and the Birmingham and Gloucester Railway.  See
Initially, the Midland concentrated on maintaining and improving the somewhat varied fleet that it had inherited, with the assistance of The Railway Foundry in Leeds. In addition, it bought in twenty-four of their Jenny Lind locomotives and, in 1848, two unique Crampton locomotives.
In 1912 the Midland bought the London, Tilbury and Southend Railway, but this continued to be operated more or less separately.  The Midland, and the LMS subsequently built some LT&SR designs.
Prior to 1883 painted green.  After 1883 the Midland adopted its distinctive crimson lake livery for passenger engines.
The London, Midland and Scottish Railway (LMS) continued the Midland's small engine policy until William Stanier arrived in 1933.  The last new Midland design was Stanier 0-4-4T of 1932/3 but some Fowler 4Fs were constructed as late as 1941.
Further, there are several more engines to later non-Midland designs built at Derby which have survived.
Hard Eight is the eighth novel by Janet Evanovich featuring the bounty hunter  Stephanie Plum. It was written in 2002.
Hard Eight revolves around a child custody bond, rather than a criminal bail bond, and marks the (sometimes repeated) departure of the series from Stephanie chasing bad guys to Stephanie being stalked by bad guys.  The ninth, tenth, eleventh and twelfth volumes likewise revolve around Stephanie having a stalker.
After interviewing Evelyn's bondsman, Les Sebring, and Steven Soter, Stephanie is baffled; Steven was domineering and abusive, and Evelyn had no friends or other family members she might go to in an emergency, and no one has any idea where she might have gone.  Steven seems to be less concerned about Annie's well-being than he is eager to get his hands on the bond money.
While snooping through Evelyn's apartment, Stephanie encounters her landlord, a local crime boss named Eddie Abruzzi.  He warns Stephanie that if she knows where Evelyn is, she should tell him, or else he will "declare war" and she will be "the enemy." Stephanie's mentor, Ranger Manoso, explains to her that Abruzzi is an avid wargamer, and tends to frame everything in quasi-military terms.
At the Plum home, a new crisis arises when Stephanie's "perfect" sister, Valerie, gets fired from her job at the bank.  Stephanie's mother turns to her in desperation, and Stephanie improvises, setting Valerie up with Albert Kloughn, Evelyn's hapless divorce lawyer.  Kloughn's practice has been slow in taking off, so he soon becomes attached to Stephanie, following her and Lula around in trying to apprehend fugitives and investigate Evelyn's whereabouts.
As she is trying to track down Evelyn, Stephanie is unnerved to realize that she is being stalked.  First, someone leaves a bag of wild snakes attached to her apartment door, then a large tarantula on the seat of her car.  Worse, men dressed in animal costumes are following her around.  An attack by one of the men destroys Stephanie's car, then a second.  When the men try to kidnap her, her mother sees them and impulsively runs over one with her car.
Finally, Stephanie comes home one night and finds Steven Soter on her living room couch, shot through the head.  The police investigate, and when she asks Joe Morelli how the body got into her apartment without any of her neighbors noticing, she is horrified by his answer: Soter's body was sawed in half at the waist, and the pieces were carried in with two large bags, then taped back together.
Stephanie realizes that Abruzzi is "conducting psychological warfare" against her, believing that she knows where Evelyn is.  Ranger asks around and finds out that Abruzzi is searching obsessively for his most prized possession: a medal that once belonged to Napoleon.  Abruzzi, besides being a wargamer, is an avid collector of military memorabilia, and believes the medal is a lucky talisman.  Ranger admits he doesn't know why Abruzzi would think Evelyn has the medal, but obviously he does.
Then Ranger informs her that he is collecting on her "debt" to him, and, since Stephanie is on a "break" from her relationship with Morelli, she consents to have sex with Ranger.
Now that Evelyn is finally free of Steven, she has arranged to sell the medal to a collector in Miami for enough money to start a new life.  She knew Abruzzi was threatening Mabel, but she couldn't come out of hiding or go to the police, knowing that "the law moves too slowly for a guy like Abruzzi."  Stephanie, seeing how scared and desperate Evelyn is, lets her and Annie go.
Running home, Stephanie calls both Morelli and Ranger.  After listening to her story, Ranger excuses himself, and a short time later, Abruzzi is found dead in his car, with a note saying that he has killed himself over some recent business failures.  Stephanie is unnerved to know that Ranger has killed Abruzzi to keep her and Evelyn safe, but she and Morelli silently agree not to pursue it any further.
Kim Barnes (born 1958 Lewiston, Idaho) is a contemporary American author of fiction, memoir, and personal essays. She served as Poets Laureate of Idaho.
Barnes received her B.A. in English from Lewis-Clark State College in 1983, her M.A. in English from Washington State University in 1985, and her M.F.A. in Creative Writing from the University of Montana in 1995.  Barnes teaches creative writing at the University of Idaho, and lives with her husband, Robert Wrigley, a poet, in Idaho.  They have three children.
Barnes's creative works addresses subjects including the American West, religious fundamentalism, women's issues, logging, and the environment, and reflects her interest in feminist interpretations of mythology and Jungian archetypes. In A Country Called Home, one of her main characters has the condition known as synesthesia and sees color when she hears music.
Her work has appeared widely in anthologies and journals, including The Georgia Review, Shenandoah, MORE Magazine, and the Pushcart Prize anthology.
Barnes will appear on the new Lit Hub/Podglomerate Storybound (podcast), accompanied by an original score from Americana duo Pretty Gritty.
She is the recipient of two grants from the Idaho Commission on the Arts. In 1995, she was chosen to receive the PEN/Jerard fellowship given to an emerging woman writer of nonfiction. In 1997, she was honored with a Pacific Northwest Booksellers Association Award for In the Wilderness, which was also a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize, and the Quality Paperback Book Club's New Visions Award. From 2004 to 2007, she served as Idaho Writer-in-Residence.
George Barton Rock (born 24 May 1936) is a former Barbadian cricketer who played eight matches of first-class cricket for Barbados between 1961 and 1969.
Rock studied radio announcing in New York City in 1965. He represented the US in the annual match against Canada in 1964. He obtained a coaching certificate in England and returned to New York in 1969 to coach cricket.
Bluebird is a 2004 Dutch television film directed by Mijke de Jong. It is the first in a trilogy of films made by de Jong about young women becoming adults.
Merel (Elske Rotteveel) is a 13 year old girl living in Rotterdam and looking after her younger disabled brother. She is successful at school, but hounded by a group of a classmates. As the bullying intensifies, Merel finds it hard to talk about it and her behaviour changes.
The Atlanta Exposition Centers (AEC) are a pair of convention centers located in Atlanta. The centers are located at 3650 and 3850 Jonesboro Road, at the intersection of Jonesboro Road and Interstate 285.
A set function generally aims to measure subsets in some way. Measures are typical examples of "measuring" set functions. Therefore, the term "set function" is often used for avoiding confusion between the mathematical meaning of "measure" and its common language meaning.
Gert Prix (* 25. September 1957 in Klagenfurt) is an Austrian musician, mathematics teacher, informatics teacher and engineer as well as the founder and the head of operations at the Eboardmuseum.
Gert Prix was born in Klagenfurt, where he spent his childhood. His father Helmut was a businessman and inventor, his mother Felicitas was employee. In 1984 Prix married his wife Gerti, who gave birth to two children, Thomas and Denise.
Since 1973 Gert Prix has been interested in technics and history of electronic musical instruments. In 1987 the Eboardmuseum, which is now considered to be the largest museum for electronic keyboard instruments worldwide, arose out of his rapidly growing collection of vintage instruments.
In 1939, Servel (then Electrolux-Servel) exhibited its residential gas air conditioner at the New York World's Fair. The exhibit, called "Magic Caves of Ice", was staged in the "Court of Flame", a building dedicated to promoting the gas industry.
As the United States entered World War II, Servel shifted its manufacturing to support the war effort. In addition to cooking units and munitions, Servel built wings for the Republic P-47 Thunderbolt. By the end of the war, they'd produced over 6,000 pairs of wings for the US Air Force fighters.
Starting in 1949, National Electric started receiving classified research and development contracts for the government, resulting in the production of rockets and guided missiles, JATO, and sustainer motor bodies for U.S. missiles and rockets, particularly the Nike family of guided missiles.
In 1991, the company's remaining brands and manufacturing facilities were sold to Robur Group, an Italian manufacturer.
After several years working as a presenter and interviewer for BBC Radio 4, Vernon's first travelogue series was Fat Man On A Bicycle. As the title implied, Vernon was obese and the first episode followed the health tests he had to undergo before setting off on his journey, which took him from Muswell Hill to the Mediterranean coast of southern France. He would repeat this journey fifteen years later for the TV series, Fat Man in France.
Fat Man at Work and his first television series, Fat Man in the Kitchen, deviated from the travelogue style of the other series. The former featured Vernon talking to people working in factories, while the latter was a cookery programme filmed in his own kitchen in Muswell Hill in which each edition was devoted to cuisine of a different country.
The larvae feed on Ballota hirsuta. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a large, full depth blotch that starts at the leaf margin. The frass is deposited in irregular grains and is concentrated in the beginning of the mine. Pupation takes place inside the mine. Larvae can be found from April to May.
The Unloved Woman (Spanish: La malquerida) is a 1913 play by the Spanish writer Jacinto Benavente. It has been adapted a number of times for films and television including the 1921 American silent film The Passion Flower, the 1940 Spanish film The Unloved Woman and the 1949 Mexican film The Unloved Woman.
Sing No Evil is the fourth studio album by the rock group Half Japanese, released in 1984 by Iridescence.
Craig Marks, in the Spin Alternative Record Guide, wrote that the album "finds Half Jap brushing up against normalcy--traditional song structures, metaphorical lyrics--with uneven, if sometimes booming, results."
Anaqua was formed in 2004 and bought by Beacon Equity Partners in 2005. In 2006, Anaqua received $4 million from Northstar Global Partners, which they used to relocate headquarters from London to Boston and hire more staff.  In 2010, Anaqua merged with SGA2, an ISO 9000-certified supplier of global patent annuity and trademark renewal services.  In 2013, Beacon Equity Partners sold Anaqua to Insight Venture Partners.
Major-General Thomas Handasyd, also spelt Handasyde, was an English soldier from Northumberland who served in the armies of William III and Queen Anne from 1674 to 1710. He was military commander and Governor of Jamaica from 1702 to 1711.
After returning to England in 1711, he purchased Gaynes Hall near Great Staughton in Cambridgeshire, where he lived quietly in retirement until his death on 26 March 1729. 
Thomas Handasyd was born about 1645 in Elsdon, Northumberland, to Colonel Roger Handasyd and his wife Margaret. He was the third of four children, three of whom lived to a great age; Gerrard (ca 1640-1735), Ann (ca 1644-?) and Roger (1653-1734).
In 1686, he married Anna Morel (died 1704) and they had five surviving children; Roger Handasyd (1689-1763), Thomas (1692-1729), William (1693-1745), who all served in the military, as well as Clifford (1695-1772) and Anne (1697-1777).
The 1638-1651 Wars of the Three Kingdoms created strong resistance in Scotland and England to a permanent military; this meant those who wanted to pursue a military career often did so in foreign armies. When the Third Anglo-Dutch War began in 1672, the Duke of Buckingham was authorised to recruit a regiment for service against the Dutch. Handasyd's cousin James was also a lieutenant in this unit.
Before seeing active service, the war ended in January 1674 and many of these recruits transferred to one of the English regiments of the Scots Brigade, a mercenary unit employed by the Dutch. Handasyd joined what later became the 5th Foot and fought in the Franco-Dutch War, including the Siege of Maastricht and battles of Cassel and Saint-Denis.
After the war ended with the 1797 Treaty of Ryswick, Parliament was determined to reduce costs; Gibson's Regiment was disbanded and by 1699, the English military was less than 7,000 men. When the War of the Spanish Succession began in 1701, Handasyd was promoted Lieutenant-Colonel in the 22nd Foot. Sent to Jamaica, a notoriously unhealthy location, in April 1702 he replaced Colonel William Selwyn who died soon after arrival.
His wife Anna died in September 1704 and was buried in St. Jago de la Vega or Spanish Town Cathedral. Like his predecessor, Sir William Beeston, Thomas had a difficult relationship with the planter-dominated Jamaican Assembly. This came to a head in 1710, when he tried to dissolve the Assembly and in the ensuing commotion, its President Peter Beckford died after allegedly falling down the stairs.
Handasyd now requested he be relieved and was replaced as Governor by Lord Archibald Hamilton, while his son Roger became Colonel of the regiment. Promoted Major-General, he returned to England in early 1711 and purchased Gaynes Hall near Great Staughton, Cambridgeshire. He died there on 26 March 1729 and was buried in the parish church of St Andrews, where his memorial can still be seen.
In 1901 the current facade was built, and September 30, 1906, Bishop Angelo Roncalli consecrated the altar. In the second half of the 1990s, the Holy Land began an extensive renovation of the church, completed in 1999.
In most object-oriented languages, such as Java or C#, references may be null. These references need to be checked to ensure they are not null before invoking any methods, because methods typically cannot be invoked on null references.
The Objective-C language takes another approach to this problem and does nothing when sending a message to nil; if a return value is expected, nil (for objects), 0 (for numeric values), NO (for BOOL values), or a struct (for struct types) with all its members initialised to null/0/NO/zero-initialised struct is returned.
Instead of using a null reference to convey absence of an object (for instance, a non-existent customer), one uses an object which implements the expected  interface, but whose method body is empty. The advantage of this approach over a working default implementation is that a null object is very predictable and has no side effects: it does nothing.
For example, a function may retrieve a list of files in a folder and perform some action on each. In the case of an empty folder, one response may be to throw an exception or return a null reference rather than a list. Thus, the code which expects a list must verify that it in fact has one before continuing, which can complicate the design.
By returning a null object (i.e., an empty list) instead, there is no need to verify that the return value is in fact a list. The calling function may simply iterate the list as normal, effectively doing nothing. It is, however, still possible to check whether the return value is a null object (an empty list) and react differently if desired.
The null object pattern can also be used to act as a stub for testing, if a certain feature such as a database is not available for testing.
Since the child nodes may not exist, one must modify the procedure by adding non-existence or null checks:
This, however, makes the procedure more complicated by mixing boundary checks with normal logic, and it becomes harder to read. Using the null object pattern, one can create a special version of the procedure but only for null nodes:
It is not a pattern from Design Patterns, but is mentioned in Martin Fowler's Refactoring and Joshua Kerievsky's Refactoring To Patterns as the Insert Null Object refactoring.
Chapter 17 of Robert Cecil Martin's Agile Software Development: Principles, Patterns and Practices is dedicated to the pattern.
From C# 6.0 it is possible to use the "?." operator (aka null-conditional operator), which will simply evaluate to null if its left operand is null.
A language with statically typed references to objects illustrates how the null object becomes a more complicated pattern:
Here, the idea is that there are situations where a pointer or reference to an Animal object is required, but there is no appropriate object available. A null reference is impossible in standard-conforming C++. A null Animal* pointer is possible, and could be useful as a place-holder, but may not be used for direct dispatch: a->MakeSound() is undefined behavior if a is a null pointer.
The null object pattern solves this problem by providing a special NullAnimal class which can be instantiated bound to an Animal pointer or reference.
The special null class must be created for each class hierarchy that is to have a null object, since a NullAnimal is of no use when what is needed is a null object with regard to some Widget base class that is not related to the Animal hierarchy.
Note that NOT having a null class at all is an important feature, in contrast to languages where "anything is a reference" (e.g., Java and C#). In C++, the design of a function or method may explicitly state whether null is allowed or not.
C# is a language in which the null object pattern can be properly implemented. This example shows animal objects that display sounds and a NullAnimal instance used in place of the C# null keyword. The null object provides consistent behaviour and prevents a runtime null reference exception that would occur if the C# null keyword were used instead.
Following the Smalltalk principle, everything is an object, the absence of an object is itself modeled by an object, called nil. In the GNU Smalltalk for example, the class of  nil is UndefinedObject, a direct descendant of Object.
In Lisp, functions can gracefully accept the special object nil, which reduces the amount of special case testing in application code. For instance, although nil is an atom and does not have any fields, the functions car and cdr accept nil and just return it, which is very useful and results in shorter code.
Since nil is the empty list in Lisp, the situation described in the introduction above doesn't exist. Code which returns nil is returning what is in fact the empty list (and not anything resembling a  null reference to a list type), so the caller does not need to test the value to see whether or not it has a list.
The null object pattern is also supported in multiple value processing. If the program attempts to extract a value from an expression which returns no values, the behavior is that the null object nil is substituted. Thus (list (values)) returns (nil) (a one-element list containing nil). The (values) expression returns no values at all, but since the function call to list needs to reduce its argument expression to a value, the null object is automatically substituted.
In Common Lisp, the object nil is the one and only instance of the special class null. What this means is that a method can be specialized to the null class, thereby implementing the null design pattern. Which is to say, it is essentially built into the object system:
The class null is a subclass of the symbol class, because nil is a symbol. Since nil also represents the empty list, null is a subclass of the list class, too. Methods parameters specialized to symbol or list will thus take a nil argument. Of course, a null specialization can still be defined which is a more specific match for nil.
Unlike Common Lisp, and many dialects of Lisp, the Scheme dialect does not have a nil value which works this way; the functions car and cdr may not be applied to an empty list; Scheme application code therefore has to use the empty? or pair? predicate functions to sidestep this situation, even in situations where very similar Lisp would not need to distinguish the empty and non-empty cases thanks to the behavior of nil.
In duck-typed languages like Ruby, language inheritance is not necessary to provide expected behavior. 
Attempts to directly monkey-patch NilClass instead of providing explicit implementations give more unexpected side effects than benefits.
In duck-typed languages like JavaScript, language inheritance is not necessary to provide expected behavior.
The null object pattern solves this problem by providing a special NullAnimal class which can be instantiated as an object of type Animal. As with C++ and related languages, that special null class must be created for each class hierarchy that needs a null object, since a NullAnimal is of no use when what is needed is a null object that does not implement the Animal interface.
The following null object pattern implementation demonstrates the concrete class providing its corresponding null object in a static field Empty. This approach is frequently used in the .NET Framework (String.Empty, EventArgs.Empty, Guid.Empty, etc.).
This pattern should be used carefully as it can make errors/bugs appear as normal program execution.
This biographical article related to Luxembourgian artistic gymnastics is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
James "Jim" Moloney (born 20 September 1954) is an Australian children's author. A prolific writer whose books span an age range from seven- to seventeen-year-olds, he is best known for his young adult novels. He has been nominated and won awards for his books in the Children's Book Council of Australia Awards. His books have been translated into French, Korean, Lithuanian and Flemish/Dutch.
I like to get inside the head of today's adolescents to connect with the passion they have for like and understand what they care about. The challenge then is to express it in a story.
His themes in his novels for older readers include family, love, belonging, body image, rites of passage, sexism, mateship/friendship, winning at all costs, relationships, identity, disability and racial issues.
Bettiah Raj was the second-largest zamindari in the region of India now known as Bihar. It generated annual land revenue rentals of more than 2 million rupees.
The Bettiah Raj forests were managed for timber production. Bihar state government took over management of the Bettiah Raj forests in 1953 and 1954 under the Bihar Private Protected Forests Act (1947). Valmiki National Park and Wildlife Sanctuary include portion of the former Bettiah Raj estate.
The Bettiah Gharana is one of the three (others being Darbhanga Gharana, and Dumraon Gharana) oldest style of Dhrupad vocal song from the state of Bihar.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region, see History of Pomerania. The village has a population of 1,162.
Milson Island is located in New South Wales, Australia. It was first settled over 100 years ago and has been used as a bacteriological station, quarantine station, a hospital to treat soldiers from WWI with venereal disease, mental hospital, a rehab for alcoholics, a women's jail, and now a sports and recreation centre. 
All that is left of the old mental asylum is the nurses' quarters or hospital. When the mental asylum was operating, an alarm system was set up, so that people on the island could keep themselves safe from mad escapees. The nurses' quarters are now rotted away, but the furnishings from the asylum still remain.
The Sport and Recreation Centre still uses the refurbished sleeping quarters as the dining room and kitchen. The rooms at Milson Island range from school kids' rooms that sleep up to five people to lodges for one to four people.
The Lajeado State Park (Portuguese: Parque Estadual do Lajeado) is a state park in the state of Tocantins, Brazil. It protects a fragile, dry, hilly environment near the state capital of Palmas.
The park contains springs, waterfalls and cave paintings. There is a staff residence in the park. The park may be visited after giving advance notice for hiking, contemplation or interpretation with guidance from trained guides. There was a fish farm before the park was established, but it has been closed. The park is surrounded by the Serra do Lajeado Environmental Protection Area.
171 species of flora have been found, from 61 families. Leguminosa was the family with the highest number of species (28), followed by Aracaceae (8), Melastomataceae, Rubiaceae and Vochysiaceae with six species each.  There are no endemic, rare or endangered plant species. The main species are Qualea grandiflora (pau-terra), Curatella americana (Lixeira), Plathymenia reticulata (pau-santo), Vellozia squamata (canela-de-ema) and Byrsonima subterranea (murici).
After going undrafted in the 2015 NFL Draft, Henry signed with the Green Bay Packers on May 8, 2015. On September 5, 2015, he was released by the Packers during final team cuts.
Henry was claimed off waivers by the Denver Broncos on September 6, 2015. He appeared in two games in the first five weeks of the Broncos season. On October 14, 2015, Henry was released by the Broncos to make room for the signing of tight end Richard Gordon.
On October 16, 2015, Henry was signed to the Packers' practice squad, where he spent the rest of his rookie season. He was re-signed by the Packers after the season ended on January 18, 2016.
Entering his second season; Henry missed time during training camp due to a groin injury. He later broke the index finger on his right hand in the second preseason game against the Oakland Raiders, resulting in his having to wear a club cast on his hand for the second straight year. On August 30, 2016, Henry was placed on injured reserve. He was waived by the Packers after reaching an injury settlement on September 1, 2016.
Henry was signed to the Baltimore Ravens' practice squad on November 7, 2016 but was released three days later.
In December 2016, Henry was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia after being released by the Ravens. He started feeling pain in his shoulder in November, and doctors later discovered a cancerous mass in his chest. Henry received well-wishes from former coach Mike McCarthy, former teammate Peyton Manning, and others. Henry had been told by the Ravens that he was going to be re-signed soon, but then started feeling pain a few days after he was cut.
On June 30, 2017, Henry died from acute myeloid leukemia at the age of 24. He is survived by his wife Madison.
Following the 1981 season the Dallas Tornado merged with Tampa Bay. At the time, Dallas principals Lamar Hunt and Bill McNutt retained a minority stake in the Rowdies. Two years later after the 1983 season, Strawbidge, Hunt and McNutt sold the team outright to local investors Stella Thayer, Bob Blanchard and Dick Corbett.
While Mike Connell's and Perry Van der Beck's numbers have since been retired by the current franchise, Wegerle's #7 continues to be reissued each season.
While anyone who supported the club could call themselves a Fanny, members of the official Rowdies Fan Club particularly claimed the moniker as their own. The fan club held regular meetings and social events and published a newsletter.
The "Wowdies" were the Rowdies' cheerleaders. The team also had a pep band known as the "Loudies" that sat in the south endzone and attended local pep rallies.
The NASL folded in 1984, but the Rowdies continued to play for several more years. Tampa Stadium continued to be used as their home ground for outdoor games except during the 1991 and 1992 seasons in the APSL. Those two years were spent at the USF Soccer Stadium, before returning to Tampa Stadium in 1993 for the team's final season in existence.
As an independent club, the Rowdies played only one match in 1985. It was against the U.S. Men's team on the Fourth of July in front of 30,038 fans.
In the summer of 1988, the Rowdies joined the third incarnation of the American Soccer League. They would stay in this league and its successor (the APSL) until the team folded after the 1993 season. During this six year stretch they achieved moderate success, winning one division title and making the playoffs four times. In 1992 they finished as runners-up to Colorado in the regular season, in the Professional Cup final, and in the APSL final as well.
MLS initially operated the team with the hope of selling to a private local owner. That became difficult after Malcolm Glazer bought the Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the National Football League in 1995 and demanded that the community build a new stadium. Raymond James Stadium was completed in 1998 and Tampa Stadium was demolished soon thereafter, forcing the Mutiny to move to the new facility.
The Bucs' lease agreement in their new home allowed them to keep most non-ticket revenues from all events at the facility, including Mutiny matches, severely damaging the financial viability of the soccer club. As financial losses mounted (up to $2 million a year), MLS desperately courted Glazer to buy the Mutiny. Glazer declined, so the league opted to fold the Mutiny, along with other Florida-based MLS team of that era, the Miami Fusion, in early 2002.
To date, the new Rowdies have honored both Mike Connell's and Perry Van der Beck's significant contribution to soccer, both on and off the field in the community at large, by retiring their jerseys. The Rowdies won the 2012 NASL Championship. As of 2017 they are currently members of the second division, United Soccer League, and have announced their intention to gain entry into MLS's next wave of expansion.
 All lyrics are written by Anne Preven, except where noted; all music is composed by Preven and Scott Cutler, except where noted.
Potamogeton gemmiparus, is a species of plant found in North America. It is also known as Potamogeton pusillus var. gemmiparus, common names capillary pondweed, slender pondweed, and budding pondweed.  It is listed as threatened in Connecticut and in New Hampshire, as rare in Indiana, and as a special concern in Rhode Island.
On Mussel Ridge, hydrothermal alteration of rocks has produced several minerals like alunite, amorphous silica, anhydrite, barite, chalcopyrite, cristobalite, magnetite, marcasite, natroalunite, natrojarosite, pyrite, pyrophyllite, smectite, and native sulfur; in some places, the volcanic rocks have been entirely replaced by alteration products. Hyaloclastic rocks have also been observed.
Early observations of volcanic activity at Monowai occurred in 1977 and 1978. The last eruption sequence may have occurred in October 2014 or May 2016, when pumice rafts and water discolouration were observed, respectively. Both events were accompanied by seismic episodes which indicate that between April 2014 and January 2017 there were about two eruptions per month. Monowai may be the most active submarine volcano in the world.
The town is a part of Gobichettipalayam constituency and elects its member of legislative assembly every five years, and a part of the Tirupur constituency that elects its member of parliament. The town is administered by a municipality established in 1949 and has a population of 60,279 as of 2011. It is known as " Mini Kollywood" because of the film shooting that takes place here and many films in Tamil and other languages have been shot.
The population is dominated by the Kongu Vellalar community. There are a significant number of North Indians, Gurkhas, Malayalis, Uralis, Senguntha Mudaliars, Vanniyars, Dalits, Nadars and Vettuva Gounders. As per the religious census of 2011, Gobichettipalayam had 90.3% Hindus, 7.1% Muslims, 2.5% Christians and 0.1% others.
Gobichettipalayam Municipality was constituted on 1 October 1949 as III grade as per G.O. Ms. No. 1948 (Local Administration Department) dated 12 August 1949 with effect from 1 October 1949 and was elevated to Grade II as per G.O. Ms. No. 194 (Local Administration Department) dated 10 February 1970 and to first Grade with effect from 1 October 1977 as per G.O. Ms. No. 1532 (R.D & L.A.), 21 September 1977, and to Selection Grade as per G.O. Ms. No. 238 (MA&WS), 2 December 2008.
The town elects a Member to the legislative assembly. It is currently represented by education minister K. A. Sengottaiyan of AIADMK. Gobichettipalayam was a parliamentary constituency until 2009 and was replaced by the newly formed Tirupur constituency during delimitation by Election Commission of India. After the delimination, Gobichettipalayam assembly constituency is part of the Tirupur constituency.
Gobichettipalayam has a good educational infrastructure. Notable schools are Diamond Jubilee Higher Secondary School, established over a 100 years ago and visited by Mahatma Gandhi and Shree Vidyalaya, which has a full-time dyslexic center. The city is also home to Gobi Arts and Science College, one of the oldest arts colleges in the state. The city itself has only a few engineering colleges, but its proximity to Namakkal and Erode makes it an ideal educational hub.
The city is developing quickly and has been described by the government as "Bi-functional", with 31% of the work force engaged in agriculture, 56% in trading and other activities and 13% in industry. A number of banks have been established in the town in recent years, testimony to the growth and prosperity of the local economy. ICICI Bank established its third branch in Tamil Nadu here. The economy is predominantly dependent on agriculture.
The economy of Gobichettipalayam centers on agriculture, with paddy, sugarcane, plantain, tobacco and turmeric being the principal crops. The taluk is known for its lush green paddy fields which attracts cine industry. Gobichettipalayam is well known for its plantain cultivation and the production of coconuts. There are regulated market places run by the Government of India for the trade of agricultural products mainly turmeric, copra and bananas.
Gobichettipalayam is one of the leading producers of silk cocoon in the country. Mulberry cultivation has increased in the recent years and a silk research extension center was established by the Government of Tamil Nadu in collaboration with the Central Silk Board. India's second automated silk reeling unit was established in here in 2008.
A large number of spinning mills have come up in to support to the weaving and knitwear to supplement Tirupur. IT and BPO sectors are  also developing with a few start up companies based out of the town. Other industries include cotton textiles, motors, pumps, automobile spares, textile machinery manufacturing, castings and machined parts.
Since its founding, Ragazzi has performed regularly with the San Francisco Opera, San Francisco Symphony, Opera San Jose, West Bay Opera, Lawrence Pech Dance Company, Peninsula Symphony, Masterworks Chorale and the Stanford University Symphonic Chorus among others.[citation needed]
Domestically Ragazzi has toured Minnesota where they attended AMERICAFEST (2003), Oregon where they attended PICCFEST (2005) as a feature choir, Montana where they attended the International Choral Festival (2006), and Arizona (2009).
In July 2009 Ragazzi's YME toured the San Francisco East Bay, attending the Golden Gate International Children's Choral Festival,. The group won the following awards:
This article about a historic property or district  in Onondaga County, New York, that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Fabio Trinidade da Silveira (born 26 May 1977 in Pantano Grande, Rio Grande do Sul), commonly known as Fabinho, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a forward. He is currently a free agent.
Fabinho proved his value as a late sub again on April 19 when Randers FC played against FC Copenhagen. Fabinho scored the winning goal in the ending minutes.
This biographical article related to a Brazilian association football forward born in the 1970s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The third day is always Fast of Gedalia, it follows Rosh HaShanah. It is a half day fast, meaning it is only observed from dawn of the third day until dusk of that same day. However, when the third of Tishrei falls on Shabbat, the fast is postponed to the fourth day.
After Rosh Hashanah ends and before Yom Kippur starts the next notable day is the special Shabbat that has its own name Shabbat Shuvah ("Sabbath [of] Return") meaning the Sabbath devoted to "teshuva" which means "repentance" in Judaism. 
Three of the main observances are themes that are repeated in both the Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur prayer services and printed in every mahzor ("holiday prayer book") of those two holy days: "Repentance, Prayer and Charity (teshuva, tefila, tzedaka) remove the evil decree":
There are many observances, customs, rituals and prayers said and performed on Rosh Hashanah, such as: 
As with all Jewish festivals, practicing Jews will not use any electronic devices during the holiday.
Fasting is done partially only on Fast of Gedalia and for the full day of Yom Kippur. Money in any form is not handled or carried on Jewish holidays according to Jewish law, but promises to make donations are allowed.
In contemporary Judaism, many congregations offer a Selichot service near midnight on the Saturday night preceding the Ten Days of Repentance. This, often short, prayer service serves as a preamble to the High Holy Days (Yom Kippur in particular). The service itself comprises prayers of atonement, the liturgy of which may be found in many machzorim (prayer books for the High Holy Days) or in special prayer books or pamphlets known as "slechot."
Some Jews and communities have the custom of performing Kapparot during a weekday, a ritual in which either a chicken or money is swung over one's head usually three times as a symbolic atonement by the chicken or the money "assuming the sins" of the one performing the ritual. This custom is not required by the Torah.
As with all Jewish festivals, practicing Jews will not use any electronic devices during the holiday.
Yom Kippur is over at sundown on the tenth day at nightfall but is 'confirmed' as concluded after the recitation of the Kaddish following the end of ne'ila ("closing") prayer and the shofar is sounded. The services end in joy with the hope that all have been inscribed in the Book of Life.
During these days some are stricter and eat only baked goods produced with a Jew involved in the baking process known as Pat Yisrael even though during the year they eat any kosher baked goods known as pat paltar. If while traveling it is not possible to obtain Pat Yisrael, then being stricter is not a requirement.
There are conflicting customs whether weddings should be held during the weekdays of the Ten Days: some Orthodox Jews avoid holding weddings during this more serious period, while other Orthodox Jews as well as non-Orthodox Jews may do so.
The most serious and comprehensive reasons behind the Ten Days of Repentance are derived from the works of Maimonides (known in Hebrew as the RAMBAM):
Massimiliano Valcareggi (born February 12, 1995 in Trieste, Italy) is an alpine skier from Italy. He will compete for Greece at the 2014 Winter Olympics in three alpine skiing events.
Although born in Italy, Valcareggi's mother is Greek, allowing him to compete for Greece. He chose to compete for Greece because he felt he had a better chance of making their national team.
This biographical article relating to alpine skiing in Greece is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about a biologist from the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Kadakkattu Para is a small village included in Tenhippalam panchayath.  It is three kilometers west of the Upper Chelari bus stop.  The main villages on this route are Shanthi Corner, Alungal, Mukkood and Pichanadathilpady.  The important places of worship are Thrakkannoor Shiva Temple, Pichanadathil Masjidh and Kadakkattoor Masjidh.  Other important landmarks are AEMS Public School, VEM Public School and Shamsul Hudha Madrassah
The 2007 Triple J Hottest 100 was announced on Australia Day, 26 January 2008.  It was the fifteenth countdown of the most popular songs of the year, as chosen by the listeners of Australian radio station Triple J.
Voting began on 1 January 2008, and closed on 20 January 2008.  More than 700,000 votes were counted in the poll. The broadcast began at 10 a.m. AEST, and for the first time was broadcast live to all time zones (as opposed to being on a delayed broadcast).  Triple J hosted two live sites, one at The Domain, Sydney and one at Melbourne Docklands.
The 2007 poll was the closest in Hottest 100 history with only 13 votes separating the number 1 and 2 songs. The 2007 Hottest 100 contained 52 works by Australian artists. This equals the results in the 1999 poll.
Triple J's Hottest 100 Volume 15 is the compilation featuring the best of the Top 100 voted tracks on two CDs.  It went on sale 8 March 2008.
The inclusion of the Riemannian circle as the equator (or any great circle) of the 2-sphere of constant Gaussian curvature +1, is an isometric imbedding in the sense of metric spaces (there is no isometric imbedding of the Riemannian circle in Hilbert space in this sense).
Linda Nagata (born November 7, 1960 in San Diego, California) is a Hawaii-based American author of speculative fiction, science fiction, and fantasy novels, novellas, and short stories. Her novella Goddesses was the first online publication to win the Nebula Award. She frequently writes in the Nanopunk genre, which features nanotechnology and the integration of advanced computing with the human brain.
Nagata began writing after graduating from university, and published her first short story in 1987. She now publishes under her independent imprint, Mythic Island Press, LLC., which publishes e-books and trade paperbacks.  She is perhaps most recognized for her Nanotech Succession series, which is considered exemplary of the Nanopunk genre.
The three begin to live together as a family for a while, and Rayber is excited to have his nephew back in order to raise him as a normal boy and provide him with a proper education. However, Francis resists his uncle's attempts at secular reform very much the same way he resisted Mason's attempts at religious reform. Rayber understands what Francis is going through, as he himself had been kidnapped as a child by Mason, but Rayber's father had managed to rescue him.
Tarwater runs away into the woods and tries to make his way back to his great-uncle's house to confront his demons once and for all. He eventually hitches a ride with another man, who entices Tarwater to get drunk. Tarwater takes the man's offer and passes out, eventually waking up naked against a tree with his clothes neatly folded beside him. He dresses hurriedly and sets fire to the area.
From the days of John the Baptist until now, the kingdom of heaven suffereth violence, and the violent bear it away.
Another possible meaning is that both secularism and fundamentalism (that is, the Protestant functioning outside of the Roman Catholic Church) are heresy, which blinds their adherents to God's truth. When God's grace comes into contact with an errant life, a violent revelation occurs. Falsehood and heresy are burnt off, and the sinner then sees the truth clearly. Those who suffer this spiritual violence bear the kingdom of God with them as they go through the world.
Flannery O'Connor was a devout Catholic, and The Violent Bear It Away reflects her religious beliefs. It is filled with religious imagery and themes, ranging from the power of passion to the dominance of destiny.
James Cantrell feels that O'Connor's Irish heritage is central to the novel, serving as the foundation of her exploration of the conflicts between Christ and secularism in America. He says, for example, the surname "Tarwater" is completely understood only by focusing on Irish culture and history.
The Cebu IT Park (formerly known as Asiatown IT Park) is a 27-hectare mixed use business park in Cebu City, Philippines, envisioned to attract locators in the information technology services. It is developed by Cebu Property Ventures and Development Corporation, a subsidiary of Cebu Holdings, Inc. Cebu Holdings itself is a subsidiary of Ayala Land.
The site of where the Cebu IT Park is on used to be the site of the old Lahug Airport, which opened on 1938 before suspending operations in 1966, when Cebu's airport was transferred to the island of Mactan. One event of historical note occurred in February 19, 1981, when Pope John Paul held an open-air Papal Mass on the airport's runway.
The airport was finally closed in the mid-1990s, after it was acquired by Philippine property developer Ayala Land, just a couple of years after the same developer acquired the Club Filipino golf course (which would later become the site of the Cebu Business Park). It was approved by the Philippine Economic Zone Authority (PEZA) board as an economic zone on April 6, 2000. On February 27, 2001, Presidential Proclamation No. 12 made it an Information Technology Special Economic Zone.
Construction on eOffice One, the first office modules in Cebu IT Park, began in 2001 and opened in 2002.
Opened in 2019, the Ayala Malls Central Bloc is the second Ayala Mall in Cebu, and is the first major retail establishment within the property. Also located adjacent to the mall's complex is a Seda Hotel and two office buildings.
This article about a location in Central Visayas region of the Philippines is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Peterlee Community Hospital is a health facility in O'Neill Drive, Peterlee, County Durham, England. It is managed by North Tees and Hartlepool NHS Foundation Trust.
The facility was commissioned after pressure from local members of parliament to provide modern healthcare in this growing industrial area. After appropriate ground condition surveys, construction started and it opened as Peterlee Community Hospital in the late 1990s. The urgent care centre closed for overnight treatment in late 2019.
Carson Ferri-Grant (born December 17, 1950) is an American actor and artist. Grant has created characters and stories in visual mediums as drawings, paintings, in films and on stage.
Grant moved to New York City in 1970 to study acting technique with Lee Strasberg. He joined the professional acting unions: Screen Actors Guild, American Federation of Television and Radio Artists and Actors' Equity Association; and was represented by the William Morris Agency, who created the stage name 'Carson Grant'. He trained with Wally Harper, who coached his baritone voice, and Phil Black who trained him with modern jazz and fencing.
Grant performed various acting roles with New York City Opera and began his film acting career in films as Man on a Swing, The Front and Death Wish. He portrayed 'Romeo' in Romeo and Juliet at New Jersey Shakespeare in the Park and was young 'Thomas Jefferson' in The Last Ballot in the WNET 13 Bicentennial series.
Graduating as a Psi Chi Honors Society recipient in Psychology and elected Psi Chi president at CUNY - Hunter College BA program, Grant's master thesis on the Therapeutic Validity of Drama/Art Therapy, earned him an MA (summa cum laude) at University of Connecticut. He pursued postgraduate work at Columbia University. Grant presented his research at Georgetown's Drama Therapy Association 1985 convention.
Grant attended and taught at Pratt School of Art and Design, New York City to enhance his knowledge of computer graphics and digital editing. He worked as a computer graphic artist, animator and editor using AT&T- NASA software, creating formats for the premiere of CD-ROM and DVD and Internet technology, for companies such as Fusion, Advanced Graphics, Exhibit Technologies, Carabineer, and Ogilvy & Mather Advertising.
Painting on the computer tablet, Carson created animations for the 1991 Sony's Time Square Video Screen, present-day Panasonic panel hung on the One Times Square building, for the Ayer advertising campaign "Breakthrough with the Unexpected" animation of an egg cracking to release a butterfly  and also projects for IBM, Intel, Kodak, DeBeers, Shell, American Express, and National Geographic's Global Access Interactive Gallery in Washington, DC.
Grant participated as a visual artist in many group art exhibitions in New York City as a curator, a contributing painter and photographer. As a film actor, Grant has portrayed more than 400 film characters in commercial and independent films as of 2012.
In 2011, Carson Ferri-Grant curated an exhibition "Fall: Rising Above 9-11" for the West Side Arts Coalition, New York City. He asked the contributing artists to create original art work of their feelings about 9-11 for the tenth anniversary. ,
In 1998, Italian director Edoardo Amati asked Grant to portray his lead character in the film Master Shot.
In 2008, Carson Ferri-Grant was elected Vice President of GIAA (Guild of Italian American Actors) and represented GIAA delegate on the 4 A's (Associated Actors and Artistes of America) meetings chaired by President Theodore Bikel.
As a film actor, Grant has portrayed more than 400 film characters in commercial and independent films as of 2020. In 2013 performed at Symphony Space, NYC in 50 year tribute to JFK in gala event "November 21, 1963: The day before".
Grant has won a number of artistic and civic awards, including the Rhode Island Scholastic Gold Key Art Award (1962), Avon Foundation grant 1981, America The Beautiful Fund grant (1981), ACM SIGGRAPH: Vision in Art Award (1990), and the GIAA Italian American Heritage Award (2007). The latter was awarded for contributing to the positive portrayal of Italian American culture via his role in the film God Bless America.
In 2008, Carson Ferri-Grant, was honored with a membership into the National Society of the Sons of the American Revolution through the Rhode Island Chapter. In 2009 Carson Ferri-Grant was included in the Marquis "Who's Who in American Art", and "Who's Who in America", and in 2010 was honored for inclusion in Marquis "International Who's Who".
The town lies in the northern part of the commune, where it is crossed by the Allier, which flows northeast through the northern part of the commune.
The IHF Women's Youth World Championship is the official competition for women's national handball teams under age 18, has been organized by the International Handball Federation since 2006. It takes place every two years in even years.
Glory TV is based in London, with recording of various programs taking place in key Christian communities in the United Kingdom such as Slough, Hounslow, Leicester, Wolverhampton, Southall, Glasgow and other areas with prominent British Asian churches. Programs are also recorded in and broadcast from Italy, France and the Netherlands, where Punjabi- and Urdu-speaking Christians are located. Religious programming and tour footage from Israel are also shown on a daily basis.
On 27 September 2014 Glory TV entertained the thoughts and opinions of inspirational Christian speakers, Howard and Renu Dwyer, the latter of the two gave a heartfelt testimony on her near death experience.
In 2014 Glory TV went off the air for a short time due to not being able to provide its broadcasting fees due to lack of funding as the channel relies entirely upon viewer donations.
Sportzentrum Maspernplatz is an indoor sporting arena located in Paderborn, Germany.  The capacity of the arena is 3,040 people.  It is currently home to the Paderborn Baskets basketball team.
This article about a North Rhine-Westphalian building or structure is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
While he studied medicine at the University of Berlin, he was an assistant to pathologist Rudolf Virchow (1821-1902). After graduation, he continued as an assistant to Virchow until 1886. From 1886 to 1921 he taught as a professor at the University of Greifswald, where he also served as director of the pathological institute.
He is known for his pioneer work with tissue cultures, and his experimentation in the field of bacteriology. "Grawitz' tumour", also known as renal cell carcinoma, is named after him. 
This article about a German person in the field of medicine is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The 17th-century Acta Sanctorum records a story of a blind English woman miraculously cured by Triduana. The saint appears to her in a dream, and instructs her to travel to Restalrig. She does so, and regains her sight at Triduana's tomb. The woman's daughter is later cured of blindness after praying to Triduana.
St Tredwell's Chapel, Papa Westray is a renowned Orkney pilgrimage-centre, standing on a conical mound on a small peninsula (about 4.5 metres high and 35 metres across at the water level) in St Tredwell's Loch. The remains of the late medieval walls can be seen, built over Iron Age remains, including a tunnel leading to a circular building or broch. The thick walls of the chapel and records of tracery work indicate an important and well-founded establishment.
Such was the veneration entertained by the inhabitants for this ancient saint, that it was with difficulty that the first Presbyterian minister of the parish could restrain them, of a Sunday morning, from paying their devotions at this ruin, previous to their attendance on public worship in the reformed church. Wonders, in the way of cure of bodily disease, are said to have been wrought by this saint, whose fame is now passed away and name almost forgotten.
Both songs were composed by Tetsuji Hayashi, who was the composer for the previous version of the band Kiyotaka Sugiyama & Omega Tribe. The B-side was written by Yasushi Akimoto, who was one of the lyricists for S. Kiyotaka & Omega Tribe.
Honduras competed at the 2011 World Aquatics Championships in Shanghai, China between July 16 and 31, 2011.
Justin Lee Collins (born 28 July 1974) is a former British radio and television presenter, and actor from Bristol, England.
In 2014 Collins starred in the comedy/horror feature film The Hatching alongside Thomas Turgoose and Andrew Potts and in 2015 played a small role in the time travel comedy Time Slips.
Collins was born on 28 July 1974 in Southmead, Bristol, to Anita and Danny Collins, a self-employed electrician. Collins is an only child. In 1990, Collins left education at Speedwell Technology College at the age of 15 with no qualifications and started working at Marks & Spencer as a warehouseman.
Collins began his career in entertainment as a stand-up comic whilst still working part-time as a double-glazing window demonstrator. He won the best New Comedy Act award at the Glastonbury Festival in 1997 and reached the finals of the BBC New Comedy Awards at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival the same year. Collins gave up stand-up comedy in 2002 to concentrate on TV and radio presenting, stating that he never intends to return to the profession.
In 2008 Collins appeared as Amos Hart in the hit show Chicago, for which he rehearsed for at the Cambridge Theatre. Collins said of the role, "I'm over the moon to be playing the sexiest part in the best show on the West End stage. I've already gone through a dozen pairs of tights."
From August 2011 to September 2012 Collins played Dennis Dupree in the West End production of Rock of Ages.
Collins began hosting a radio show on XFM in 2003, initially on Sundays at 1 to 3 am, later progressing to Saturday afternoons from 3 to 6 pm. He left in December 2005 and returned to host the Saturday 2 to 6pm slot during April 2011. On 17 September that year, Collins sat in for Dermot O'Leary's Saturday show on BBC Radio 2. Collins was heard performing a Tom Jones impersonation on BBC Radio 1's Chris Moyles Show in January 2008.
In 2014, Collins returned to radio with his own weekly show on Fubar Radio, an uncensored station featuring Andy Parsons and Mark Dolan. The show is also available via iTunes in podcast form.
In 2002, Collins made shows for Bravo and MTV and became the host of the companion show for the first series of Strictly Come Dancing. He was replaced by Claudia Winkleman the following year and the show moved from BBC Three to BBC Two.
In 2005 and 2006, Collins presented The Games: Live At Trackside on E4 alongside Caroline Flack. The series was the companion show to Channel 4's sports-based reality programme The Games.
On 7 May 2007, he was a guest presenter on The New Paul O'Grady Show on Channel 4 when O'Grady took a break. Collins appeared on Top Gear with Alan Carr on 22 June 2008, for the Star in a Reasonably-Priced Car segment.
In June 2008, a show was aired on Sky One entitled Justin Lee Collins: 180, which followed his quest to be a professional darts player. In the show, he practised with Keith Deller and played in the BDO International Open on 15 June 2008. He lost in the first round 3-0 in legs to county player Stuart Bousfield, who was in the top 100 in the BDO rankings at the time.
In 2014, Collins was cast in British feature film The Hatching as 'Stan'. Directed by Michael Anderson. Collins stars alongside Andrew Potts and Thomas Turgoose. The following year he had a bit-part in time travel comedy Time Slips, directed by Stephen Hyams.
In August 2016 Collins made a return to TV, four years after his conviction, by becoming a regular presenter on FanTV. The show attracted a small audience and was cancelled a few months later.
In 2007, Collins signed a three-album deal with Universal. Due to other commitments the first album was never released and subsequently the deal was called off. Collins stated in an interview with Reveal Magazine (2012) that he would like to resume his efforts to release music in the future.
In September 2009 Collins' autobiography Good Times! was published by Ebury Press. An audiobook followed.
In 2003, Collins married Karen Lee. She gave birth to their first child, a boy, in May 2005. In January 2008, Collins announced that his wife had recently given birth to their second son. Collins separated from his wife in late 2010.
The 1992 Sonoma State Cossacks football team represented Sonoma State during the 1992 NCAA Division II football season. Sonoma State competed in the Northern California Athletic Conference in 1992.
The Killer Shrews is a 1959 American independent science fiction film directed by Ray Kellogg, and produced by Ken Curtis and Gordon McLendon. The film stars James Best, Ingrid Goude, Curtis, McLendon, Baruch Lumet and "Judge" Henry Dupree.
Shot outside of Dallas, Texas, it was produced back-to-back with The Giant Gila Monster. Now in the public domain, the film has been issued multiple DVD releases and was lampooned in the fourth season of Mystery Science Theater 3000.
Principal photography took place outside of Dallas, Texas. Special effects were provided by first-time director Kellogg, who served as the head of 20th Century Fox's special effects department throughout most of the 1950s. Close-ups of the shrews were filmed using hand puppets, and for the wider shots, coonhounds were costumed as the shrews.
This low-budget feature was regarded as one of the more successful "regional films". Unlike other regional films, however, it received national and even foreign distribution.
On Rotten Tomatoes, The Killer Shrews holds an approval rating of 50%, based on 10 reviews, with a weighted average rating of 4.6 out of 10.
Leonard Maltin awarded the movie 2.5 out of 4 stars, calling it "an inventive but silly sci-fi tale".
Despite mixed reviews, the movie was a commercial success. Unlike many American creature features of the time, it was released internationally adding to its profits.
The sequel Return of the Killer Shrews was produced in 2012, again starring Best as Thorne Sherman. Bruce Davison took the role of Jerry. The movie also stars John Schneider and Rick Hurst, Best's co-stars in The Dukes of Hazzard. The length of time between the original movie's release and the sequel's release (more than 50 years) is one of the longest time periods in movie history between original movies and sequels.
The remake/parody Attack of the Killer Shrews was released in 2016 by White Lion Studios. Directed by Ken Cosentino, it was filmed as a horror comedy with "deliberately awful...horrible shrew puppets" and a different cast of characters.
On 17 August 1929, Footscray played a round 16 fixture against Melbourne at the MCG, during which Stevens was involved in several on field incidents. As the players were leaving the field at half time, Stevens was struck in the face by a man from the crowd and hit "by a woman with her parasol", before being assisted to the rooms by police constables. The spectator that struck Stevens, Hector Michael Davis, was charged with assault and fined in court.
At the VFL Tribunal, Stevens was suspended for 10 league games, on three charges. He received four weeks for "kneeing" Melbourne player Col Deane, two for conducting himself in "an unseemly manner" (an objectionable gesture) and four for elbowing and attempting to strike Melbourne's George Cassidy.
Stevens made just five appearances in the 1930 VFL season. On his first game back from suspension, at Corio Oval in round 10, the umpire reported him for attempting to elbow Geelong player Jack Plunkett. Although cleared of the charge at the tribunal, he received a four-week ban for his actions after he had been approached by the umpire, when he threw the ball away.
In 1931 he played 11 games and was a member of a Footscray team that missed out on the finals only on percentage.
He featured in the opening eight rounds of the 1932 season, then found himself back at the tribunal, reported for striking Melbourne's Joe Kinnear with his elbow. For this he received an eight-week suspension. His next and ultimately final appearance for Footscray came in round 18, against North Melbourne. He retired at the end of the season.
Stevens died at the age of 54 on 7 July 1953, when he was struck by a train on the railway line at Reservoir, Melbourne.
He had a son, Harvey, who played for Footscray and was a member of their historic 1954 premiership team.
Two great grandsons have also played in the league, Daniel Talia for Adelaide and Michael Talia for the Western Bulldogs and Sydney Swans.
The Adams County Courthouse is a building located in Council, Idaho which was built in 1915.  It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
It is a two-and-a-half-story building on a raised basement, located on a hill rising above Council's downtown, and appears monumental despite its small size. It has an L-shaped plan with the front entrance in the inside corner of the L.
This article about a property in Idaho on the National Register of Historic Places is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about a building or structure in Idaho is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Selective breeding of the brown rat has produced the fancy rat (rats kept as pets), as well as the laboratory rat (rats used as model organisms in biological research). Both fancy rats and laboratory rats are of the domesticated subspecies Rattus norvegicus domestica.
By the early to middle part of the 19th century, British academics believed that the brown rat was not native to Norway, hypothesizing (incorrectly) that it may have come from Ireland, Gibraltar or across the English Channel with William the Conqueror. As early as 1850, however, a new hypothesis of the rat's origins was beginning to develop. The British novelist Charles Dickens acknowledged this in his weekly journal, All the Year Round, writing:
It is frequently called, in books and otherwise, the 'Norway rat', and it is said to have been imported into this country in a ship-load of timber from Norway. Against this hypothesis stands the fact that when the brown rat had become common in this country, it was unknown in Norway, although there was a small animal like a rat, but really a lemming, which made its home there.
Academics began to prefer this etymology of the brown rat towards the end of the 19th century, as seen in the 1895 text Natural History by American scholar Alfred Henry Miles:
The brown rat is the species common in England, and best known throughout the world. It is said to have travelled from Persia to England less than two hundred years ago and to have spread from thence to other countries visited by English ships.
Though the assumptions surrounding this species' origins were not yet the same as modern ones, by the 20th century, it was believed among naturalists that the brown rat did not originate in Norway, rather the species came from central Asia and (likely) China.
The brown rat is nocturnal and is a good swimmer, both on the surface and underwater, and has been observed climbing slim round metal poles several feet in order to reach garden bird feeders. Brown rats dig well, and often excavate extensive burrow systems. A 2007 study found brown rats to possess metacognition, a mental ability previously only found in humans and some primates, but further analysis suggested they may have been following simple operant conditioning principles.
Rats may also emit short, high frequency, ultrasonic, socially induced vocalization during rough and tumble play, before receiving morphine, or mating, and when tickled. The vocalization, described as a distinct "chirping", has been likened to laughter, and is interpreted as an expectation of something rewarding. Like most rat vocalizations, the chirping is too high in pitch for humans to hear without special equipment. Bat detectors are often used by pet owners for this purpose.
In research studies, the chirping is associated with positive emotional feelings, and social bonding occurs with the tickler, resulting in the rats becoming conditioned to seek the tickling. However, as the rats age, the tendency to chirp appears to decline.
In addition, they commonly squeak along a range of tones from high, abrupt pain squeaks to soft, persistent 'singing' sounds during confrontations.
The brown rat is a true omnivore and will consume almost anything, but cereals form a substantial part of its diet. Martin Schein, founder of the Animal Behavior Society in 1964, studied the diet of brown rats and came to the conclusion that the most-liked foods of brown rats include scrambled eggs, macaroni and cheese, raw carrots, and cooked corn kernels. According to Schein, the least-liked foods were raw beets, peaches, and raw celery.
Foraging behavior is often population-specific, and varies by environment and food source. Brown rats living near a hatchery in West Virginia catch fingerling fish.  Some colonies along the banks of the Po River in Italy will dive for mollusks, a practice demonstrating social learning among members of this species. Rats on the island of Norderoog in the North Sea stalk and kill sparrows and ducks.
When lactating, female rats display a 24-hour rhythm of maternal behavior, and will usually spend more time attending to smaller litters than large ones.
Brown rats live in large, hierarchical groups, either in burrows or subsurface places, such as sewers and cellars. When food is in short supply, the rats lower in social order are the first to die. If a large fraction of a rat population is exterminated, the remaining rats will increase their reproductive rate, and quickly restore the old population level.
Females are capable of becoming pregnant immediately after giving birth, and can nurse one litter while pregnant with another. Females are able to produce and raise two healthy litters of normal size and weight without significantly changing their own food intake. However, when food is restricted, females can extend pregnancy by over two weeks, and give birth to litters of normal number and weight.
Males can ejaculate multiple times in a row, and this increases the likelihood of pregnancy as well as decreases the number of stillborns. Multiple ejaculation also means that males can mate with multiple females, and they exhibit more ejaculatory series when there are several oestrous females present. Males also copulate at shorter intervals than females. In group mating, females often switch partners.
Dominant males have higher mating success and also provide females with more ejaculate, and females are more likely to use the sperm of dominant males for fertilization.
In mating, female rats show a clear mating preference for unknown males versus males that they have already mated with (also known as the Coolidge effect), and will often resume copulatory behavior when introduced to a novel sexual partner.
Females also prefer to mate with males who have not experienced social stress during adolescence, and can determine which males were stressed even without any observed difference in sexual performance of males experiencing stress during adolescence and not.
Rats are known to burrow extensively, both in the wild and in captivity, if given access to a suitable substrate. Rats generally begin a new burrow adjacent to an object or structure, as this provides a sturdy "roof" for the section of the burrow nearest to the ground's surface. Burrows usually develop to eventually include multiple levels of tunnels, as well as a secondary entrance. Older male rats will generally not burrow, while young males and females will burrow vigorously.
Burrows provide rats with shelter and food storage, as well as safe, thermo-regulated nest sites. Rats use their burrows to escape from perceived threats in the surrounding environment; for example, rats will retreat to their burrows following a sudden, loud noise or while fleeing an intruder. Burrowing can therefore be described as a "pre-encounter defensive behavior", as opposed to a "post-encounter defensive behavior", such as flight, freezing, or avoidance of a threatening stimulus.
Possibly originating from the plains of northern China and Mongolia, the brown rat spread to other parts of the world sometime in the Middle Ages. The question of when brown rats became commensal with humans remains unsettled, but as a species, they have spread and established themselves along routes of human migration and now live almost everywhere humans are.
As it spread from Asia, the brown rat generally displaced the black rat in areas where humans lived. In addition to being larger and more aggressive, the change from wooden structures and thatched roofs to bricked and tiled buildings favored the burrowing brown rats over the arboreal black rats. In addition, brown rats eat a wider variety of foods, and are more resistant to weather extremes.
 In the absence of humans, brown rats prefer damp environments, such as river banks. However, the great majority are now linked to man-made environments, such as sewage systems.
In the United Kingdom, some figures show that the rat population has been rising, with estimations that 81 million rats reside in the U.K.[citation needed] Those figures would mean that there are 1.3 rats per person in the country. High rat populations in the U.K. are often attributed to the mild climate, which allow them higher survival rates during the winter. With the increase in global temperature and glacier retreat, it is estimated that brown rat populations will see an increase.
In tropical and desert regions, brown rat occurrence tends to be limited to human-modified habitats. Contiguous rat-free areas in the world include the continent of Antarctica, the Arctic, some isolated islands, the Canadian province of Alberta, and certain conservation areas in New Zealand. Most of Australia apart from the eastern and south-eastern coastal areas does not have reports of substantial rat occurrences.
Many parts of the world have been populated by rats secondarily, where rats are now important invasive species that compete with and threaten local faunas. For instance, Norway rats reached North America between 1750 and 1775 and even in the early 20th century, from 1925 to 1927, 50% of ships entering the port of New York were rat infested. The following sections provide some examples, including attempts of rat control.
Hawadax Island (formerly known as Rat Island) in Alaska was infested with brown rats following a Japanese shipwreck in 1780. They had a devastating effect on the native bird life. An eradication program was started in 2007 and the island was declared rat-free in June 2009.
Alberta is the largest rat-free populated area in the world. Rat invasions of Alberta were stopped and rats were eliminated by very aggressive government rat control measures, starting during the 1950s.
Similar to other rodents, brown rats may carry a number of pathogens, which can result in disease, including Weil's disease, rat bite fever, cryptosporidiosis, viral hemorrhagic fever, Q fever and hantavirus pulmonary syndrome. In the United Kingdom, brown rats are an important reservoir for Coxiella burnetii, the bacterium that causes Q fever, with seroprevalence for the bacteria found to be as high as 53% in some wild populations.
This species can also serve as a reservoir for Toxoplasma gondii, the parasite that causes toxoplasmosis, though the disease usually spreads from rats to humans when domestic cats feed on infected brown rats. The parasite has a long history with the brown rat, and there are indications that the parasite has evolved to alter an infected rat's perception to cat predation, making it more susceptible to predation and increasing the likelihood of transmission.
Surveys and specimens of brown rat populations throughout the world have shown this species is often associated with outbreaks of trichinosis, but the extent to which the brown rat is responsible in transmitting Trichinella larvae to humans and other synanthropic animals is at least somewhat debatable. Trichinella pseudospiralis, a parasite previously not considered to be a potential pathogen in humans or domestic animals, has been found to be pathogenic in humans and carried by brown rats.
They can also be responsible in transmitting Angiostrongylus larvae to humans by eating raw or undercooked snails, slugs, mollusks, crustaceans, water and/or vegetables contaminated with them.
Selective breeding of albino brown rats rescued from being killed in a now-outlawed sport called rat baiting has produced the albino laboratory rat. Like mice, these rats are frequently subjects of medical, psychological and other biological experiments, and constitute an important model organism. This is because they grow quickly to sexual maturity and are easy to keep and to breed in captivity. When modern biologists refer to "rats", they almost always mean Rattus norvegicus.
The brown rat is kept as a pet in many parts of the world. Australia, the United Kingdom, and the United States are just a few of the countries that have formed fancy rat associations similar in nature to the American Kennel Club, establishing standards, orchestrating events, and promoting responsible pet ownership.
The many different types of domesticated brown rats include variations in coat patterns, as well as the style of the coat, such as Hairless or Rex, and more recently developed variations in body size and structure, including dwarf and tailless fancy rats.
A working rat is a rat trained for specific tasks as a working animal. In many cases, working rats are domesticated brown rats. However, other species, notably the Gambian pouched rat, have been trained to assist humans.
Facilities include a library, computer labs for various purposes, separate CAM and CAD labs program guided machine operations and sports complex.
Morgan Sanders (1934 - April 27, 2021), also known as Martha Sanders, was an American painter, photographer, poet, and author of the children's book Alexander and the Magic Mouse.
Throughout her adult life, Sanders wrote poetry, which eventually "approached the Wordsworthian ideal of natural and yet heightened language." In 1975, one of her poems was included in an anthology of works by contemporary female poets. Sanders published a collection of her poems and a selection of her drawings in Looking for Lola: Poems & Drawings by Morgan Sanders, which was released in 2018.
The Mechanicsville Historic District encompasses a cluster of residential properties that are all that remain of one of the early industrial areas of Grafton, Vermont.  Located a short way east of Grafton Village on Vermont Route 121, it includes ten well-preserved 19th-century properties, some located on properties where early mills once stood.  The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
4.5 point player is a disability sport classification for wheelchair basketball.  Players in this class tend to have normal trunk movement, few problems with side to side movements, and ability to reach to the side of their chair.  Players generally have a below knee amputation, or some other partial single leg dysfunction.  This classification is for players with minimal levels of disability.  In some places, there is a class beyond this called 5 point player for players with no disabilities.
The class includes people with amputations.  Amputees are put into this class depending on the length of their stumps and if they play using prosthetic legs. Classification into this classes has four phases.  They are a medical assessment, observation during training, observation during competition and assessment.  Observation during training may include a game of one on one.  Once put into this class, it is very difficult to be classified out of it.
4.5 point players have the least amount of physical disability of all players on the court.  Players in this class can move easily and forcefully in all directions.  They have the ability to move while shooting and passing.  They can grasp the ball above their head with one or both arms.  They can quickly bring their wheelchair to a stop without tipping over.
4 point players and 4.5 point players receive less playing time than 1 point players because of their higher point value.
A number of disability groups are eligible to compete in this class, including people with amputations and with spinal cord injuries.
Lower limb amputations effect a person's energy cost for being mobile.  To keep their oxygen consumption rate similar to people without lower limb amputations, they need to walk slower. People in this class use around 41% more oxygen to walk or run the same distance as some one without a lower limb amputation.
ISOD classified A4 tend to be classified a 4 point players or 4.5 point players.  The cut off point between the two classes is generally based on the location of the amputations.  People with amputations longer than 2/3rds the length of their thigh are generally 4.5 point players.  Those with shorter amputations are 4 point players. A4 basketball players use around 7% more oxygen to walk or run the same distance as some one without a lower limb amputation.
At the IWBF 1998 World Congress, two proposals were made.  One was to allow everyone to use strapping.  Another was to specifically ban strapping by 4.5 point players.  The practice of strapping had begun by lower point players earlier in the sports history to give them better trunk control.  Eventually, it was taken up by higher point players and included leg strapping.
The classification was created by the International Paralympic Committee  and has roots in a 2003 attempt to address "the overall objective to support and co-ordinate the ongoing development of accurate, reliable, consistent and credible sport focused classification systems and their implementation."
In Australia, wheelchair basketball players and other disability athletes are generally classified after they have been assessed based on medical, visual or cognitive testing, after a demonstration of their ability to play their sport, and the classifiers watching the player during competitive play.
Australians Brad Ness, Troy Sachs and Justin Eveson are 4.5 point players. Amber Merritt is 4.5 point player for Australia's women's national team. Joey Johnson, Patrick Anderson and David Eng are a 4.5 point players for the Canadian men's national team.
He wrote his reminiscences, under the title of My Life, in 1890. The largest public collection of Cooper paintings is owned by Canterbury City Council and housed at the Beaney House of Art & Knowledge in Canterbury. Examples are also held by the Tate Gallery, London, and the Victoria and Albert Museum, London, and other public collections, mainly in Britain.
Pomelovka is located 11 km southwest of Kichmengsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Navolok is the nearest rural locality.
This Kichmengsko-Gorodetsky District location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This biographical article relating to a Finnish sportsperson is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This biographical article relating to table tennis is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Bharatkund railway station is one of the railway station in the Ayodhya district of Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
This article about a railway station in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
In a 13-season career, Miller was a .245 hitter (695-for-2836) with five home runs and 231 RBIs in 927 games played, including 229 runs, 97 doubles, 33 triples, and 40 stolen bases. In eight postseason games, he went 3-for-22 for a .136 average.
As a catcher, he collected 3870 outs with 1053 assists and committed 135 errors in 5058 chances for a .973 fielding percentage.
His best season was 1920, when he posted a career-high .289 average and led National League catchers with .986 fielding percentage.
Miller was also a participant in a historical play in the fifth inning of Game 5 of the 1920 World Series. He was tagged by Cleveland Indians second baseman Bill Wambsganss for the third out in the only unassisted triple play in World Series history.
After his playing career ended, Miller managed the Atlanta Crackers in 1923 and was a coach for the Dodgers and Boston Red Sox.
Miller died in Brooklyn at the age of 72, when he fell from a hospital window after cataract surgery.
Bill Wambsganss (top left, in white) tags out Miller to complete an unassisted triple play in Game 5 of the 1920 World Series
The Bogdanoff twins descend from a noble Muslim Tatar family dating back to the beginning of the 17th century, originally from Penza, which one of its mirzas converted to Orthodox Christianity, and was rewarded with a title of prince with the decree of Tsar Fedor III. However, they did not succeed in exercising this right, and the title of "Prince Bogdanoff" was quickly lost by the end of the 19th century.
The twins spoke German, also learning French, Russian and English through contact, they would later say, with housekeepers and workers. Their grandmother spoke multiple languages.
The brothers began careers in television, hosting several popular programs on science and science fiction. The first of these, Temps X (Time X), ran from 1979 to 1989.
In 2002, the Bogdanovs launched a new weekly TV show Rayons X (X Rays) on French public channel France 2. In August 2004, they presented a 90-minute special cosmology program.
Grichka Bogdanoff received a Ph.D. from the University of Burgundy (Dijon) in 1999. In 2002, Igor Bogdanoff received a Ph.D. in theoretical physics from the University of Burgundy. Both brothers received the lowest passing grade of "honorable".
In October 2002, the Bogdanovs released an email containing apparently supportive statements by Laurent Freidel, then a visiting professor at the Perimeter Institute. Soon after, Freidel denied writing any such remarks, telling the press that he had forwarded a message containing that text to a friend.
The online discussion was quickly followed by media attention. The Register reported on the dispute on November 1, 2002, and stories in The Chronicle of Higher Education, Nature, The New York Times, and other publications appeared soon after. These news stories included commentary by physicists.
 I had given a favorable opinion for Grichka's defense, based on a rapid and indulgent reading of the thesis text. Alas, I was completely mistaken. The scientific language was just an appearance behind which hid incompetence and ignorance of even basic physics.
In May 2001, the journal Classical and Quantum Gravity (CQG) reviewed an article authored by Igor and Grichka Bogdanov, titled "Topological theory of the initial singularity of spacetime". One of the referees' reports stated that the article was "Sound, original, and of interest. With revisions I expect the paper to be suitable for publication." The paper was accepted by the journal seven months later.
However, after the publication of the article and the publicity surrounding the controversy, mathematician Greg Kuperberg posted to Usenet a statement written by the journal's senior publisher, Andrew Wray, and its co-editor, Hermann Nicolai. The statement read, in part,
Not all review evaluations were positive. Eli Hawkins, acting as a referee on behalf of the Journal of Physics A, suggested rejecting one of the Bogdanovs' papers: "It is difficult to describe what is wrong in Section 4, since almost nothing is right. [...] It would take up too much space to enumerate all the mistakes: indeed it is difficult to say where one error ends and the next begins. In conclusion, I would not recommend that this paper be published in this, or any, journal."
In December 2004, the Bogdanovs sued Ciel et Espace for defamation over the publication of a critical article entitled "The Mystification of the Bogdanovs". In September 2006, the case was dismissed after the Bogdanovs missed court deadlines; they were ordered to pay 2500 euros to the magazine's publisher to cover its legal costs. There was never a substantive ruling on whether or not the Bogdanovs had been defamed.
The Bogdanoff brothers have published a number of works in science fiction, philosophy and popular science. Since 1991, they sign their books as Bogdanov, preferring  "v" to "ff".
The coordination of the international Movement rests with the General Assembly, as part of the General Council members, representatives of the regional councils, delegates from local groups, and the General Council, composed of members elected by the Assembly General.
A French actor named Bernard (Jean-Louis Trintignant) comes across a beautiful young woman (Ewa Aulin) bending over the corpse of a murdered nightclub owner in London. He believes her that she is innocent of the crime, and runs off with her to protect her from a group of criminal types who are stalking her.
Col cuore in gola was adapted from the paperback novel Il sepolcro di carta (1955) by Sergio Donati. Brass noted he was not very fond of the novel, and his producers wanted Jean-Louis Trintignant as the lead. On meeting Trintignant, he told him a different story than that of the novel, which led him to accept the role. Brass then sent over the actual script, stating that he had changed his mind. The film's working title at this point was Enigma.
The film was shown in the United States in Portland, Oregon on 7 September 1969. The film was released in the United States as I Am What I Am on the Cult Epics label.
Richmond North Centre is a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia, Canada that was created in the 2015 redistribution from parts of Richmond Centre and Richmond East. It was first contested in the 2017 election.
Student Vote Canada is a non-partisan program in Canada that holds mock elections in elementary and high schools alongside general elections (with the same candidates and same electoral system). 
This article about a location in British Columbia, Canada is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Panama graduated from the University of California, Los Angeles. He was the sports editor of the campus newspaper, the Daily Bruin.
Panama began his career in journalism at the International News Service. He subsequently worked in public relations for Harry Brand at 20th Century Fox. He represented celebrities like Faye Dunaway, Elvis Priestley, Henry Fonda, and Elizabeth Taylor. He was a publicist for The Simpsons and M*A*S*H.
Panama died on May 13, 2018 at the Motion Picture & Television Country House and Hospital in Woodland Hills, Los Angeles. He was 93.
Softvol is an Advanced Linux Sound Architecture (ALSA) plugin that adds a software based volume control to the ALSA audio mixer (alsamixer).  This is helpful when a sound card does not have a hardware volume control.  The softvol plugin is built into ALSA and does not require a separate installation.
Another use case of the softvol is when a hardware volume control is unable to amplify the sound beyond certain threshold and thus renders an audio file too quiet. In this case software amplifiers can be created in order to boost the volume level at the price of sacrificing some quality.
Many modern software pieces that are able to play audio files have their own, ALSA(or any other sound system)-independent softvol controls.
Caupolicana elegans is a species of bee in the family Colletidae. It is found in Mexico and the United States (Arizona).
Born in Denton, Norfolk, Prichard was the son of A. G. Prichard, a minister and politician.  Norman grew up in London, and was educated at the Henry Thornton School in Clapham, then at King's College, London.  He found work with the Inland Revenue, and became a supporter of the Labour Party.  He also qualified as a barrister, and was accepted at Lincoln's Inn in 1924.
In 1965, London's local government was restructured.  Prichard won a seat on the new Greater London Council, and he also became the first chair of the London Boroughs Association.  He left the council in 1967, but was re-elected to it in 1970, representing Wandsworth.  In his last years, he advocated for free public transport.
Lyndon Wallace James (born 27 December 1998) is an English cricketer. He made his first-class debut for Nottinghamshire in the 2018 County Championship on 10 September 2018. He made his List A debut on 1 May 2019, for Nottinghamshire in the 2019 Royal London One-Day Cup. He made his Twenty20 debut on 13 June 2021, for Nottinghamshire in the 2021 T20 Blast.
This biographical article related to an English cricket person born in the 1990s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Jeff Hubbard is the 2012 IBA World Tour bodyboarder champion from Kauai, Hawaii.  His brother David also won a bodyboarding world title: the 2009 IBA Drop Knee World Tour. Jeff won his first IBA World Title in 2006 and the second in 2009 and third in 2012.
His style is characterized by aerial tricks, and recognized by constantly pushing the boundaries of the sport. His split leg invert and looped 360 airs are a kind of trademark, and he is also regarded as one of the few bodyboarders to ever land an aerial 720. He is a five-time winner of the IBA Pipeline Pro bodyboarding contest in 2002, 2006, 2011, 2012 and 2017.
Jeff Now  owns his own bodyboard brand with his brother dave called Hubboards. www.hubboards.com  Jeff also has his own swim fins called Air Hubb swim fins.
Three-time IBA World Champion (2006, 2009, 2012) Four-time IBA Pipeline Champion (2003, 2007,2011,2012) Eleven-time United States National Title Holder (8 professional and 3 amateur) Sintra Portugal Pro Champion 2009 Peruvian Inka Challenge Champion 2009 Canary Islands El Fronton Wild Wild Wave Champion 2010 Mexico Zigatela Pro Champion 2011, 2012/td> Encanto Pro Champion 2012 Port Macquarie festival of Bodyboarding Champion 2012
Hubbard won the "El Fronton - The Wild Wild Wave Invitational 2010" and the "IBA Pipeline Pro 2011" reaching his third Pipe Title. With the last two high scoring waves (9.75 and 9.5 out of 10) in the last 5 minutes of the final, he dramatically jumped to the top spot after being fourth (and last) for most of the heat.
A Ludi Magister was a teacher at a Roman school, Roman Ludus. Magistri were often Greek or other educated slaves. The Ludi Magister was the teacher of the first stage of Roman education, the equivalent of an elementary school teacher. A Ludi Magister would have a class of around 30 students. Students would go to a Ludi magister at multiple ages and leave at the age of 11. Classes would be held in a room rented by the ludi magister or outside.
The subjects taught by a Ludi Magister were mainly reading and writing accompanied by a small knowledge of arithmetic and numbers. Teachers were allowed to employ corporal punishments if students were late or were disobedient and could be whipped.
The second stage of Roman education was study under a grammaticus, and the third and final stage, only undertaken by young men from wealthy backgrounds, was instruction from a rhetor (the rhetor was almost always Greek and taught the art of public speaking). The ancient Romans did not have universities but they did have extra schooling taken by only the wealthiest families.
This band marks the first solo outing of Ashcroft without the drummer of The Verve, Peter Salisbury, who played on his first three solo albums and tours.
Since 1997, Ashcroft has had a string of 5 consecutive albums reach the top 3 of the UK album charts.  The Verve's Forth reached #1 in 2008, joining 1997's Urban Hymns (which also reached #1).  Ashcroft's three solo albums - 2000's Alone With Everybody (#1), 2002's Human Conditions (#3), and 2006's Keys to the World (#2) - all peaked in the top 3 of the UK album charts.
The album "United Nations of Sound" debuted at #20 in the UK chart before falling to #59 the following week.
After two months of silence, on 15 October Ashcroft releases through his website a second fanclub-only track, "Here We Go Again". On the same day the song "Are You Ready?" was released as a single also in the United States as a digital download. The radio edit of "Are You Ready?" is available for free on the US version of Richard's website.
The album United Nations of Sound was released in the United States on 22 March 2011 under the name "Richard Ashcroft" through the record company Razor & Tie and the lead single "Are You Ready?" is featured over the closing credits of the film The Adjustment Bureau, along with the new song "Future's Bright", written and performed specifically for the film's opening by Richard and ten-time Oscar-nominated composer Thomas Newman.
Yemen competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, from 27 July to 12 August 2012. This was the nation's sixth consecutive appearance at the Olympics since its reunification in 1990.
The Yemen Olympic Committee selected a team of four athletes, three men and one woman, to compete in three sports. Among the Yemeni athletes, judoka Ali Khousrof only made his second consecutive Olympic appearance. Taekwondo jin and 2011 Pan Arab Games champion Tameem Al-Kubati was the nation's flag bearer at the opening ceremony. Yemen, however, has yet to win its first ever Olympic medal.
These are the official results of the Women's 4x100 metres event at the 2003 IAAF World Championships in Paris, France. Their final was held on Saturday 30 August 2001 at 19:45h.
Bulimulus alethorhytidus is a species of  tropical air-breathing land snail, a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the subfamily Bulimulinae.
Mark Cuban, Daymond John, Kevin O'Leary and Robert Herjavec appear as sharks in every episode this season. Barbara Corcoran appears in 11 episodes and Lori Greiner appears in 4 episodes.
Robert Henricks (born 1943) is an American theologian, currently the Preston Kelsey Professor of Religion, Emeritus at Dartmouth College.
Shabab Yatta is a football club based in the town of Yatta, within the Hebron Governorate in the Palestinian West Bank. The club currently compete in the West Bank Premier League, one of the top two divisions of the Palestinian Football Association which runs parallel to the Gaza Strip League. The club plays out of Dora International Stadium.[citation needed]
Palpi minute and porrect (extending forward). Antennae with large swollen basal joint. Tibia with short spurs. Forewings with long cell, veins 9 and 11 present, with vein 5 often comes from middle of discocellulars in male, but curved, if present. Hindwings with vein 3 from before angle of cell, vein 5 from above angle, veins 6 and 7 on a long stalk and vein 8 from near end of cell.
The Police Combat Cross is the second highest departmental award of the New York City Police Department. The Police Combat Cross is awarded to police officers who, "having received Honorable Mention awards, successfully and intelligently perform an act of extraordinary heroism while engaged in personal combat with an armed adversary under circumstances of imminent personal hazard to life".
The Police Combat Cross was first awarded July 19, 1934, to six members of the police department for heroic service in the previous year. More than two hundred members of the New York Police Department have been awarded the Police Combat Cross.
Linga is almost completely round, with a central peak. It lies between the mouths of Olna Firth and Gon Firth on the west coast of the Shetland Mainland. To the north is Delting on the Mainland, and the Mainland is also to the south and east. Papa Little is to the south west, and Mavis Grind to the north.
The island is composed of gneiss and schist, with some quartzite and pelite. Its landscape is one of rough grass and heather.
QE2  is the sixth studio album by Mike Oldfield, released in 1980 on Virgin Records. The album was named after the ocean liner Queen Elizabeth 2.
The album contained both original Oldfield compositions as well as two cover version of pieces recorded by other bands ("Arrival" by ABBA and "Wonderful Land" by The Shadows).
Though only reaching number twelve on the German album charts, the album became the best-selling album of 1981 in Germany.
The longest tracks on the album are "Taurus I" and the title track, "QE2", lasting 10 minutes and 7 minutes respectively. Some years later The Shadows responded to Oldfield's cover of "Wonderful Land", by releasing a cover of Oldfield's "Moonlight Shadow". The cover songs were released as singles.
"Molly" was made for his daughter, Molly Oldfield, who would later play keyboards on The Songs of Distant Earth and play a part in the Songs for Survival project.
The European Adventure Tour 1981, which ran from March to August of that year, was in promotion of the album.
On the original vinyl label of the album, the title piece, "QE2" is listed as two tracks, "QE2" by Oldfield/Hentschel and "QE2 Finale" by Oldfield, but gives their running time as a single piece.
The album was re-released by Mercury Records on 30 July 2012. This came as part of a deal in which Oldfield's Virgin albums were transferred to the label. It was released on the same day as Platinum and a year after the last Universal reissue of Incantations.
The first disc is the original recording remastered with bonus material, and the second disc (available in the deluxe edition) is a live concert recorded at the time of the album's original release. The concert was recorded in April 1981 in Essen during Oldfield's European Adventure Tour.
She finished 10th at the 2001 World Championships in Edmonton, fourth at the 2005 European Indoor Athletics Championships in Madrid and 10th at the 2005 World Championships in Helsinki.
This biographical article about a German pole vaulter is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The men's flyweight is a competition featured at the 2017 World Taekwondo Championships, and was held at the Taekwondowon in Muju County, South Korea on June 27 and June 28. Flyweights were limited to a maximum of 58 kilograms in body mass.
The council is made up of 12 council members, who were elected by proportional representation at the municipal election held on 7 June 2009, and the honorary mayor as chairman.
Walsdorf's mayor is Horst Well; the representative from the outlying centre of Zilsdorf is Helmut Hohn.
The municipality's arms might in English heraldic language be described thus: Argent a bend sinister gules charged with three cinquefoils Or pierced azure, the whole between an annulet and a fleur-de-lis, both of the second.
Worthy of note are the Walsdorfer Trockenmaar, a dried-up maar, the lava quarry in the south of Walsdorf and the volcanic crater Arensberg (also called Arnulphusberg) in the north.
Olivier Meslay is the Hardymon Director of the Clark Art Institute. He is the fifth director of the Clark.
From 2009 to 2016 he served as associate director of curatorial affairs, senior curator of European and American art, and The Barbara Thomas Lemmon Curator of European Art at the Dallas Museum of Art (DMA).  In 2016, he became the fifth director of the Clark Art Institute.
Fast Friends is a novel by British author Jill Mansell, about three school friends reunited after several years apart.
Jill Mansell first had the idea for the book after reading an article in a magazine about women who had changed their lives by becoming best-selling authors. Eventually she decided to write the kind of book "I would love to read". The end result was Fast Friends.
A cloud base (or the base of the cloud) is the lowest altitude of the visible portion of a cloud. It is traditionally expressed either in metres or feet above mean sea level or above a planetary surface, or as the pressure level corresponding to this altitude in hectopascals (hPa, equivalent to the millibar).
The height of the cloud base can be measured using a ceilometer. This device reflects a beam of light off the cloud base and then calculates its distance using either triangulation or travel time.
Alternatively, the cloud base can be estimated from surface measurements of air temperature and humidity by calculating the lifted condensation level. One method for doing this, used by the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration and often named after Tom Bradbury, is as follows:
In well-defined air masses, many (or even most) clouds may have a similar cloud base because this variable is largely controlled by the thermodynamic properties of that air mass, which are relatively homogeneous on a large spatial scale. This is not the case for the cloud tops, which can vary widely from cloud to cloud, as the depth of the cloud is determined by the strength of local convection.
Cloud base is an important meteorological variable for aviation safety, as it determines whether pilots may use visual flight rules (VFR) or instrument flight rules for take-off and landing.
The Turtle is the name of two supervillains appearing in comic books published by DC Comics, who were primarily enemies of the Flash.
Two versions of the Turtle made their live action debut on The Flash, portrayed by Aaron Douglas and Vanessa Walsh.
The second Turtle (the Turtle Man) appears in Showcase #4 and was created by Robert Kanigher and Carmine Infantino.
The original Turtle is a 1940s villain who uses tricks of slowness in battle with the Golden Age Flash (Jay Garrick). His main weapon is slow, deliberate planning. After a few clashes with the Flash, the Turtle fades from the public scene.
Years later, the Turtle Man carries on his legacy. After the debut of the third Flash (Wally West) in recent years, the original Turtle returns, now with the younger Turtle Man as his henchman, to take over Keystone City from underground. A final clash with Wally and his allies results in the Turtle destroying his own headquarters and apparently himself with it.
Later, the Turtle Man reappears again, seemingly cured from his severe injuries and having developed the ability to 'steal' speed, slowing down others around him to a crawl no matter how fast they were moving.
During the Infinite Crisis, the Turtle Man is part of the Secret Society of Super Villains led by Alexander Luthor Jr. (posing as Lex Luthor), using his speed-stealing abilities to negate the power of speedsters and thus make it harder for the heroes to track the Society.
He experimented with this energy force for decades, discovering he could negate any form of motion, including the progression of life. Eventually he became disillusioned with human life as he knew that he would outlive everyone he loved, this led him to kill his family with his powers as he saw them as a needless distraction from his work. Eventually he began going by the name "Turtle", most likely because of the motion negating powers he now possessed.
In the pages of Flash Forward, Jai West is a manifestation of Wally West's fear of not being able to see his family again that was born in the Dark Multiverse. He is the twin brother of Irey West and was emigrated to Earth 0 by Wally.
In the Watchmen sequel Doomsday Clock, Doctor Manhattan's vision of a possible future says that Jai will become a superhero called the Turtle.
The Turtle Man wears a device that enables him to project a force field which can stop bullets. His shell is also body armor which can expand to cover his head and also has some jets in it. The Turtle Man also has a ray device that he uses to make people move slower, as well as a laser gun that causes the optic nerves of a person to see everything moving faster than they are.
Overseas Police Adviser Peter Craig interviews a Rio, Brazil diamond dealer to investigate the source of unusual stone samples that have appeared at the International Diamond Institute in London. In the course of a social engagement, Craig encounters and quarrels with Graben, a violent and corrupt engineer that he arrested while working in West Africa. Graben is accompanied by the Alcidia.
That evening, Craig survives an assassination attempt. When the police are called, they reveal that the diamond dealer has been murdered. The police agree to question Graben, who has disappeared. The investigation leads into a nearby favela, then to a gold mine near Belo Horizonte, which is owned by Alcidia's father. Alcidia and Craig meet at the mine's Casa Grande, and discover they are attracted to one another. Alcidia instructs Craig on how best to infiltrate the mine.
Craig wakes up to discover that de Sa has taken his evidence against Graben and is covering up the murders to draw attention away from Alcidia and Craig, but insists Craig leaves the country. Craig and Alcidia arrange to meet in London, but the novel ends on a sour note as both realise their romance will have to end before it has begun.
See guidelines for writing about novels. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.
Pelechuco Municipality is the second municipal section of the Franz Tamayo Province in the  La Paz Department, Bolivia. IN 2001 it had apopulation of 5,115. Its seat is Pelechuco.
The municipality is bordered to the north by the Apolo Municipality, to the east by the Apolo and Curva Municipalities, to the south by the Curva and Charazani Municipalities and to the west by Peru.
 Pattar Kalan is a village in Jalandhar district, Punjab, India situated on kapurthla to Kartarpur road. Its pincode is 144806.
This article related to a location in Jalandhar district, Punjab, India is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
American Dad!'s eighth season debuted on the Fox network on September 25, 2011, and concluded on May 13, 2012.
On February 23, 2011, it was announced that the series had been renewed for an eighth production cycle.
Also, the hurricane-themed crossover episode titled "Hurricane!" with The Cleveland Show and Family Guy would have aired the previous season but was postponed due to the 2011 Super Outbreak in the Southern United States. It later aired on October 2, 2011.
Stan tries to protect his family from a hurricane that's hitting Langley Falls, but every increasingly poor decision Stan makes endangers the family more than the actual storm.
All eighteen episodes of the eighth season was released on DVD by 20th Century Fox in Region 2 on August 5, 2013, in Region 4 on August 21, 2013, and in Region 1 on September 24, 2013. This 3-disc box set includes all 18 episodes of Season 8, along with commentaries on select episodes, deleted scenes, and "Stan's Booty Dance."
Fudbalski klub Blue Star is a Montenegrin football club based in Masline, a suburb of Capital Podgorica. Founded in 2002, they currently compete in Montenegrin Third League.
Since 2002, FK Blue Star is using Stadion Masline as their home ground. Stadium is a part of Military of Montenegro complex in Podgorica suburb Masline.
Anatinomma alveolatum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Bates in 1892.
The Owl's Head Historic District is a residential area located on the west side of Des Moines, Iowa, United States. Among its 50 buildings is the former Iowa governor's mansion. The district has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1978.
St. Petersburg College (SPC) is a public college in Pinellas County, Florida. It is part of the Florida College System and one of the institutions in the system designated a "state college," as it offers a greater number of bachelor's degrees than traditional community colleges focused on associate degrees. It is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools and enrolled about 29,000 students in the fall of 2018.
The school was founded in 1927 as a private junior college, the first in Florida. It later became a public institution and grew to include campuses throughout Pinellas County. Today it has eleven campuses and centers: four in St. Petersburg, Florida and seven in Seminole, Pinellas Park, Largo, Clearwater, and Tarpon Springs.
Both the Student Services building on the St Petersburg/Gibbs Campus and the Natural Science, Mathematics and College of Education Building on the Clearwater Campus were both recently awarded LEED Gold Certification. The two buildings mark the first LEED Gold higher education buildings in Pinellas County.
St. Petersburg College is partnered with the Multijurisdictional Counterdrug Task Force Training (MCTFT) and the Florida Army National Guard in counter-drug efforts. In partnership with St. Petersburg College, the MCTFT provides unique, tuition-free military and counter-drug training for local, state, federal, and military criminal justice professionals as well as awareness training for community leaders.
St. Petersburg College is also partnered with the Combating Transnational Organized Crime (CTOC) Center of Excellence (COE). The CTOC COE provides unique, tuition-free CTOC training in support of Department of Defense strategies. The CTOC COE has campuses on Camp Blanding Joint Training Center near Starke, Florida, at St. Petersburg College in St. Petersburg, Florida, and on Camp Murray near Tacoma, Washington.
The following notable drugs are of investigational interest as potential antidepressants but are not formally under clinical development for approval at this time:
On August 20, 2017, she announced both on her blog and YouTube channel that she married someone outside the voice acting business on August 16, 2017.
The song was first released as a 7" single, limited to 1500 copies through Love Train on November 4, 1996. The artwork featured on the sleeve of the 7" is by Neale Smith.
WJWZ, also known as 97.9 Jamz, is an urban contemporary formatted radio station that serves the Montgomery Metropolitan Area, broadcasting on the FM band at a frequency of 97.9 MHz and licensed to Wetumpka, Alabama. The station is locally owned and operated by Bluewater Broadcasting Company, LLC. The station's transmitter is located in Montgomery. The station's studios are located on Wall St. in Midtown Montgomery.
Local on-air personalities include Michelle C, Doughboy, and Frank White. WJWZ also participates in Montgomery rating survey by Arbitron (Market #150) and is monitored by Mediabase.  It is the home of Tom Joyner in the mornings as of October 2013, after crosstown urban WWMG dropped him for Steve Harvey.  Joyner replaces Russ Parr after five years, whom in turn replaced Doug Banks on the station.
Vision Communications, Ltd. received the original construction permit to build a new 3,700 watt FM station at 97.9 MHz from the Federal Communications Commission on May 28, 1996. This construction permit was transferred from Vision Communications, Ltd. to Vision Communications, Ltd. II in April 1997. The new station was assigned the call letters WICE by the FCC on July 7, 1997.
In April 1998, control of permit holder Vision Communications, Ltd. II was transferred from Philip L. Williams to Montgomery Broadcast Properties, Ltd. On April 4, 1998, the station applied to the FCC for program test authority which was finally granted on July 24, 1998. The station's call letters were changed to the current WJWZ on April 24, 1998. The transfer to Montgomery Broadcast Properties, Ltd., was approved by the FCC on June 19, 1998.
In August 1998, Vision Communications, Ltd. II applied to assign the permit outright to Montgomery Broadcast Properties, Ltd. The transfer was approved by the FCC on September 16, 1998 and the transaction was consummated on September 22, 1998.
In March 2004, Montgomery Broadcast Properties Ltd. (Allan Stroh, CEO) reached an agreement to sell this station to Bluewater Broadcasting LLC.  The sale was part of a multi-company four-station deal valued at a reported $15.3 million.  The deal was approved by the FCC on April 21, 2004, and the transaction was consummated on June 21, 2004.  At the time of the sale, WJWZ was broadcasting a Hip hop format.
WJWZ broadcasts with a 5 kW Harris transmitter into a 2-Bay Shively Labs High-Power 6810 non-directional antenna. While the station is non-directional, it must protect to the northeast per FCC rules section 73.215 (contour protection).
Progress M-26 launched on 15 February 1995 from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan. It used a Soyuz-U rocket.
Progress M-26 docked with the aft port of the Kvant-1 module of Mir on 17 February 1995 at 18:21:34 UTC, and was undocked on 15 March 1995 at 02:26:38 UTC.
It remained in orbit until 15 March 1995, when it was deorbited. The deorbit burn occurred at 05:28 UTC and the mission ended at 06:15 UTC.
This article about one or more spacecraft of the Russian Federation is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Premier League introduced a cap on the number of players in a squad. From this season onwards, clubs had to declare a squad of no more than 25 players when the summer transfer window shuts, and then again at the end of the January transfer window. Players aged 21 and under could be selected without being registered in the 25.
Also being introduced this season was the "home grown players" rule, which aims to encourage the development of young footballers at Premier League clubs. The new rule required clubs to name at least eight players in their squad of 25 players that have been registered domestically for a minimum of three seasons prior to their 21st birthday.
Note: Flags indicate national team as has been defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players and Managers may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Nike produced a new match ball, the Nike Total 90 Tracer, which was electric blue, black and white during the autumn and spring. A high-visibility version in yellow was released for the winter. Additionally, Umbro provided officials with new kits in black, lime green, yellow, red and cyan blue for the season. Tune Ventures, parent company of Air Asia, took over as sponsor of the referee kits for the next three seasons.
She met German historian Leopold Ranke in Paris in July 1843. They were engaged in London, and married in October 1843 at Bowness-on-Windermere, England. The couple had three sons, one of whom died in infancy, and one daughter. The son of her brother Charles, Alfred Perceval Graves, married her great-grand-niece Amelie Elisabeth Sophie von Ranke. Her husband was later ennobled and the family name became "von Ranke".
Ranke suffered with poor health for a number of years, which resulted in her developing an interest in nursing and medical issues. She met Florence Nightingale, and became involved in programmes assisting wounded soldiers. She died in Berlin on 20 April 1871, and is buried at Friedhof II der Sophiengemeinde Berlin.
Centerville is a city in Leon County, in the U.S. state of Texas. The population was 892 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Leon County.
Centerville was so named as it is near the geographic center of Leon County. However, it is also coincidentally located nearly midway between Dallas and Houston.
Centerville became the county seat of Leon County in 1850.  It was originally built on 200 acres donated by Robert J Townes and D.C. Carrington.
At the 2000 census, 903 people, 388 households, and 230 families  were living in the city. The population density was 620.9 people per square mile (240.4/km2). The 464 housing units had an average density of 319.0/sq mi (123.6/km2).  The racial makeup of the city was 75.30% White, 21.82% African American, 0.33% Native American, 0.22% Asian, 1.66% from other races, and 0.66% from two or more races. Hispanics or Latinos of any race were 1.99%.
Of the 388 households, 25.3% had children under  18 living with them, 46.4% were married couples living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.5% were not families. About 38.1% of households were one person, and 22.9% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.17, and the average family size was 2.89.
The age distribution was 22.1% under 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 22.6% from 25 to 44, 25.0% from 45 to 64, and 23.9% 65 or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 77.5 males.
The median  income for a household was $25,677 and for a family was  was $35,278. Males had a median income of $38,125 versus $19,167 for females. The per capita income for the city was $15,469. About 14.9% of families and 19.1% of the population were below the poverty line, including 19.7% of those under age 18 and 20.9% of those age 65 or over.
Foreign advisor and naturalized Chinese citizen Israel Epstein was editor-in-chief of China Today from 1948, and later returned to China at the request of Soong Ching-ling. The magazine was renamed China Today in 1990. China Today is usually published the first week of the month. The editors usually showcase what they characterize as the growing modernization and development which has happened in China since 1949.
The novelist, playwright and translator Gao Xingjian, who received the Nobel Prize in Literature in 2001, worked in the magazine as the chief of its French edition from 1975 to 1977. The actor, translator and politician Ying Ruocheng briefly worked for the English edition of the magazine in the 1960s. He went on to serve as China's vice minister of culture in the 1980s and played a supporting role in the 1987 Oscar-winning film The Last Emperor.
This article relating to a magazine connected with culture is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
See tips for writing articles about magazines. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.
The book puts forward a large number of interface design suggestions, from fairly trivial ones to radical ones. The overriding theme is that current computer interfaces are often poor and set up users to fail, as a result of poor planning (or lack of planning) by programmers and a lack of understanding of how people actually use software.
Raskin often refers to the computer he designed, the Canon Cat, as an example of a system that implemented the various measures he advocates; the Canon Cat is often considered the first information appliance. Many of the ideas presented in  the Canon Cat and The Humane Interface were later adopted by Raskin in his Archy project, and later by his son Aza.
Raskin includes a chapter demonstrating four models of quantifying the efficiency of a software interface: the GOMS keystroke model, Raskin's own efficiency measure, Fitts' law and Hick's law. All are intended to minimize the amount of time required for the user to perform any specific task.
Habituation is an important concept driving Raskin's guidelines, intended to free the user's mind from attention to low-level interaction details. A modeless interface, monotony of design and elimination of blocking warnings are all intended to favor habit-forming reactions to interface handling.
Raskin also advocates a document-centered approach to computer interfaces that entails several radical changes to the current nature of operating systems and software:
Raskin further asserts that interface design should be subject to regulation, analogous to building codes. This could be done by establishing legal safeguards to protect consumers from harm; and establishing professional guidelines and standards to evaluate good practice and interface quality.
This article about a Member of the European Parliament for the Czech Republic is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article on a Roman Catholic cathedral in France is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Storo is a neighborhood in the boroughs of Sagene and Nordre Aker in Oslo, Norway. It is located east of Nydalen, south-west of Grefsen and north of Sandaker. In addition to block housing, it hosts the Storo Storsenter shopping center. There are also many car dealerships in the area. The Ring 3 trunk road runs through Storo, and the area is served by Storo station on the Oslo T-bane and Oslo Tramway.
The farm was divided into two parts around 1550 AD: Storo ("Store O") and Lillo ("Lille O" - lille means 'little').
Catskin is an English fairy tale collected by Joseph Jacobs, in More English Fairy Tales. Marian Roalfe Cox, in her pioneering study of Cinderella, identified as one of the basic types, the Unnatural Father, contrasting with Cinderella itself and Cap O' Rushes.
There once was a lord who had many fine estates and who wished to leave them to a son. When a daughter is born to him instead, he is very unhappy and will not even look at her.
When she is fifteen, her father is willing to marry her off to the first man who offers.  When she hates the first man who offers, she goes to a hen-wife, who advises her to demand a coat of silver cloth before the wedding.  When her father and suitor provide that, the hen-wife advises a coat of beaten gold, and then a coat made from feathers of all the birds, and then a little coat of catskin.
The daughter puts on the Catskin coat and runs away, disguising herself as a peasant girl.  She finds a place as a scullion at a castle and works in the kitchens.
When a ball is held at the castle, the daughter, called "Catskin" by the others in the kitchen, asks to be allowed to attend.  The cook is amused at her request and throws a basin of water in her face, but Catskin bathes and dresses herself in the coat of silver cloth, and goes to the ball.  The young lord falls in love with her, but when he asks where she came from, she only replies from the Sign of the Basin of Water.
The young lord holds another ball, in hopes she will attend.  The cook breaks a ladle across Catskin's back when she says she would like to go, but Catskin goes in her coat of beaten gold, and when the lord again asks where she is from, Catskin replies that she came from the Sign of the Broken Ladle.
The young lord holds a third ball.  The cook breaks a skimmer across Catskin's back when she asks permission to attend, but Catskin goes in her coat of feathers, and says she came from the Sign of the Broken Skimmer.  The young lord follows her, and sees her change into her catskin coat.
The young lord goes to his mother and announces that he will marry Catskin.  His mother is opposed, and the young lord, so distraught, takes ill. His mother then agrees to the marriage.  When Catskin appears before her in the coat of gold, the mother says she is glad her daughter-in-law is so beautiful.
Soon, Catskin gives birth to a son.  One day, a beggar woman appears with her child, and Catskin sends her son to give them money.  The cook says that beggars' brats will get along, and Catskin goes to her husband and begs him to discover what happened to her parents.
Her husband finds her father, who never had another child and lost his wife, and asks him whether he had a daughter.  Catskin's father tells the lord that he had a daughter, and says that he would give all that he owns to see her again.  Catskin's husband takes her father to see his daughter and then brings him to stay with them at the castle.
In some versions of the tale, Catskin asks to simply see the ball or serve the food, and not actually attend it.
This is an unusual form of 510B, in which normally the threatened marriage is to the father as in Donkeyskin or Allerleirauh. The oldest documented version is in a Swedish MS c. 1600, Roalfe Cox no 98. 
Tattercoats is a similar variant, in which a grandfather neglects his granddaughter because her mother died in childbirth.
Patrick Kennedy collected an Irish variant titled The Princess in the Cat-Skins and cited it as a variant of German tale Allerleirauh and Italian The She-Bear.
A literary treatment of the tale exists in The True Annals of Fairy-Land in The Reign of King Cole, titled The Princess in Disguise, where the princess is also called Cat-skin.
SN 2003H was a supernova that appeared halfway between the colliding NGC 2207 and IC 2163 galaxies. It was discovered on January 8, 2003, by the Lick Observatory and Tenagra Supernova Searches (LOTOSS).
"No Worries" is a song by English production trio Disciples and French house music producer and disc jockey (DJ) David Guetta. The song was released as a digital download on 15 April 2016. The song has peaked at number 90 on the Australian Singles Chart. The song was written by David Guetta, Nathan Duvall, Gavin Koolman, Luke McDermott, Curtis Richardson, Daniel Amell, Frederic Riesterer, and Ralph Wegner, while vocals are by Curtis Richa.
The GWA Mazda Tennis Classic was a men's tennis tournament played in Brisbane, Australia from 1983 to 1985.  The event was part of the Grand Prix tennis circuit and was held on indoor carpet courts.
Several Christian churches have existed at the site over the centuries. Since the 16th century, the site of the tomb has been occupied by the al-Uzair Mosque. The adjacent Roman Catholic Church of Saint Lazarus, built between 1952 and 1955 under the auspices of the Franciscan Order, stands upon the site of several much older ones. In 1965, a Greek Orthodox church was built just west of the tomb.
The Lazarium consisted of the church (to the east of the site), the tomb of Lazarus (to the west), and an open space between the two which probably served as an atrium. The church was in the form of a three-aisle basilica. The apse, in a solid rectangular block shape, was at the east end. A sacristy on each side opened into the aisles.
After the fall of Jerusalem in 1187, the nuns of the convent went into exile. The new west church was most likely destroyed at this time, with only the tomb and barrel vaulting surviving. The 6th century church and tower were also heavily damaged at this time but remained standing. The village seems to have been abandoned thereafter, though a visitor in 1347 mentioned Greek monks attending the tomb chapel.
The entrance to the tomb today is via a flight of uneven rock-cut steps from the street. As it was described in 1896, there were twenty-four steps from the then-modern street level, leading to a square chamber serving as a place of prayer, from which more steps led to a lower chamber believed to be the tomb of Lazarus. The same description applies today.
Three steps connect the antechamber with the inner burial chamber (which measures a little more than two square metres in size). It contains three funerary niches (arcosolia), now mostly hidden by the Crusader masonry. One tradition places the tomb of Lazarus to the right of the entrance, which was formerly closed by a horizontal stone. Tradition also says that Jesus was standing in this antechamber when he called Lazarus from the grave.
By 1384, a simple mosque had been built on the site of the existing structures. In the 16th century, the Ottomans built the larger al-Uzair Mosque to serve the town's (now Muslim) inhabitants and named it in honor of the town's patron saint, Lazarus of Bethany. The construction utilized the surviving barrel vaulting of the former west church. Its courtyard is in the Byzantine church atrium.
In 1965, a modern Greek Orthodox church was built just west of the Tomb.  Its construction incorporates the north wall of the former medieval Benedictine chapel. Nearby the church are ruins that belong to the Orthodox Patriarchate and are traditionally identified either as the House of Simon the Leper or Lazarus.
German submarine U-241 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. Four days into her first patrol, she shot down an attacking flying boat but was sunk with all hands the next day.
An order was placed for U-241 on 10 April 1941 and construction began on 4 September 1942 at Germaniawerft, Kiel, as yard number 675. She was launched the following year on 25 June 1943 and commissioned under the command of Oberleutnant zur See Arno Werr a month later on 24 July.
U-241 began training with the 5th U-boat Flotilla on 24 July 1943, the day that the U-boat was commissioned . U-241 remained with the 5th U-boat Flotilla until 31 March 1944, when her training was complete.
U-241 began the first and only patrol of her career on 1 April 1944. She was assigned as a front (operational) boat to the 3rd U-boat Flotilla and left her original home port of Kiel on 23 April of that year. She arrived in Kristiansand in occupied Norway the next day, on 24 April. On 30 April, U-241 left Kristiansand for her new home port of Bergen, which she arrived at on 4 May 1944. On 13 May, U-241 left Norway for the North Sea.
Although U-241 defended herself on that occasion, she was attacked with depth charges by another Catalina, this time from 210 Squadron, the following day. This resulted in the sinking of the submarine with the loss of all 51 crew members.
According to a book Steuermann durch Krieg und Frieden ('Helmsman through War and Peace') by Hans Schmid, the author and two other men survived the sinking, were rescued and taken prisoner. All sources for 'uboat.net' state that there were no survivors.
This biographical article relating to alpine skiing in Canada is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Maria Psoinos holds a PhD and an MPhil in Social Psychology from Cambridge University, UK, and a BSc in Psychology from Aristotle University of Thessaloniki, Greece.
  This is a list of international prime ministerial trips made by Jacinda Ardern, the 40th Prime Minister of New Zealand. As of November 2021[update], Jacinda Ardern has made seventeen international trips to nineteen sovereign countries, two associated states and one dependent territory of New Zealand, since her premiership began on 26 October 2017.
The Fourth Federal Electoral District of Coahuila (IV Distrito Electoral Federal de Coahuila) is one of the 300 Electoral Districts. Mexico is divided for elections to the federal Chamber of Deputies and one of seven such districts in Coahuila.
It elects one deputy to the lower house of Congress for each three-year legislative period using the first past the post system.
The district's head town (cabecera distrital), where results from individual polling stations are gathered together and collated, is the city of Saltillo.
"Goodnight Goodnight" is a song by American pop rock band Maroon 5 from their second studio album It Won't Be Soon Before Long (2007). The song was written by frontman Adam Levine and produced by the band with Mike Elizondo and Mark "Spike" Stent. It is the fifth and final single from the album and it received some airplay in Brazil and reached the top spot on the Hong Kong singles chart before its official release.
It has been released as a promo CD single and as a digital download in the United Kingdom. The intro guitar for the song bears a resemblance to intro for 3 Doors Down's "Kryptonite" (2000).
A remix version of this song by Deerhoof, was included on Call and Response: The Remix Album (2008).
The song was scheduled to be the fourth single from the album, as the video had already been shot. The label however, decided to re-record the song "If I Never See Your Face Again", with additional vocals by Rihanna.
The song was released in Brazil on November 2008 and in the United Kingdom, as a digital download, with a specially designed Maroon 5 wall clock with every pre-order.
The music video is directed by Marc Webb and premiered on Yahoo! Music on August 21, 2008. Candace Bailey stars in the video along with Adam Levine. It was filmed in January 2008, at Santa Monica, California. In Brazil, the video premiered on October 18, on Top TVZ as the Bonus Track and received regular play. The video was made available to download digitally via iTunes.
The video was represented in split screen and the storyline is based on a "before and after" story, which leads Levine and Bailey to a beautiful love story.
The video begins where Levine walks into a store and sees Bailey at work. The pair meet for the first time, taking an interest in each other and Levine and Bailey then leave the shop together. The next scene shows Levine and Bailey beginning to date as they talk in his car one night. After which, the pair are shown lying in bed, sharing an intimate moment. Intercut with the scenes are Levine and the Maroon 5 band mates performing the song in various locations.
A remorseful Levine is shown reminiscing over the moments that happened when he and Bailey were together. The next scenes show Levine running around the beach with his pet dog and thinking things over, as one of his band mates Jesse Carmichael who surf along the waves. The last scenes show Bailey in the workplace when she sees Levine standing outside and she smiles. Levine then goes into the store to talk to her and the pair reconcile as the song fades out.
Maroon 5 performed "Goodnight Goodnight", at the 2008 The CW Upfront event in Lincoln Center, New York City on May 13, 2008.
As a promotion, the song appeared on the network's fall 2008 advertisement. The band also performed "Goodnight Goodnight" in the television series CSI: NY, where they guest starred in the fifth season episode "Page Turner".
Unless noted otherwise, all words listed here are assumed to be pluralized by adding -s or -es. References in the "Sources" column relate to the headword in column one; variant spellings are then separately referenced. The sources given are selective, and the absence of a reference to a particular dictionary does not necessarily mean that the word does not appear in that dictionary.
In American and Canadian English, there are currently 4,422 words with Q and no U including the following words in the table below.
In many word games, notably in Scrabble, a player must build a word using a certain set of letters.  If a player is obliged to use a q but does not have a u, it may be possible to play words from this list. Not all words in this list are acceptable in Scrabble tournament games. Scrabble tournaments around the world use their own sets of words from selected dictionaries that may not contain all the words listed here.
Qi is the most commonly played word in Scrabble tournaments, and was added to the official North American word list in 2006.
Other words listed in this article, such as suq, umiaq or qiviut, are also acceptable, but since these contain a u, they are less likely to be useful in the situation described.
The 1961 census recorded Para Khurd as comprising 5 hamlets, with a total population of 790 people (402 male and 388 female), in 185 households and 166 physical houses. The area of the village was given as 697 acres.
The 1981 census recorded Para Khurd as having a population of 1,138 people, in 231 households, and having an area of 289.35 hectares.
Although accidental fire were regular occurrences, some blazes were so devastating that they were afterwards identified as "great;" and these larger fires were more specifically identified by reference to the Japanese era name in which the blaze occurred; as in what came to be known as "the Great Hoei Fire"  of 1708.
Maracle's artwork has been included in numerous group exhibitions since the mid/late 1970s, including the group exhibition "Oh So Iroquois", curated by Ryan Rice for The Ottawa Art Gallery.
The park also contains playgrounds, a mini-zoo and cafes, all containing relics of the Soviet era. On special occasions actors stage re-enactments of various Soviet-sponsored festivals.
According to The Economist, "As countries grapple with their unsavoury pasts and consider the rightful place of their controversial monuments, the park offers an alternative model to museums or destruction."
The tiger shrike or thick-billed shrike (Lanius tigrinus) is a small passerine bird which belongs to the genus Lanius in the shrike family, Laniidae. It is found in wooded habitats across eastern Asia. It is a shy, often solitary bird which is less conspicuous than most other shrikes. Like other shrikes it is predatory, feeding on small animals. Its nest is built in a tree and three to six eggs are laid.
It derives its name from the tiger-like pattern of its upperparts which are reddish-brown with dark bars. Adult males have white underparts and a grey head with a black mask. Females and young birds are duller and browner and young birds lack the grey and black on the head.
Its song is a musical warbling. It has a variety of harsh calls including a loud, repeated territorial call, a chattering alarm call and a softer trilling call. It often calls from within cover but territorial males call from a prominent perch.
Vagrant birds have occurred in Hong Kong and the Philippines. In Australia, a dead bird which may have arrived on a ship was once found near Fremantle and a bird was seen on Christmas Island in April 2008.
It has a wide distribution and a fairly large population and is not considered threatened with BirdLife International classing it as least concern. However it has declined recently in Japan and Russia. In Japan, it is now uncommon and local but was formerly common and occurred in the suburbs of Tokyo.
It feeds mainly on insects, particularly grasshoppers, crickets, beetles, bugs, butterflies and moths. It also takes other arthropods and small birds and lizards. It typically hunts from a perch at the forest edge, perching less conspicuously than many other shrikes. It also forages among branches and leaves to find prey.
The breeding season lasts from May to July. Pairs form during northward migration or soon after arrival on the breeding grounds and are monogamous. Courting males perch by the female, bowing the body up and down and moving the head from side to side while uttering a soft subsong, a more subdued version of the normal song. They also perform a fast display-flight while calling.
 Ermington, an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of New South Wales was created in 1991 and abolished in 1999.
The women's' teams classification diving event at the 2019 Summer Universiade was contested between 2 and 8 July 2019 at the Mostra d'Oltremare in Naples, Italy.
Joining Fulham from Ashfield in 1910, he spent 16 years at the club, making a total of 355 league appearances, scoring 35 goals. A utility forward, he played in four different attacking positions for the "Cottagers". For almost the entirety of his time at Craven Cottage, the club were in the Second Division and led by Phil Kelso. Andy Ducat was in charge from 1924 to 1926.
Torrance worked as a ships' boilermaker in Scotland during the First World War. He later worked for a telephone company and died of cancer in July 1949.
On July 18, 2008, Niyi Osundare paid tribute to Besong with a speech given during the 2008 EduArt Awards for Cameroonian Literature in English.
In 1992, shortly after his play Beasts of No Nation was staged, Besong was kidnapped and tortured by state security agents who took him to an unknown location from where he was later released when news of his kidnapping became public. In 1992 he won the Association of Nigerian Authors' Prize for Requiem for the Last Kaiser. Besong later obtained a PhD in Literary Studies from Calabar (Nigeria).
Xinjiang People's Broadcasting Station (XJBS) consists of radio broadcasting to the Xinjiang province area. It is operated by the Xinjiang Networking Transmission Limited in Mandarin, Uyghur, Kazakh, Kyrgyz and Mongolian languages.
This article related to radio stations in the People's Republic of China is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
David Stewart Rathie (born 29 May 1951) is a former Australian sportsperson who represented the Wallabies in rugby union and played first-class cricket with both Queensland in the Sheffield Shield and Canterbury in the Shell Trophy.
An articled clerk by profession, Rathie moved to Sydney to work but was also capped three times for the New South Wales Waratahs in 1978.
Radio A is a Bosnian local commercial radio station, broadcasting from Banja Luka, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
This radio station broadcasts a variety of programs such as music, talk show and local news. The owner of the radio station is ATV.
Alternativna TV bought Radio Igokea, which was owned by Gorica Dodik, the daughter of Milorad Dodik, and the Igokea Basketball Club. This radio, which was previously renamed "Agape", will operate as "A radio" in the future.
Evans was born on June 29, 1866, in Ottawa, Illinois. His siblings included Lynden Evans. He graduated from the United States Military Academy in 1887 and was commissioned into the 22nd Infantry Regiment.
After Evans's promotion to the rank of brigadier general on August 5, 1917, he became the commander of 152nd Infantry Brigade, 76th Division at Fort Devens. He traveled to France due to World War I and commanded 156th Infantry Brigade, 78th Division. In October he was assigned to command 55th Infantry Brigade, 28th Division. Evans reverted to his permanent rank of colonel on November 27, 1918, and he retired from the army in 1924. Congress restored his brigadier general rank in June 1930.
Evans died at Walter Reed Army Medical Center on May 1, 1953. He is buried at Arlington National Cemetery.
In 1893, Evans married Winona Anderson, who died in 1925. In 1927 he married Sarah Page. With his second wife, Evans was the father of a daughter, Eleanor.
The Verhoeff algorithm is a checksum formula for error detection developed by the Dutch mathematician Jacobus Verhoeff and was first published in 1969.  It was the first decimal check digit algorithm which detects all single-digit errors, and all transposition errors involving two adjacent digits, which was at the time thought impossible with such a code.
The phonetic errors in particular showed linguistic effects, because in Dutch, numbers are typically read in pairs; and also while 50 sounds similar to 15 in Dutch, 80 doesn't sound like 18.
Taking six-digit numbers as an example, Verhoeff reported the following classification of the errors:.
This is more properly considered a family of algorithms, as there are other permutations possible, and discussed in Verhoeff's treatment. He notes that this particular permutation,
The strengths of the algorithm are that it detects all transliteration and transposition errors, and additionally most twin, twin jump, jump transposition and phonetic errors.
The main weakness of the Verhoeff algorithm is its complexity. The calculations required cannot easily be expressed as a formula. Lookup tables are required for easy calculation. A similar code is the Damm algorithm, which has similar qualities.
The Verhoeff algorithm can be implemented using three tables: a multiplication table d, an inverse table inv, and a permutation table p.
The inverse table inv represents the multiplicative inverse of a digit, that is, the value that satisfies d(j, inv(j)) = 0.
This article related to the moth subfamily Teleiodini is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Diane Archie, formerly Diane Thom, is a Canadian politician in the Northwest Territories. She is a member of the Legislative Assembly of the Northwest Territories and the current Deputy Premier of the Northwest Territories. 
Archie was first elected in the 2019 election. She represents the electoral district of Inuvik Boot Lake, and she was elected to territorial cabinet by her member colleagues on October 24, 2019. She was appointed Deputy Premier, as well as Minister of Health and Social Services, Minister Responsible for the Status of Women, and Minister Responsible for People with Disabilities.
This article about a Northwest Territories politician is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
It can be either a feminine or a masculine name. It is a variation of many other types of spellings of the name Lyndsay, including the more well-known spelling Lindsay, as well as "Lindsey", "Linsey", "Lynsey", "Lyndsy", "Lyndsey", "Lynzee", and "Linzi".
The old Roman name for the city of Lincoln was Lindum Colonia, a name which harked back to the older Celtic name of "Lindon" which meant "the pool". Thus the etymology of the name is inextricably linked with the city of Lincoln in the UK. It is widely thought to originate from a twelfth-century family name in Lincolnshire, England, most notably Sir Walter de Lindeseya, a Norman knight who accompanied King David I upon his return to Scotland in 1124.
The replacement of the "i" by a "y" is a matter of spelling preference, since in English both create the same pronunciation of the name. This may be chosen for either the aesthetic appeal of the overall word shape the usage of the "y" creates, or be connected with its increasing use as feminine name.
The name is popular in Scotland, and has grown in popularity in the second half of the twentieth century. 
Alternatively, the spelling "Lyndsay" may be indicative of the Scottish popularisation of the name. In Scots English, for example, the old English word "Winden" (to twist") is thought to have evolved into the Scots English word "Wynd", meaning a "very narrow street".
Further Scottish connections for this particular spelling come from fifteenth-century Scottish Renaissance poet Sir David Lyndsay, and the Scottish surname "Lynd", which can also be traced to the 15th century in Ayrshire.
Until the mid twentieth century it was more popular as a name for a boy, and since the second half of the twentieth century has become much more popular as a name for a girl. The recent popularity of the name, and the relative reduction in its usage since the 1980s, might be linked to the popularity of the 1970s television series The Bionic Woman which starred the actress Lindsay Wagner.
Kapri Lashaw Bibbs Jr. (born January 10, 1993) is a former American football running back. He played college football at Colorado State, and was signed by the Denver Broncos as an undrafted free agent in 2014. He has also played for the San Francisco 49ers, Washington Redskins, and Green Bay Packers.
Bibbs attended Snow College in 2011 and Front Range Community College in 2012. Before the 2013 season, he transferred to Colorado State. In his only season with the school, he rushed for a school record 1,741 yards and joined Barry Sanders and Montee Ball as the only players in NCAA history to rush for 30 touchdowns in a season. His 2013 season garnered him among the leaders in various rushing categories in the Mountain West Conference.
Bibbs was not selected in the 2014 NFL Draft, but was signed by the Denver Broncos as a free agent. He was signed to the team's practice squad for the 2014 season. He was released in November and tried out with the Arizona Cardinals, but he was ultimately re-signed to the Broncos' practice squad.
Bibbs was once again placed on the practice squad by the Broncos prior to the 2015 season. He was promoted to the active roster in October following an injury to Juwan Thompson. He was active for the game against the Cleveland Browns, but did not receive any carries. The day after the game, he was once again released; however, he was re-signed to the practice squad two days later.
On November 6, 2016, on Sunday Night Football, Bibbs made a 69-yard catch and ran for his first career touchdown against their AFC West rival Oakland Raiders. He suffered a high ankle sprain in Week 13 and was placed on injured reserve on December 5, 2016. Overall, he finished the 2016 season with 129 rushing yards to go along with two receptions for 75 yards and a touchdown.
On April 29, 2017, the Broncos traded Bibbs and a 2017 fifth round draft pick to the San Francisco 49ers for a fourth round draft pick in 2018. He was waived on September 1, 2017.
On November 24, 2017, Bibbs was signed to the Washington Redskins' practice squad. He was promoted on the active roster on December 12, 2017. In his first game as a Redskin, he caught a screen pass from Kirk Cousins then scrambled for a 36-yard touchdown against the Arizona Cardinals. He finished the 2017 season with 79 rushing yards to go along with 14 receptions for 128 yards and a receiving touchdown.
On September 1, 2018, Bibbs was waived for final roster cuts before the start of the regular season, but signed to the team's practice squad the following day. He was promoted to the active roster on September 22, 2018. In Week 5, against the New Orleans Saints, he scored his first rushing touchdown as a Redskin. He was waived on December 15, 2018.
On December 17, 2018, Bibbs was claimed off waivers by the Green Bay Packers following a knee injury suffered by Aaron Jones. He played in two games with the Packers to end the season. He finished the 2018 season with career totals of 103 rushing yards, three rushing touchdowns, 16 receptions, 115 receiving yards, and one receiving touchdown.
On June 14, 2019, Bibbs was released by the Packers. He was suspended one week by the NFL on November 8, 2019. He was reinstated from suspension on November 12.
Simrithi Haresh Bathija (born 9 April 1999) is an Indian model and beauty pageant titleholder. As Glamanand Miss India International 2019, she represented India at the 59th edition of the Miss International pageant in Tokyo, Japan.
Simrithi was born on 9 April 1999 in a Sindhi family and was educated at Sacred Heart School in Thane, Maharashtra. She has a graduation degree in mass media from the Jai Hind College, Mumbai. She is a national level fencing athlete and has played roll ball in state level. She is also a trained dancer, and has worked as a radio jockey for 4 years.
Evan Brown (born September 16, 1996) is an American football guard and center for the Detroit Lions of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Southern Methodist University.
Brown signed with the New York Giants as an undrafted free agent in 2018. He made the Giants final roster, but was inactive for every game his rookie season.
On August 31, 2019, Brown was waived by the Giants and was signed to the practice squad the next day. He was promoted to the active roster on November 9, 2019, but was waived two days later, before being re-signed to the practice squad.
On December 4, 2019, Brown was signed by the Miami Dolphins off the Giants practice squad. He was released on March 18, 2020.
On March 26, 2020, Brown was signed by the Cleveland Browns. He played in a total of five games with 17 special teams snaps played. Brown was waived on November 5, 2020. He was re-signed to the Browns' practice squad on November 7, 2020, and subsequently released once more on November 10, 2020.
On December 4, 2020, Brown was signed to the Detroit Lions' practice squad. He was elevated to the active roster on December 25 and January 2, 2021, for the team's weeks 16 and 17 games against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and Minnesota Vikings, and reverted to the practice squad after each game. He signed a reserve/future contract on January 5, 2021.
This biographical article relating to an American football offensive lineman born in the 1990s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Both species in this genus are found in Southeast Asia, with D. philippina being found in the Philippines and D. rubescens being found in mainland Southeast Asia and Indonesia.
On its website, the association details its different activities: the publication of studies, of a best-practice tool kit, acting as media watchdog, teaching and awareness-raising journalism schools, participating in conferences... The AJL engages and challenges the media when it feels that the LGBT people are misrepresented. In 2014, it questioned TV5 Monde about the terms it chose to present a debate on its Facebook.
Sometimes, the way we do our work and our values are discriminatory because of our reflexes, our habits, our hurtful humour, and our discriminatory treatment of information. This is not a text that coerces but one that raises awareness.
Gays are hypersexualized characters on this show and it is precisely one of the cornerstone of homophobic jokes.
McNarney went to Europe as Deputy Supreme Allied Commander in the Mediterranean Theater and commanding general of the United States Army Forces, Mediterranean Theater, in October 1944. He was promoted to full general in March 1945 and in September became acting supreme allied commander of the Mediterranean Theater.
McNarney was complicit in the repatriation of men of Soviet origin who had fought alongside the forces of the Western Allies in Italy against the Nazis to the Soviet Union to face Stalinist oppression, as part of Operation Keelhaul.
However, McNarney rarely displayed interest in his job; instead delegating most of his responsibility to his deputy governor, Lucius D. Clay. On June 15, 1946, Clay, frustrated with the difficulty of the job given his position, wrote to Secretary of State James Byrnes requesting his retirement. Secretary Byrnes pleaded for Clay to stay on, and Clay agreed. Shortly thereafter, McNarney was posted to a position in Washington, and Clay replaced McNarney as governor.
While serving as the military governor of the American zone from 1945 to 1947, McNarney refused to use any African-American service members as part of his staff and said that it would take 100 years before "the Negro will develop to the point where he will be on a parity with white Americans." 
This is a list of episodes for Season 5 of Late Night with Conan O'Brien, which aired from September 9, 1997, to August 28, 1998.
This biographical article about a person related to Bangladeshi cricket born in the 1990s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Bury Me Behind the Baseboard (Russian: Pokhoronite menya za plintusom) is a 2009 Russian drama film directed by Sergey Snezhkin.
Trenton is a town in Edgefield County, South Carolina, United States. The population was 196 at the 2010 census, down from 226 in 2000.
Bettis Academy and Junior College and Marshfield, a historic plantation house with outbuilding and cemetery, are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
As of the census of 2000, there were 226 people, 103 households, and 67 families residing in the town. The population density was 173.9 people per square mile (67.1/km2). There were 115 housing units at an average density of 88.5 per square mile (34.2/km2). The racial makeup of the town was 69.47% White and 30.53% African American. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.10% of the population.
There were 103 households, out of which 19.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.7% were married couples living together, 19.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.0% were non-families. 32.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.69.
In the town, the population was spread out, with 18.6% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 23.5% from 25 to 44, 31.4% from 45 to 64, and 19.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.7 males.
The median income for a household in the town was $26,250, and the median income for a family was $41,667. Males had a median income of $31,875 versus $29,583 for females. The per capita income for the town was $17,352. About 30.8% of families and 27.1% of the population were below the poverty line, including 41.7% of those under the age of eighteen and 20.0% of those 65 or over.
According to the 2010 census, Trenton has a population of 196.  Of the population, 129 (65.8%) were White, 62 (31.6%) were Black or African American, 0 (0%) were American Indian or Alaska Native, 0 (0%) were Asian, 0 (0%) were Pacific Islanders, 5 (2.6%),some other race, 0 (0%) Two or more races.  8 (4.1%) were Hispanic or Latino (of any race) 
"Lazy Sunday" is a song by the English band Small Faces, which reached number two on the UK Singles Chart in 1968. It was written by the Small Faces songwriting duo Steve Marriott and Ronnie Lane, and appeared on the band's 1968 concept album Ogdens' Nut Gone Flake. Against the band's wishes, it preceded the album as a single release.
According to Small Faces keyboardist Ian McLagan, Lane's "rooty dooty di" vocal lines were in imitation of a member of the Who's road crew; the two bands had recently toured Australia together.
The vocal backing quotes "Colonel Bogey March" by F. J. Ricketts at 51 seconds[citation needed] and "(I Can't Get No) Satisfaction" by the Rolling Stones at 1 minute 45 seconds.[citation needed] At the end of the song the tune dissolves into birdsong and church bells.
"Lazy Sunday" appears as track six on the album Ogdens' Nut Gone Flake, and is the last track on Side A of the vinyl release.
The low-budget promotional video for "Lazy Sunday" was filmed at Kenney Jones's parents' home on Havering Street in Stepney, east London.
Marionia levis is a species of dendronotid nudibranch. It is a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Tritoniidae and is found in shallow water in the Red Sea and Indian Ocean.
Marionia levis is a long, slender nudibranch. It has about nine pairs of gills, the odd-numbered pairs standing out horizontally from the sides of the body and the even-numbered pairs standing vertically. The body colour is some shade of green or brown, with darker brown transverse lines, and sometimes white lines or spots. The stalks of the rhinophores and of the gills bear dark brown spots. The edge of the mantle is rimmed with a low ridge, and this is usually white.
Marionia levis is found in shallow water in the Indian Ocean, its range extending from Tanzania, Kenya and the Red Sea to the Comoro Islands.
The C510 is one of the mobile phones in Sony Ericsson's Cyber-shot series. Released on 7 January 2009, it was a successor to the K510i model. It is widely characterised as one of Sony Ericsson best non-smartphone devices released to the market.
 The C510 is one of the first mobile phones to come integrated with Smile Shutter technology. Along with face detection this feature automatically takes a photo when a person smiles. This feature was later added to the C905 model. The phone can also play YouTube videos, upload pictures to the blogging site Blogger and comes with Facebook integrated.
The phone also has a protector for the camera, scratch-resistant display and buttons with blue illumination while in shooting mode for features such as flash. The phone also offers a large selection of settings for exposure and a built in photo editor.
The C510 has Sony Ericsson Java Platform 8 profile and so allows Flash Lite to run as a front-end to Java ME.
Carceller Coll inherited two companies from his father, Demetrio Carceller Segura, the petrol station chain Disa Corp, and the Spanish brewery Damm. He is a part owner in the Spanish food company Ebro Foods and the property company Sacyr.
Carceller Coll is married, with four children, and lives in London and Portugal. His businesses are now run by his son, Demetrio Carceller Arce.
This Portuguese business-related biographical article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Bawbeese was a Potawatamie village in 1830 located in what is today Hillsdale County, Michigan, United States.  It was located on Baw Beese Lake
This article relating to the history of the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Authorized by the Ministry of the Interior, the CZ.NIC association coordinates the national security team CSIRT.CZ that has been participating in resolving incidents related to cyber security in networks operated in the Czech Republic since 2011.
The association operates a specialized learning center called CZ.NIC Academy and founded its own research organization CZ.NIC Laboratories, the purpose of which is, among others, to solve problems related to Internet security and the development of original tools for the development of the Internet infrastructure.
CZ.NIC is a member of EURid, the organization administering the European .eu domain as well as of other international companies with similar specialization (CENTR, ccNSO, etc.).
Turris Omnia is a powerful and extensible open-source router. It features an open Linux based operating system with automatic updates and extra security measures. Besides being a router, Turris Omnia is powerful enough to serve as small home server. Turris Omnia was crowdfunded through a campaign on Indiegogo.
In early 2008, CZ.NIC started trial operation of the DNSSEC security technology; it was definitely launched in the .cz domain area in the fall of 2008. Czech Republic was the fifth country to introduce this security technology. At present, the Czech national domain with 35% of its domains being secured is among the gTLDs with the highest use of DNSSEC.
MojeID is a service that allows users of the Czech Internet to use single login data (username and password) for logging into different websites and web services. It eliminates the need for repetitive registration. MojeID can be used for all services that support specifically the mojeID service or at least the OpenID technology. MojeID also allows storing the user data in one secure place while keeping it up to date.
Within the .cz domain zone, mojeID is used by a large number of e-shops, news sites and even some municipalities that use the authentication system, for example, during quick surveys or polls among residents.
Knot DNS is a powerful authoritative DNS server supporting all major DNS protocol functions including zone transfers, dynamic updates and DNSSEC extension. Main advantages of this open source solution are performance, scalability, speed and the ability to add or remove zones on the fly without server downtime. Knot DNS was presented to the Czech and international public in November 2011. Four months later, CZ.NIC released its first final version.
Based on the agreement between the Czech Ministry of the Interior and CZ.NIC, from January 2011 the .cz domain administrator coordinates the national security team CSIRT.CZ. It participates in resolving incidents related to cyber security in networks operating in the Czech Republic.
Specialized Learning Centre offers professional training in the field of Internet and web technologies. The lecturers of the CZ.NIC Academy are employees of the association, university professors and practitioners. CZ.NIC Academy operates two training centers - in Prague and Brno.
CZ.NIC Laboratories is a development and research institute of the CZ.NIC association that is engaged in research on the Internet, Internet protocols, network operation analysis, passive and active monitoring and design of prototypes for further development within CZ.NIC. The work of CZ.NIC Laboratories is focused on the benefit of the local Internet community; however, the scope of its work is international.
Souls at Zero is the debut studio album by American heavy metal band Souls at Zero, released on July 20, 1993 by Energy Rekords.
Drucker is highly regarded for his musicianship and his longevity of service with the New York Philharmonic, totaling 10,200 concerts, such as expressed by Gustavo Dudamel in November 2007:
On Thursday, June 4, 2009, Drucker was awarded a Guinness World Record for longest career as a clarinetist after his performance of Aaron Copland's Clarinet Concerto with the orchestra.  Guinness thus logged his Philharmonic career at "62 years, 7 months and 1 day as of June 4, 2009".
John L. Henderson, Ed.D. (born 1932) is an American university administrator. He was President of Wilberforce University from 1988 to 2002, and the first black president of the Council of Independent Colleges.
From 2007 to 2010, Dr. Henderson served as President (Interim) of Cincinnati State Technical and Community College, during which enrollment surpassed 10,000 students for the first time.
His papers are held at the Johnnie Mae Berry Library, Cincinnati State Technical and Community College.
This biography of an American academic administrator is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Leela Corman is an American cartoonist and illustrator. Corman created the 2012 graphic novel Unterzakhn, which follows the lives of Jewish twin sisters growing up in the tenements of New York City's Lower East Side at the turn of the last century. Unterzakhn was published by Schocken Books and nominated for the Los Angeles Times Book Award, the Eisner Award, and Le Prix Artemisia. Portions of Unterzakhn were serialized in HEEB magazine and Lilith magazine.
Corman has had works published in the US, as well as Portugal, Spain, and France. Corman has stated that she is interested in addressing the life of women through a feminine perspective, offering representation for women and by women. She describes her creative process as going between thumb-nailing and writing and relies a lot on the experiences of her Jewish family for inspiration.
Corman's first award was a Xerix Award in 1999 for her first graphic novel, Queen's Day.  For her 2012 graphic novel, Unterzakhn, Corman earned a Le Prix Millepages award and best Anglo-American comic at Rome Festival.  She was also nominated for an LA Times Book Award, Eisner award, and Le Prix Artemisia in France.
The Hop-Garden by Christopher Smart was first published in Poems on Several Occasions, 1752. The poem is rooted the Virgilian georgic and Augustan literature; it is one of the first long poems published by Smart. The poem is literally about a hop garden, and, in the Virgilian tradition, attempts to instruct the audience in how to farm hops properly.
While the poem deals with natural and scientific principles, there is a strong autobiographical tendency. While the poem marks Smart's classical and Latin influences, it also reveals Smart's close association and influence with Miltonic poetic form, especially with the reliance on Miltonic blank verse.
The Medway river that runs through the area was of particular interest to Smart as a young boy, and it is remembered in The Hop-Garden along with mention few of Smart's other poems. The first edition of The Hop-Garden, in Poems on Several Occasions, 1752, included plates from Smart's friends Francis Hayman and Thomas Worlidge. The original edition of Poems on Several Occasions, 1752, had 751 subscribers and sold 851 of 1,000 printed copies, even though it sold for ten shillings each.
The Hop-Garden is split into two books totaling 733 lines (429 lines and 304 lines respectively) and written in Miltonic blank verse. It may have been expected that Smart would rely on Augustan rhyming couplets for his poem, even though Pope stated that Miltonic language might be inappropriate for a pastoral theme. However, Smart does not hide this fact; instead, he emphasizes it when he says:
With these words Smart also introduces the georgic basis of the poem and that he would "teach" how to farm hops in order to use them to flavor alcoholic drinks. However, Smart does more than "teach in verse Miltonian" as he relies on various forms and styles to "express a variety of viewpoints."
While the poem discusses farming methods, it also expresses a "'Patriot' hostility" to Walpole and the later Carteret/Compton administration of the British Parliament. The poem, in essence, is anti-Hanoverian, although he would later change this view.
One of such as his mention of his deceased friend, Theophilus Wheeler, who died at Christ's College, Cambridge, a year after starting. In particular, Smart was working on the poem when Theophilus died, and he dedicated a portion of the second book to his memory:
Part of the motivation to dedicating such a large portion of the poem to a discussion about Wheeler comes from his relationship with the writing of the poem; Smart showed an early version of the first book to Wheeler in 1743 before Wheeler's death.
Samuel Johnson, friend of Smart, joked about the poem as proof that "one could say a great deal about cabbage." However, not everyone was as playful, and one of Smart's later literary opponents, John Hill, was one of the first to review The Hop-Garden; Hill used his piece in the Monthly Review to attack the poem. It was this review, even after Smart's reply in The Hilliad, that guided the future negative reception of the poem that Chris Mounsey describes as a "litany of abuse".
The 8th Annual MTV Millennial Awards took place on July 13, 2021 at the Quarry Studios in Mexico City. It was broadcast live by MTV Latin America. The awards celebrated the best of Latin music and the digital world of the millennial generation. The list of nominees were revealed on June 7, 2021. Leading the list of nominees was Karol G with six nominations, followed by Bad Bunny y Danna Paola with five each.
The Alan Villiers Memorial Lecture (AVML) was established by the Society for Nautical Research, the  Naval Review, and the Britannia Naval Research Association in 2010 to honour the memory of the author, adventurer, naval officer, photographer and Master Mariner, Captain Alan Villiers. The lecture takes place at a college of the University of Oxford early in Michaelmas Term each year.
The 2015 AVML will be given by Professor Andrew Lambert of King's College London, at Pembroke College, Oxford, on Wednesday 14 October, followed by a Trafalgar Dinner.[needs update]
What we did as part of the war was soon forgotten by the nation in general and the war earned the title: The Forgotten War.  To those of us who went through the hail of enemy AAA fire, it was never forgotten.  Eight of us started out on this adventure; six of us came home alive after flying an average of 150 missions.
The Panther played a prominent role in the 1954 movie Men of the Fighting Lady (also known as Panther Squadron). The F9F was featured in the flying sequences in the 1955 movie The Bridges at Toko-Ri, although in the 1953 James A. Michener novel upon which the movie was based, the main character flew an F2H Banshee.
After failing to strengthen their cause in the free elections held in South Korea during May 1950 and the refusal of South Korea to hold new elections per North Korean demands, the communist North Korean Army assaulted the South on June 25, 1950. The conflict was then expanded by the United States and the Soviet Union's involvement as part of the larger Cold War.
The Korean War was the first armed confrontation of the Cold War and set the standard for many later conflicts. It created the idea of a limited war, where the two superpowers would fight in another country, forcing the people in that nation to suffer the bulk of the destruction and death involved in a war between such large nations.
The specific gene that encodes RhoA, RHOA, is located on chromosome 3 and consists of four exons, which has also been linked as a possible risk factor for atherothrombolic stroke.
The primary protein sequences of members of the Rho family are mostly identical, with the N-terminal containing most of the protein coding for GTP binding and hydrolysis. The C-terminal of RhoA is modified via prenylation, anchoring the GTPase into membranes, which is essential for its role in cell growth and cytoskeleton organization. Key amino acids that are involved in the stabilization and regulation of GTP hydrolysis are conserved in RhoA as Gly14, Thr19, Phe30 and Gln63.
Correct localization of the RhoA proteins is heavily dependent on the C-terminus; during prenylation, the anchoring of the prenyl group is essential for the stability, inhibition of and the synthesis of enzymes and proliferation. RhoA is sequestered by dissociation inhibitors (RhoGDIs) which remove the protein from the membrane while preventing its further interaction with other downstream effectors.
RhoA is primarily involved in these activities: actin organization, myosin contractility, cell cycle maintenance, cellular morphological polarization, cellular development and transcriptional control.
1cxz: CRYSTAL STRUCTURE OF HUMAN RHOA COMPLEXED WITH THE EFFECTOR DOMAIN OF THE PROTEIN KINASE PKN/PRK1
"Things Left to Do" is the ninth episode of the sixth season of the post-apocalyptic horror television series Fear the Walking Dead, the 78th episode overall,  "Things Left to Do" was released on the streaming platform AMC+ on April 15, 2021, in the United States and aired on television on AMC three days later, on April 18, 2021.
A stand-off occurs between Virginia (Colby Minifie), her rangers and Morgan's group. Ginny has made a lot of enemies and it's finally catching up to her. The episode marks the final appearance John Dorie (Garret Dillahunt) and Virginia portrayed by Colby Minifie, who is killed by June Dorie (Jenna Elfman).
Morgan takes Virginia to his community and tells Alicia (Alycia Debnam-Carey), Dwight (Austin Amelio), Althea (Maggie Grace) and Charlie (Alexa Nisenson) that if Virginia dies, she would endanger the lives of Grace and Daniel and that they need to keep her safe. However, Strand, the rebel Pioneers, and Sherry's group arrive and demand justice from Morgan; Virginia accepts her fate. Morgan is about to execute Virginia in front of everyone, but can't bring himself to do it.
The episode marks the final appearance of John Dorie (Garret Dillahunt), who was killed in the previous episode despite his death, the character's corpse and flashbacks appears in the episode. In turn, the episode marks the final appearance of Colby Minifie who portrays Virginia from the previous season in the episode "Leave What You Don't". Virginia is murdered by June Dorie (Jenna Elfman) who blamed her for the death of her husband.
The episode was seen by 1.12 million viewers in the United States on its original air date, below the previous episodes.
Interconnect User Part (IUP) is a national specific Signaling System 7 protocol for interconnect between public telephone networks in the United Kingdom. This protocol was formerly known as BTNUP.
Elena Radu (born March 24, 1975) is a Romanian sprint canoer who competed in the late 1990s and early 2000s. She won a bronze medal in the K-4 500 m event at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney.
Creator is the second album by American alternative rock band The Lemonheads.  It was issued twice, as an LP in 1988, and as a CD in 1992, which included three bonus live tracks, recorded at the radio station VPRO in The Netherlands.  It is one of only three albums to feature the full original lineup of Evan Dando, Ben Deily, and Jesse Peretz.
The cover is a photo of Ivan Kreilkamp, a school friend of Evan and Ben.  Ivan is attributed with coming up with the band's name.
Note: Tracks marked with a * are live bonus tracks, recorded in 1989 at VPRO in the Netherlands and issued on the 1992 CD release.
Note: Generally, Dando and Deily would sing lead vocals on songs each wrote. In addition, Dando sings lead on two cover songs on the album: the Kiss song "Plaster Caster" and "Your Home Is Where You're Happy," originally released on the 1970 Charles Manson album Lie: The Love & Terror Cult.
Nowadays, Tifa maintains a relatively successful solo career. He lives in his hometown of Sarajevo, but occasionally goes to Belgrade for new projects and work.
He also appeared as a waiter in a sketch of popular Yugoslav and Bosnian TV series Top lista nadrealista (1989), and as himself twice in the popular Bosnian sitcom Lud, zbunjen, normalan (2007, 2011).
After making one album with Divlje Jagode, he left the group in 1988 and recorded new material under Tifa & Vlado moniker with keyboards player Vlado Podany (who earlier also played in Divlje Jagode and Armija B). However, no record company showed sufficient interest in releasing the album.
Two Running Girls is a 1959 painting by Australian artist John Brack. The painting depicts two girls, wearing dresses and with their hair tied, running from the viewer.
The painting was first exhibited in August 1959 at the Antipodeans Exhibition at the Victorian Artists Society galleries in Melbourne.
In May 2016, the painting sold at auction for AUD1.65 million. At a previous sale in 1991, the painting was purchased for AUD52,000.
Also featured is a special appearance by Alice Ghostley, new interviews with crew members and series creators/producers Linda Bloodworth-Thomason and Harry Thomason; recurring cast members Hal Holbrook, Richard Gilliland, Gerald McRaney and writer/executive producer Pam Norris share their memories of the show in pre-recorded separate interviews.
The special was taped on June 4, 2003 in front of a live audience at CBS Studio Center in Studio City, California.
The Designing Women Reunion was the second highest-rated special in Lifetime network's 19-year history, averaging a 3.1 household rating (3.3 million viewers) during its premiere on July 28, 2003, the first being The Golden Girls: Their Greatest Moments which scored a 3.7 rating with 4.2 million viewers the previous month.
Soon the fame reached the Russian Army Theatre. Enrolling to the service in 1951, Vladimir has not parted with the theater until his death.
The actor has been married five times. His wives were actresses Olga Aroseva, Alina Pokrovskaya, Nonna Mordyukova, Nelly Podgornaya, Nina Olkhina.
Vladimir Borisovich Soshalsky died on 10 October 2007. He was buried at the Troyekurovskoye Cemetery in Moscow, next to his mother (section No.3).
This article related to a river in Mato Grosso, Brazil is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Marouane Bokri (born 28 December 1974) is a Tunisian footballer. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
This biographical article related to Tunisian football is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Ivan Diaconu is a ten-time national champion from Moldova who competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney.
This biographical article relating to a Moldovan sport wrestler or wrestling coach is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
"Floy Joy" is a song written by Smokey Robinson and released as a single in December 1971 by popular Motown female singing group The Supremes.
The song, built on a retro sixties vibe reminiscent of past Supremes songs, was recorded by the group's former mentor Robinson, marking his first production of a Supremes song since 1969's "The Composer".
The song featured original Supreme Mary Wilson and early-seventies Supremes lead singer Jean Terrell on lead vocals, featuring the third lead vocals by Wilson on a Supremes hit single.
The song peaked at number five on the Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs charts, number sixteen on the American pop singles chart and number nine on the UK Singles Chart.
Softstar Shoes is an American shoe manufacturer and retailer based in Philomath, Oregon. It is known for its minimalist or barefoot-style shoes and has been recognized as an early participant in the movement to encourage minimalist footwear.
Figure was a small bay stallion owned by Justin Morgan; he became the foundation sire of the Morgan horse breed.
In 1792, Figure was advertised for stud before he was given as payment for a debt to Justin Morgan (1747-1798), a singing teacher and one-time Randolph, Vermont, Town Clerk. Morgan owned Figure from 1792-1795, advertising him for stud in Randolph and Lebanon, New Hampshire (1793), and Royalton, Vermont (1794), and Williston and Hinesburg, Vermont (1795). He leased Figure to Robert Evans in the fall of 1795 to clear land for a Mr. Fisk at a rate of $15.00 a year.
Morgan later traded the horse to Samuel Allen for land in Moretown, Vermont.  Allen sold the stallion later that year to William Rice of Woodstock, Vermont.
In 1796, Figure raced in a sweepstakes in Brookfield, Vermont, beating New York horses to win $50. That year, he was advertised at stud by Johnathan Shepard of Montpelier, who also raced him in several match races in which he did well. Figure became known as the "Justin Morgan horse."
Figure was traded again in 1797, along with a blacksmith shop, to James Hawkins. In 1801 he was recorded as owned by Robert Evans of Randolph. Evans owned the horse until 1804, using the stallion for logging, racing, and breeding, until he fell into debt to Colonel John Goss. Goss collected the horse as part of the debt, and used him to review troops.  He entered the horse in a pulling bee, which the little horse won. In 1805, Goss traded Figure for a mare owned by his brother David.
David Goss owned Figure from 1805-1811, where he worked on the farm for 10 months, and was used for breeding for two months each year. He was sold in 1811 to Philip Goss for the breeding season. Philip Goss sold Figure to Jacob Sanderson, who sold him to Jacob Langmeade. Langmeade used the horse to haul freight, and is thought to have abused the aging stallion.
Langmeade sold Figure to Joel Goss and Joseph Rogers at the end of 1811. Figure stood at stud for several years, before he was sold to Samuel Stone in 1817. Stone exhibited the stallion in the Randolph fair. Figure was used as a parade mount by President James Monroe later that year.
In 1819, Figure was sold to his final owner, Levi Bean of Chelsea, Vermont. Toward the end of his life, Figure was put out to pasture. He died in 1821 from an injury to the flank, caused by a kick, at the age of 32. Figure is now buried in Chelsea, Vermont.
Many myths developed surrounding Figure and Justin Morgan.  The popular children's book, Justin Morgan Had a Horse by Marguerite Henry, is a fictionalized account of Figure (called "Little Bub" in the book) and his early life.  Walt Disney Studios adapted the book into a film in 1972.
Born in Racconigi into a wealthy family of Jacobin ideas, Castelli studied law at the University of Turin, graduating in July 1835. In October of the same year he was elected, just 27 years old, Mayor of Racconigi, a position he held until 1837. From 1847 collaborated with the Turin-based newspaper Il Risorgimento, working in the political section alongside Camillo Benso, Count of Cavour, the director of the newspaper.
Friend and confidant of Cavour, Castelli was elected for the first time Member of Parliament of the Kingdom of Sardinia in its first legislature, in 1848. Deputy for five legislatures (1849-1859) in 1852 he was appointed Secretary of the Ministry of Interior, a position he held until March 1854.  In July 1854, he was appointed General Director of the General Archives of Turin. On 29 June 1860, he was appointed Senator of the Kingdom of Sardinia.
This biographical article about an Italian writer or poet is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
 Stephen William Warriner (born 18 December 1958) is an English former professional footballer. An attacking midfielder, Warriner joined Newport County in 1978 from Liverpool. Between 1978 and 1981 Warriner made 36 appearances for Newport, scoring 2 goals during the most successful period in the club's long history. Warriner was part of the team that won promotion and the Welsh Cup and in the subsequent season reached the quarter-final of the 1981 European Cup Winners Cup.
This biographical article related to association football in England, about a midfielder born in the 1950s, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Clara Littledale attended Smith College in Northampton, Massachusetts, where her interest in journalism continued. While a Smith student, she was a member of the college's Press Board, and wrote articles for major newspapers, including the New York Times, before graduating in 1913. Shortly after graduating, Clara tried her hand at a career in teaching, but was encouraged by a school principal who insisted that she wanted to be a writer and facilitated her career change.
She was shortly hired by the New York Evening Post as their first ever woman reporter, and worked to report on suffrage conventions and parades. Not long after being hired, she was promoted to the position of editor of the woman's page. She stayed at the New York Evening Post for only one year.
In 1914, Littledale accepted the position of press chairman for the National American Woman Suffrage Association (NAWSA). While in that position, Littledale frequently attended and observed suffrage meetings and marched in parades; later in life she would express regret for carrying a banner that read: "If Idiots and Morons Can Vote, Why Can't I?"
During World War II, Littledale raised funds for refugee children from Europe, and held memberships in the Child Study Association of America, the American Association for Adult Education, the National Commission for Mental Hygiene and the National Council of Parent Education.
The territories of Gaza and the West Bank are separated from each other by Israeli territory. Both fell under the jurisdiction of the Palestinian Authority, but the Strip has, since the Battle of Gaza in June 2007, been governed by Hamas, a militant, Palestinian, fundamentalist Islamic organization, which came to power in the last-held elections in 2006. It has been placed under an Israeli and US-led international economic and political boycott from that time onwards.
Israel captured the Gaza Strip from Egypt in the Six-Day War in 1967. Pursuant to the Oslo Accords signed in 1993, the Palestinian Authority became the administrative body that governed Palestinian population centers while Israel maintained control of the airspace, territorial waters and border crossings with the exception of the land border with Egypt which is controlled by Egypt. In 2005, Israel withdrew from the Gaza Strip under their unilateral disengagement plan.
In July 2007, after winning the 2006 Palestinian legislative election, Hamas became the elected government. In 2007, Hamas expelled the rival party Fatah from Gaza. This broke the Unity Government between Gaza Strip and the West Bank, creating two separate governments for the Occupied Palestinian Territories.
In September 1992, Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin told a delegation from the Washington Institute for Near East Policy "I would like Gaza to sink into the sea, but that won't happen, and a solution must be found."
Between 1994 and 1996, Israel built the Israeli Gaza Strip barrier to improve security in Israel. The barrier was largely torn down by Palestinians at the beginning of the Al-Aqsa Intifada in September 2000.
The Second Intifada broke out in September 2000 with waves of protest, civil unrest and bombings against Israeli military and civilians, many of them perpetrated by suicide bombers. The Second Intifada also marked the beginning of rocket attacks and bombings of Israeli border localities by Palestinian guerrillas from the Gaza Strip, especially by the Hamas and Palestinian Islamic Jihad movements.
 In February 2005, the Knesset approved a unilateral disengagement plan and began removing Israeli settlers from the Gaza Strip in 2005. All Israeli settlements in the Gaza Strip and the joint Israeli-Palestinian Erez Industrial Zone were dismantled, and 9,000 Israelis, most living in Gush Katif, were forcibly evicted.
On 12 September 2005, the Israeli cabinet formally declared an end to Israeli military occupation of the Gaza Strip.
After the Israeli withdrawal in 2005 the Oslo Accords give the Palestinian Authority administrative authority in the Gaza Strip. The Rafah Border Crossing has been supervised by EU Border Assistance Mission Rafah under an agreement finalized in November 2005. The Oslo Accord permits Israel to control the airspace and sea space.
In January 2007, fighting erupted between Hamas and Fatah. The deadliest clashes occurred in the northern Gaza Strip, where General Muhammed Gharib, a senior commander of the Fatah-dominated Preventive Security Force, died when a rocket hit his home.
In May 2007, new fighting broke out between the factions. Interior Minister Hani Qawasmi, who had been considered a moderate civil servant acceptable to both factions, resigned due to what he termed harmful behavior by both sides.
Fighting spread in the Gaza Strip, with both factions attacking vehicles and facilities of the other side. Following a breakdown in an Egyptian-brokered truce, Israel launched an air strike which destroyed a building used by Hamas. Ongoing violence prompted fear that it could bring the end of the Fatah-Hamas coalition government, and possibly the end of the Palestinian authority.
In late June 2008, Egypt, Saudi Arabia and Jordan declared the West Bank-based cabinet formed by Abbas as "the sole legitimate Palestinian government". Egypt moved its embassy from Gaza to the West Bank.
Saudi Arabia and Egypt supported reconciliation and a new unity government and pressed Abbas to start talks with Hamas. Abbas had always conditioned this on Hamas returning control of the Gaza Strip to the Palestinian Authority. Hamas visited a number of countries, including Russia, and the EU member states. Opposition parties and politicians called for a dialogue with Hamas as well as an end to the economic sanctions.
Meanwhile, Israeli and Egyptian security reports said that Hamas continued smuggling in large quantities of explosives and arms from Egypt through tunnels. Egyptian security forces uncovered 60 tunnels in 2007.
The EU Border Monitors initially monitored the border because Hamas guaranteed their safety, but they later fled. The Palestinian Authority demanded that Egypt deal only with the Authority in negotiations relating to borders. Israel eased restrictions on the delivery of goods and medical supplies but curtailed electricity by 5% in one of its ten lines. The Rafah crossing remained closed into mid-February.
In February 2008, 2008 Israel-Gaza conflict intensified, with rockets launched at Israeli cities. Aggression by Hamas led to Israeli military action on 1 March 2008, resulting in over 110 Palestinians being killed according to BBC News, as well as 2 Israeli soldiers. Israeli human rights group B'Tselem estimated that 45 of those killed were not involved in hostilities, and 15 were minors.
On 25 November 2008, Israel closed its cargo crossing with Gaza after Qassam rockets were fired into its territory. On 28 November, after a 24-hour period of quiet, the IDF facilitated the transfer of over thirty truckloads of food, basic supplies and medicine into Gaza and transferred fuel to the area's main power plant.
On 27 December 2008, Israeli F-16 fighters launched a series of air strikes against targets in Gaza following the breakdown of a temporary truce between Israel and Hamas. Israeli defense sources said that Defense Minister Ehud Barak instructed the IDF to prepare for the operation six months before it began, using long-term planning and intelligence-gathering.
By February 2009, food availability returned to pre-war levels but a shortage of fresh produce was forecast due to damage sustained by the agricultural sector.
Egypt's Sinai Peninsula borders the Gaza Strip and Israel. Its vast and desolate terrain has transformed it into a hotbed of illicit and militant activity. Although most of the area's inhabitants are tribal Bedouins, there has been a recent increase in al-Qaeda inspired global jihadi militant groups operating in the region. Out of the approximately 15 main militant groups operating in the Sinai desert, the most dominant and active militant groups have close relations with the Gaza Strip.
According to Egyptian authorities, the Army of Islam, a U.S. designated "terrorist organization" based in the Gaza Strip, is responsible for training and supplying many militant organizations and jihadist members in Sinai. Mohammed Dormosh, the Army of Islam's leader, is known for his close relationships to the Hamas leadership. Army of Islam smuggles members into the Gaza Strip for training, then returns them to the Sinai Peninsula to engage in militant and jihadist activities.
The legal code Hamas applies in Gaza is based on Ottoman laws, the British Mandate's 1936 legal code, Palestinian Authority law, Sharia law, and Israeli military orders. Hamas maintains a judicial system with civilian and military courts and a public prosecution service.
Other factions include the Army of Islam (an Islamist faction of the Doghmush clan), the Nidal Al-Amoudi Battalion (an offshoot of the West Bank-based Fatah-linked al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades), the Abu Ali Mustapha Brigades (armed wing of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine), the Sheikh Omar Hadid Brigade (ISIL offshoot), Humat al-Aqsa, Jaysh al-Ummah, Katibat al-Sheikh al-Emireen, the Mujahideen Brigades, and the Abdul al-Qadir al-Husseini Brigades.
The Israeli government uses economic means to pressure Hamas. Among other things, it caused Israeli commercial enterprises like banks and fuel companies to stop doing business with the Gaza Strip. The role of private corporations in the relationship between Israel and the Gaza Strip is an issue that has not been extensively studied.
Due to continued rocket attacks including 50 in one day, in March 2008, air strikes and ground incursions by the IDF led to the deaths of over 110 Palestinians and extensive damage to Jabalia.
The international community regards all of the Palestinian territories including Gaza as occupied. Human Rights Watch has declared at the UN Human Rights Council that it views Israel as a de facto occupying power in the Gaza Strip, even though Israel has no military or other presence, because the Oslo Accords authorize Israel to control the airspace and the territorial sea.
As agreed between Israel and the Palestinian Authority in the Oslo Accords, Israel has exclusive control over the airspace. It can interfere with radio and TV transmissions, and the Palestinian Authority cannot engage in independent initiatives for operating a seaport or airport. The Accords also permitted Palestinians to construct an airport, which was duly built and opened in 1998. Israel destroyed Gaza's only airport in 2001 and 2002, during the Second Intifada.
The Israeli army makes use of drones, which can launch precise missiles. They are equipped with high-resolution cameras and other sensors. In addition, the missile fired from a drone has its own cameras that allow the operator to observe the target from the moment of firing. After a missile has been launched, the drone operator can remotely divert it elsewhere. Drone operators can view objects on the ground in detail during both day and night. Israeli drones routinely patrol over Gaza.
Part of the territory is depopulated because of the imposition of buffer zones on both the Israeli and Egyptian borders.
Initially, Israel imposed a 50-meter buffer zone in Gaza. In 2000, it was expanded to 150 meters. Following the 2005 Israeli disengagement from Gaza, an undefined buffer zone was maintained, including a no-fishing zone along the coast.
In 2009/2010, Israel expanded the buffer zone to 300 meters. In 2010, the UN estimated that 30 percent of the arable land in Gaza had been lost to the buffer zone.
Israel and Egypt maintain a blockade of the Gaza Strip, although Israel allows in limited quantities of medical humanitarian aid. The Red Cross claimed that the blockade harms the economy and causes a shortage of basic medicines and equipment such as painkillers and x-ray film.
Israel claims the blockade is necessary to prevent the smuggling of weapons into Gaza. For example, in 2014, a Panamanian-flagged ship claiming to be carrying construction materials was boarded by the IDF and was found to contain Syrian produced rockets. Israel maintains that the blockade is legal and necessary to limit Palestinian rocket attacks from the Gaza Strip on its cities and to prevent Hamas from obtaining other weapons.
Israeli spokesman Mark Regev described Israel's actions as "sanctions," not a blockade, but a Gazan legal consultant for UNRWA called the blockade "an action outside of international law."
In July 2010, British Prime Minister David Cameron said, "humanitarian goods and people must flow in both directions. Gaza cannot and must not be allowed to remain a prison camp." In response, the spokesman for the Israeli embassy in London said, "The people of Gaza are the prisoners of the terrorist organization Hamas. The situation in Gaza is the direct result of Hamas' rule and priorities."
The Arab League accused Israel of waging a financial war. The IDF strictly controlled travel within the area of the crossing points between Israel and the Gaza Strip, and sealed its border with Gaza. U.S. government travel guides warned tourists that the region was dangerous.
An anonymous Israeli analyst has called it "Israel's Alcatraz". While Lauren Booth, Philip Slater, Giorgio Agamben compare it to a "concentration camp". For Robert S. Wistrich, and Philip Mendes, such analogies are designed to offend Jews, while Philip Seib dismisses the comparison as absurd, and claims that it arises from sources like Al Jazeera and statements by Arab leaders.
The main agricultural products are olives, citrus, vegetables, Halal beef, and dairy products. Primary exports are citrus and cut flowers, while primary imports are food, consumer goods, and construction materials. The main trade partners of the Gaza Strip are Israel and Egypt.
According to Sara Roy, one senior IDF officer told an UNWRA official in 2015 that Israel's policy towards the Gaza Strip consisted of: "No development, no prosperity, no humanitarian crisis."
For its energy, Gaza is largely dependent on Israel either for import of electricity or fuel for its sole power plant. The Oslo Accords set limits for the Palestinian production and importation of energy. Pursuant to the Accords, the Israel Electric Corporation exclusively supplies the electricity (63% of the total consumption in 2013). The amount of electricity has consistently been limited to 120 megawatts, which is the amount Israel undertook to sell to Gaza pursuant to the Oslo Accords.
Usually, diesel for Gaza came from Israel, but in 2011, Hamas started to buy cheaper fuel from Egypt, bringing it via a network of tunnels, and refused to allow it from Israel.
In early March 2012, the head of Gaza's energy authority stated that Egypt wanted to transfer energy via the Kerem Shalom Crossing, but he personally refused it to go through the "Zionist entity" (Israel) and insisted that Egypt transfer the fuel through the Rafah Crossing, although this crossing is not equipped to handle the half-million liters needed each day.
In late March 2012, Hamas began offering carpools for people to use Hamas state vehicles to get to work. Many Gazans began to wonder how these vehicles have fuel themselves, as diesel was completely unavailable in Gaza, ambulances could no longer be used, but Hamas government officials still had fuel for their own cars. Many Gazans said that Hamas confiscated the fuel it needed from petrol stations and used it exclusively for their own purposes.
Egypt agreed to provide 600,000 liters of fuel to Gaza daily, but it had no way of delivering it that Hamas would agree to.
In addition, Israel introduced a number of goods and vehicles into the Gaza Strip via the Kerem Shalom Crossing, as well as the normal diesel for hospitals. Israel also shipped 150,000 liters of diesel through the crossing, which was paid for by the Red Cross.
In April 2012, the issue was resolved as certain amounts of fuel were supplied with the involvement of the Red Cross, after the Palestinian Authority and Hamas reached a deal. Fuel was finally transferred via the Israeli Kerem Shalom Crossing, which Hamas previously refused to transfer fuel from.
The topography of the Gaza Strip is dominated by three ridges parallel to the coastline, which consist of Pleistocene-Holocene aged calcareous aeolian (wind deposited) sandstones, locally referred to as "kurkar", intercalated with red-coloured fine grained paleosols, referred to as "hamra". The three ridges are separated by wadis, which are filled with alluvial deposits.
Gaza's marine gas reserves extend 32 kilometres from the Gaza Strip's coastline and were calculated at 35 BCM.
From 1987 to 1991, during the First Intifada, Hamas campaigned for the wearing of the hijab head-cover and for other measures (such as the promotion of polygamy, segregating women from men and insisting they stay at home).[citation needed] In the course of this campaign, women who chose not to wear the hijab were verbally and physically harassed by Hamas activists, leading to hijabs being worn "just to avoid problems on the streets".
In October 2000, Islamic extremists burned down the Windmill Hotel, owned by Basil Eleiwa, when they learned it had served alcohol.
According to Human Rights Watch, the Hamas-controlled government stepped up its efforts to "Islamize" Gaza in 2010, efforts it says included the "repression of civil society" and "severe violations of personal freedom."
Iran was the largest state supporter of Hamas, and the Muslim Brotherhood also gave support, but these political relationships have recently been disrupted following the Arab Spring by Iranian support for[clarification needed] and the position of Hamas has declined as support diminishes.
The movement has clashed with Hamas on a number of occasions. In 2009, a Salafist leader, Abdul Latif Moussa, declared an Islamic emirate in the town of Rafah, on Gaza's southern border. Moussa and 19 other people were killed when Hamas forces stormed his mosque and house. In 2011, Salafists abducted and murdered a pro-Palestinian Italian activist, Vittorio Arrigoni. Following this Hamas again took action to crush the Salafist groups.
Violence against Christians was recorded. The owner of a Christian bookshop was abducted and murdered and, on 15 February 2008, the Young Men's Christian Association (YMCA) library in Gaza City was bombed.
In 2010, illiteracy among Gazan youth was less than 1%.  According to UNRWA figures, there are 640 schools in Gaza: 383 government schools, 221 UNRWA schools and 36 private schools, serving a total of 441,452 students.
In 2010, Al Zahara, a private school in central Gaza introduced a special program for mental development based on math computations. The program was created in Malaysia in 1993, according to the school principal, Majed al-Bari.
In June 2011, some Gazans, upset that UNRWA did not rebuild their homes that were lost in the Second Intifada, blocked UNRWA from performing its services and shut down UNRWA's summer camps. Gaza residents also closed UNRWA's emergency department, social services office and ration stores.
In 2012, there were five universities in the Gaza Strip and eight new schools were under construction. By 2018, nine universities were open.
The Community College of Applied Science and Technology (CCAST) was established in 1998 in Gaza City. In 2003, the college moved into its new campus and established the Gaza Polytechnic Institute (GPI) in 2006 in southern Gaza. In 2007, the college received accreditation to award BA degrees as the University College of Applied Sciences (UCAS). In 2010, the college had a student population of 6,000 in eight departments offering over 40 majors.
In Gaza, there are hospitals and additional healthcare facilities. Because of the high number of young people the mortality rate is one of the lowest in the world, at 0.315% per year. The infant mortality rate is ranked 105th highest out of 224 countries and territories, at 16.55 deaths per 1,000 births. The Gaza Strip places 24th out of 135 countries according to Human Poverty Index.
According to Palestinian leaders in the Gaza Strip, the majority of medical aid delivered are "past their expiration date." Mounir el-Barash, the director of donations in Gaza's health department, claims 30% of aid sent to Gaza is used.[failed verification]
Gazans who desire medical care in Israeli hospitals must apply for a medical visa permit. In 2007, State of Israel granted 7,176 permits and denied 1,627.
In 2010, Gaza inaugurated its first Olympic-size swimming pool at the As-Sadaka club. The opening ceremony was held by the Islamic Society. The swimming team of as-Sadaka holds several gold and silver medals from Palestinian swimming competitions.
The Oslo Accords ceded control of the airspace and territorial waters to Israel. Any external travel from Gaza requires cooperation from either Egypt or Israel.
From 1920 to 1948, the Gaza Strip hosted sections of the Palestine Railways, connecting the region with Egypt.
The Gaza Strip has rudimentary land line telephone service provided by an open-wire system, as well as extensive mobile telephone services provided by PalTel (Jawwal) and Israeli providers such as Cellcom. Gaza is serviced by four internet service providers that now compete for ADSL and dial-up customers.
In 2004, most Gaza households had a radio and a TV (70%+), and approximately 20% had a personal computer. People living in Gaza have access to FTA satellite programs, broadcast TV from the Palestinian Broadcasting Corporation, the Israel Broadcasting Authority, and the Second Israeli Broadcasting Authority.
The shooting of Kuanchung Kao occurred on April 29, 1997 in Rohnert Park, California. Kao was waving a wooden stick in the street in front of his driveway, prompting multiple 911 calls placed by Kao's neighbors. He was then fatally shot by public safety officer Jack Shields.
On the night of April 28, 1997, Kao was drinking at the Cotati Yacht Club in celebration of a new job. While at the bar, he was involved in two scuffles with at least one other bar patron. In the first, he corrected a patron by stating he was Chinese, not Japanese, to which the other patron responded by saying "You all look alike to me." The bartender, who was familiar with Kao, separated them by seating them at opposite ends of the bar.
The same patron later approached Kao and whispered some inflammatory words, instigating an altercation to which police were called. Kao was sent home in a taxicab by the bartender, who said the bar fight was inconsistent with Kao's usual behavior.
Four minutes later police officer Lynch arrived and stopped his patrol vehicle close to Kao in what witnesses felt was an attempt to scare him, but Kao hit the patrol car with the stick. Lynch backed the car away and remained in the car waiting for backup. Almost simultaneously, officer Shields arrived, training a spotlight on Kao and exiting his vehicle, despite Lynch radioing Shields to remain in his car. Shields later testified that he left the car to find Kao's wife Ayling Wu.
Shields later testified that he feared for his life as Kao was waving the stick in "a threatening martial arts fashion." Kao never studied martial arts. A warrant executed the next day had police comb through Kao's house for evidence of martial arts training or paraphernalia. None was found. 
On August 5, 1997, the Rohnert Park Department of Public Safety ruled Officer Shields acted in accordance with departmental policies and procedures for the use of deadly force.
The shooting of Kuanchung Kao mobilized Asian-American activists to protest the perceived racial factors in his killing. Days after the August 1997 Rohnert Park investigation cleared Shields, on the 100-day anniversary of Kao's death, a vigil was held in San Francisco in part demanding a new investigation.
Activist pressure along with a growing trend of fatal police shootings in Sonoma County culminated in a United States Commission on Civil Rights investigation, which held a public hearing on February 20, 1998. Police and police supporters packed the meeting, forcing those with different viewpoints to stand outside the meeting room.
Jack Shields retired from the Rohnert Park Department of Public Safety in 2000 with over 30 years of service and moved to Hamlin, Texas, later becoming the mayor of Hamlin.
Mike Lynch left the Department of Public Safety within one year of the shooting, and was last known to be working in a local pet shop.
In a recent poll Cevallos was elected the most promising Ecuadorian footballer to emerge from L.D.U. Quito.
In January 2013, Cevallos signed a loan deal with Juventus, for two seasons with an option to buy. In July 2014, however, having not played a single professional game for Juventus, Cevallos left the club to return to Ecuador. Cevallos did play in around 14 unofficial matches for Juventus at youth levels or in unofficial friendlies.
On 30 January 2018, Cevallos Jr. signed a contract for 4,5 years at Belgian side KSC Lokeren. The transfer fee is estimated around 1.2 million dollars (1 million euro's). Cevallos Jr. turned down several local offers. Even an offer from Club Atletico Independiente. (C.A.I.). Cevallos Jr. preferred to develop his skills in Europe.
Cevallos made his international debut on 22 February 2017 against Honduras. Cevallos came on as a substitute with 21 minutes to go and also scored the last goal of the match in the 82 minute.
This biographical article related to a football midfielder from Ecuador is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Born in Melsungen, Richert became a miner when he was sixteen, and joined the Union of Mining and Energy.  He became increasingly involved in the union, until in 1960, he began working full-time for the German Trade Union Confederation (DGB), as its youth secretary for Fulda and Bad Hersfeld.  In 1964, he was promoted to become youth secretary for the whole of Hesse, then in 1971, he became chair of the DGB in Hesse.  He also became chair of the DGB's education wing.
In 1986, Richert was elected to the national board of the DGB, and in 1990, he additionally became president of the DGB's education wing.  In 1991, he also became president of the International Federation of Commercial, Clerical, Professional and Technical Employees.  He retired in 1995, due to poor health, and died in 1997.
Bobby "Bobcat" Ervin (born December 13, 1967), professionally known as Bobcat or DJ Bobcat, is an American Grammy Award winner and multi-platinum producer, songwriter, DJ, artist and music executive.
He has worked with musicians such as Clive Davis, Russell Simmons, Rick Rubin, Lyor Cohen, Steve Rifkind, Madonna, Guy Oseary, Jermaine Dupri, and has written and produced songs for artists such as LL Cool J, Ice Cube, Mack 10, Tupac, Mc Ren, Sir Mix A Lot, K9 Posse, Breeze, Nas, King T, Kam, Candyman, and Yo-Yo.
At the time, Bobcat was only 15 years old and wasn't even tall enough to reach the turntables so they would have him stand on top of a milk crate to DJ. Back then Bobcat didn't own any professional equipment, so when he began working with Big Daddy Productions and Uncle Jamm's Army, Ice T's DJ Chris "The Glove" Taylor had to show him how to use the huge Cerwin Vega Mixer.
Roger Clayton, founder of Uncle Jamm's Army, would fly to the East Coast and pick up the hottest new underground records from various record stores in the city and bring them back to LA. Bobcat and The Egyptian Lover would take those records, play them first and break them at the big Uncle Jamm's Dances that drew over 15,000 people in the early 1980s.
At this time Bobcat recorded 12-inch single with Tracy Kendrick and Courtney Branch of Total Track Productions that included the Bobcat Song & California Catt Crew.
Uncle Jamm's Army and the Wrecking Crew are the forefathers of West Coast hip hop. The Mix Masters were the next generation.
After dominating the West Coast hip hop scene, Bobcat with his crew L.A. Posse flew to New York City and began working with rap mogul Russell Simmons, Lyor Cohen and Def Jam Records, writing and producing tracks for LL Cool J including "I Need Love", "I'm Bad", "Jack the Ripper", "Kanday", "Get Down", "Go Cut Creator Go" and "The Do Wop". The album Bigger and Deffer sold over 3 million copies, and is considered some of LL Cool J's best work.
Bobcat wrote the melody to "I Need Love" when he was 16 years old. It was originally a song titled "Friends By Day, Lovers By Night", Bobcat's version of "Secret Lovers" by Atlantic Starr.
"I Need Love" has been sampled and remade more than any other rap song in history.[citation needed] It has been sampled or replayed by Jermaine Dupri, Usher, Master P, Kris Kross and countless others.
LL Cool J asked Bobcat to go on the now world-famous Def Jam Tour. Bobcat signed on as DJ/music supervisor, and also designed and choreographed LL's stage shows. He toured all over the world, DJing and overseeing the sound and lighting.
Bobcat became an Arista recording artist and toured around the country performing his album, Cat Got Ya Tongue, on the same stage with New Edition and Jodi Watley.
That same year[when?] Bobcat was presented with a proclamation by the Atlanta City Council for making a positive album and being a positive influence and role model for the community.
Bobcat and his wife Chanel Ervin started a global entertainment agency and strategic marketing firm titled The Foundation. This global network primarily focuses on DJs and producers, and also markets and promotes new and established recording artists.
The Digital Record Pool is an online music marketing service and online community for recording artists that has thousands of DJs, MDs, PDs, tastemakers, music lovers, music producers, journalists and bloggers from around the world. Bobcat is the founder/CEO, and says this site and service were created to help new artists and indie labels around the world get maximum exposure.
Bobcat and the Foundation Entertainment Agency launched an international DJ team for the purpose of promoting new music, media, brands, goods and technologies Globally. Bobcat is founder and general manager, His wife, Chanel Ervin, is the President of Marketing.
Sandford was born at Torrington in Devon and became an accountant, eventually becoming manager of Ashton Gate Iron Rolling Mills.
In 1883 he moved to Sydney, employed to organise a wire-netting plant, at what was then part of Five Dock now Chiswick, NSW
After visiting Lithgow, he became enthusiastic about the local iron industry and tried to persuade his English employers to buy the Eskbank Ironworks.
The rolling mill at Mittagong proved unsuitable and Sandford relocated his operations, in 1887, to the rolling mills of the Eskbank Ironworks at Lithgow, which he leased for the purpose from James Rutherford.
He bought a 2000 acre property at Bowenfels, to the west of Lithgow, and added a second story to the existing house, creating an 11-room home, which he later named 'Eskroy Park'
In 1892, Sandford purchased the Eskbank Ironworks, using money loaned by the Commercial Banking Company of Sydney, and was given a government contract in railway parts. It was a brave move, at a time when Australia was enduring a serious economic downturn.[citation needed] Moreover, he began expanding the plant, in the expectation that protection against imports would be forthcoming.
In 1899, Sandford attempted to interest his friend Charles Hoskins in buying the Eskbank works but the offer was declined.
With Federation, in 1901, tariffs and duties between the colonies were abolished and the matter of import protection came one for the new Commonwealth of Australia to decide at a national level. With the election of a Protectionist minority government in the new Australian House of Representative, Sandford became optimistic that protection for the iron and steel industry would be forthcoming.
Although Sandford was feted upon his return to Lithgow, his plan for a new and well-capitalised company to expand the Lithgow works was stymied.  In 1903, Sandford had to close the sheet mills at Lithgow altogether but continued to make galvanized iron using imported sheets.
In 1904, William Sandford Limited  settled two disputes with its employees in the N.S.W. Arbitration Court.
As steamships came to replace sailing ships, cheap pig iron, in the form of ballast, was being imported less. On a steamship, pig iron would be carried as paid cargo. With a sizable local market, making iron in Australia was becoming more viable.
 Premier Joseph Carruthers (a Free Trader) persuaded him to agree to William Sandford Limited contracting to supply all of the New South Wales Government's needs for iron and steel, for a seven year period, in 1905. Most of this steel would be in the form of heavy steel rails for railways. A condition of that contract was that local iron ore, coal and limestone were to be used to produce iron, necessitating the erection of a blast furnace.
The final form of the legislation alarmed the bank, which then withdrew its tentative agreement to support Sandford, demanded full repayment of the overdraft amount, and took over the assets on 9 December 1907. Only the new blast furnace was kept in operation, to prevent its destruction if it were to cool. 700 workers became idle.
Sandford's shares became essentially worthless and he faced financial ruin, at the age of 66. After years of great mental stress, he was a broken man.
Left with little choice,  on 19 December 1907, Sandford reluctantly accepted the offer from G & C Hoskins to take over his enterprise. Summing up his position he stated, " I have only the satisfaction of knowing that the object of my life has been attained, and I have demonstrated that good merchantable pig iron can be made from the Australian raw materials".
Even after he had left the industry and Lithgow, Sandford continued to be an advocate for the iron and steel industry at Lithgow and to defend his role in it, of which he was proud.
Sandford had been popular and widely respected in Lithgow as a relatively benevolent employer, who had the interests of his workers at heart. In 1893, when orders at Lithgow were slack, he obtained work for some of his employees at the Onehunga Ironworks in New Zealand. He provided cheap land for his workers and assistance to build their houses, including providing house designs and guaranteeing their bank loans.
He had engaged his workers by contract with an element of profit sharing; an arrangement which he advocated and in which he took some personal pride. When the subsequent owners, G & C Hoskins attempted to change these employment arrangements to day labour, it began a series of bitter and sometimes violent strikes and lock outs lasting almost four years.
Many of Sandford's managers and workforce stayed on at the works under the new management and were part of the growth of the iron and steel industry in the following decades. His General Manager, William Thornley, left Lithgow and set up an iron and steel foundry, W. Thornley and Sons, at Sydenham, in Sydney, to make railway equipment. It later also made commercial woodworking machine tools.
When Sandford visited Lithgow in 1922, it was as an honoured guest and he received an official civic reception. He attended the service for his old friend and later foe, Charles Hoskins, who died in February 1926. Some of his old associates continued to visit him, including for his 90th birthday in 1931.
He lived long enough to see protection of the iron and steel industries introduced by the Labor government of Andrew Fisher, the first steel rails made at Lithgow in 1911,  the establishment of a rival steelworks at Newcastle in 1915, the establishment of a new listed company Australian Iron & Steel in 1928, and the gradual closure and relocation to Port Kembla of the Hoskins' works at Lithgow, between  November 1928 and January 1932.
Sandford had somewhat complicated family arrangements. He had left two children by a previous marriage in England, but he married Caroline Newey on 3 May 1884 at Goulburn. Caroline was 15 years his junior and herself had a previous marriage. Sandford's first wife was alive in England for at least twenty years after he emigrated.
 He had three children with Caroline. The children had a privileged upbringing at Eskroy Park, before being sent away to boarding school. In 1895, the two elder children and their mother each had their own horse.
The middle names, Fitzroy and Esk, that Sandford gave to his two sons are  the after the names of the ironworks that Sandford was running, at the time that each of his sons was born, the Fitzroy Iron Works and the Eskbank Ironworks respectively. 
William Sandford died on 29 May 1932, aged 90, at his home, 'Iona', 16 Ethel Street, Eastwood, only months after the last of the Lithgow steelworks operations finally closed.  He was survived by his second wife, Caroline, a daughter and one of his two sons by Caroline, and a daughter and a son from his earlier English marriage. His will only recognised his Australian-born children by Caroline. Caroline died in 1934.
Sandford's modest grave lies in the Anglican section of the Macquarie Park (formerly Northern Suburbs General) Cemetery . His epitaph reads, "Pioneer of Iron & Steel Industry." He lies with his wife, Caroline, and nearby lie the graves of two of his children, Frederick (Esk) and Clarice. His other son, Roy, was cremated.
Lithophane viridipallens, the pale green pinion moth, is a moth of the family Noctuidae that is native to North America. It is listed as a species of special concern in the US state of Connecticut. It was described by Augustus Radcliffe Grote in 1877.
For any pointed spaces X, Y, and Z in an appropriate "convenient" category (e.g., that of compactly generated spaces), there are natural (basepoint preserving) homeomorphisms
However, for the naive category of pointed spaces, this fails, as shown by the counterexample     X = Y =  Q    {\displaystyle X=Y=\mathbb {Q} }   and     Z =  N    {\displaystyle Z=\mathbb {N} }   found by Dieter Puppe. A proof due to Kathleen Lewis that Puppe's counterexample is indeed a counterexample can be found in the book of Johann Sigurdsson and J. Peter May.
These isomorphisms make the appropriate category of pointed spaces into a symmetric monoidal category with the smash product as the monoidal product and the pointed 0-sphere (a two-point discrete space) as the unit object. One can therefore think of the smash product as a kind of tensor product in an appropriate category of pointed spaces.
In the category of pointed spaces, the smash product plays the role of the tensor product in this formula: if     A , X   {\displaystyle A,X}   are compact Hausdorff then we have an adjunction
NASDAQ Canada commenced functioning with the inaugural opening of its office from Montreal, Quebec, Canada, on 21 November 2000. In the first phase of the development of Nasdaq Canada, trading operations were initially started with Nasdaq workstations and terminals installed at 10 participating Canadian securities firms in Montreal.  The 10 initial Canadian brokerages participating in Nasdaq Canada are:
This enabled these firms to trade the 5,000 Nasdaq-listed companies directly through their local broker, including the 42 Canadian companies previously listed solely on Nasdaq U.S.  In December 2000, there were 146 Canadian companies listed on NASDAQ.
Helen Kearns was the first President of Nasdaq Canada. In July 2004, Nasdaq announced the closing of Nasdaq Canada's only office in Montreal.  Nasdaq Canada's operations are now run out of New York City.
The Nasdaq Canada Index was created at the same time as Nasdaq Canada.  The Nasdaq Canada Index is composed of 61 companies.  The ticker symbol of this index is CND.
Adpar, formerly Trefhedyn, is a village in Ceredigion, Wales, in the community of Llandyfriog, now considered as a part of Newcastle Emlyn to which it is joined by a bridge across the River Teifi. In ancient times Adpar was a borough in its own right.
The Royal Commission on the Ancient and Historical Monuments of Wales records a "possible medieval castle motte" within the village. The mound is low, about 3.5 metres in height and damaged in subsequent periods.
At one time Adpar was relatively more important than it is now. It was an ancient borough, returned its own member of parliament, and had a Portreeve and two bailiffs. It had a market and several seasonal animal fairs. Several industrial enterprises used the fast-flowing waters of the River Teifi for power, including a woollen mill that produced flannel, blankets and knitting yarn. There was also a fishing weir above the bridge to catch migratory salmon.
The last duel that took place in Cardiganshire occurred in Adpar in 1814. The last recorded use of stocks in the United Kingdom was in Adpar in 1872.
The 1998 Prague municipal election was held as part of 1998 Czech municipal elections. Civic Democratic Party has received highest number of votes and formed coalition with Czech Social Democratic Party. Jan Kasl became mayor of Prague.
Wong wins three rounds in the match but collapses after the third round as he has been poisoned. Wong's students take his place in the next rounds and marginally win the match. Wong is on the verge of death from poisoning, but, surprisingly, Monk Geng-fa sends him the antidote.
Just before the final fight takes place, Wong rings the temple's bells and reminds Monk Geng-fa of his past. Actually, Monk Geng-fa used to be a Shaolin monk but was expelled from the monastery for bad conduct. He decides to repent and gives up fighting. Prince Cheng also feels ashamed of himself and lets Wong off. Wong returns the ancestral tablets to Po-chi-lam while 13th Aunt returns from her trip to Europe.
Hung-chi, the Shaolin abbot, has contracted a serious illness. Wong Fei-hung is invited to help to heal the abbot. He brings his students Porky Wing and Clubfoot with him to Shaolin and discovers that Hung-chi has been poisoned. Just as he is about to heal the abbot, a masked assailant attempts to assassinate the abbot but fails and escapes. Wong pursues the assassin to the Shaolin library, where the latter mysteriously disappears.
Clubfoot escapes and rescues an old monk, Hung-wun, with Mo-gan and Kwai-so's help. Wong discovers that Hung-wun's limbs were injured by someone who uses the "Great Strength Vajra Finger", and decides to do a blood transfusion between Hung-chi and Hung-wun. The operation is successful and the two monks recover. Hung-wun is still crippled but can now use his "Iron Head Skill" again.
A legend in Canton says of a haunted plum orchid in the western part of the city. General Cheung visits Canton and insists on visiting the haunted orchid. Canton's Governor Hong is afraid that something might happen to the general, so he asks Wong Fei-hung's students to help to protect the general.
To uncover the truth, Wong ventures into the orchid and finds some clues. With assistance from Nip Siu-sin, a mysterious lady, Wong tricks Lau into revealing himself to be the murderer, and that the mastermind is actually General Hon. After his lies are exposed, the furious General Hon attacks the city but his plan is foiled and Wong saves the day.
The Qing dynasty has been overthrown by the 1911 Xinhai Revolution. Wong Fei-hung and his students return from their trip to Japan. Along the way, Wong meets a reporter, Ng Mung-ching, who was a fellow student of 13th Aunt, and starts a romance with her.
Ng introduces Wong to help Chai Kei, a close associate of Yuan Shikai, with printing banknotes. Wong also breaks up a banknote agency controlled by Westerners with Ng's help. Po-chi-lam is recognised by the government as a legitimate banknote printing and distribution organisation.
13th Aunt is jealous of Wong and Ng. At the same time, Chai Kei also displays affections for her. 13th Aunt unexpectedly discovers that Ng is a descendant of the Qing imperial family and she is planning to make use of Yuan Shikai to help her restore the Qing dynasty. In the meantime, Wong learns that Ng has been lying to them: she is using the banknotes from Po-chi-lam to purchase firearms instead of food and medical supplies.
Along with the formation of Odisha, the "Orissa Police" got its establishment on April 1, 1936. The department was a force comprising 4000 trained men of all ranks. The Orissa Police Manual Rules (OPMR) was unveiled in 1940 which boasted rules and regulations of the powers, functions and duties of the police department at various levels.
The Odisha Police is organized into ten Police Ranges, most of which are further divided into districts. The Ranges are:
The Special Operation Group (SOG) is an elite paramilitary unit specializing in neutralizing terrorists, insurgents and extremists. The force currently, is primarily being used to counter left-wing extremism.
The Special Tactical Unit (STU) is a dedicated urban warfare counter-terrorist force consisting of Special Operations Group (SOG) personnel who are trained alongside the National Security Guard (NSG). The force made Odisha, third state in the country, after Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh, to have a dedicated force to counter terrorism in urban areas.
The District Voluntary Force (DVF) is a special constabulary unit specializing in anti-Maoist operations.
The Odisha Industrial Police Force (OIPF) is a security force which was constituted to protect public and private sector industrial undertakings in Odisha. The force was formed under the Odisha Industrial Security Force Act of the Government of Odisha in 2012.
Government of Odisha sanctioned altogether 5600 posts of Special Police Officers (SPOs) keeping in mind of SC and ST's employment in 2008. Currently, the force has a sanctioned strength of 1521 personnel.
This biographical article relating to an American football wide receiver born in the 1910s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Demant A/S is a leading international hearing health care company within hearing aids, audiometric equipment, and personal communication.
The Demant Group was founded in 1904 by Hans Demant, under the name Oticon. After his death in 1910, his son William Demant took over.
Already before World War I, Oticon increased its sales volume to cover Scandinavia and Saint Petersburg. In the twenties and thirties, a network of agents was established in Europe.
During World War II, Oticon started its own production due to the scarcity of goods from other countries.
In 1957, William and his wife Ida Emilie donated the Demant family's shares in the company to the Oticon Foundation which is today called The William Demant Foundation. The Foundation's general aim is charity with particular emphasis on helping people with a hearing impairment and today the Oticon Foundation is the main shareholder in William Demant Holding A/S with a holding of app. 61%.
During the 1990s the company expanded further, buying the Swiss hearing aid manufacturer Bernafon, Phonic Ear, the headset manufacturer DanaCom and Interacoustics.
In 1997 it was decided to change the name of the parent company from Oticon Holding A/S to William Demant Holding A/S because it was considered disadvantageous to use the same name, both for the Group, and for one of its businesses. Further in 2019 William Demant Holding A/S changed its name to Demant A/S
In February 2017 it was announced that former President & CEO Niels Jacobsen would step down after 25 years in charge of the company. Instead he would become CEO of William Demant Invest A/S
Wick Town and County Hospital is a health facility in Seaforth Avenue, Wick, Scotland. It is managed by NHS Highland.
The facility, which was designed by Sinclair Macdonald as an infectious diseases hospital, opened in 1910. The hospital joined the National Health Service in 1948 and a modern extension has since been built on the site. Protesters concerned about the potential closure of the hospital held candlelight meetings in October 2017.
Aphaenops alberti is a species of beetle in the subfamily Trechinae. It was described by Jeannel in 1939.
As a family thiosilanes refers to compounds of the form RSSiR'H2 with a S-Si bond between organic groups.
Butler is a town in Custer County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 287 at the 2010 census.
As of the census of 2000, there were 345 people, 138 households, and 104 families residing in the town. The population density was 815.0 people per square mile (317.2/km2). There were 160 housing units at an average density of 378.0 per square mile (147.1/km2). The racial makeup of the town was 89.28% White, 0.87% Native American, 0.29% Asian, 4.93% from other races, and 4.64% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 11.88% of the population.
There were 138 households, out of which 28.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.4% were married couples living together, 13.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.6% were non-families. 21.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 2.88.
In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.1% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 25.2% from 25 to 44, 27.0% from 45 to 64, and 16.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.1 males.
The median income for a household in the town was $29,375, and the median income for a family was $32,083. Males had a median income of $25,500 versus $24,583 for females. The per capita income for the town was $13,917. About 18.4% of families and 29.8% of the population were below the poverty line, including 51.5% of those under age 18 and 7.0% of those age 65 or over.
Murray was elected as a Democrat to the Sixty-second and Sixty-third Congresses. He served as a Member of Congress from March 4, 1911, until September 28, 1914, when he resigned, having been appointed postmaster of Boston.
On June 19, 1914 President Wilson nominated Murray for the position of Postmaster of Boston., the Senate Confirmed the nomination on July 16, 1914. Murray served as postmaster from October 1, 1914, until his death on September 21, 1918.
In the Autumn of 1918 Murray contracted the Spanish flu and died from pneumonia at Boston City Hospital at 11:40 on the night of September 21, 1918.
Thompson was born in London to Yoruba parents. His family left the United Kingdom for Nigeria around 1976, when Thompson was about seven.  He grew up in Nigeria, where he studied medicine and social anthropology. He went on to specialise in psychiatry. He returned to the UK in 1998, where he has remained except for a year spent working in Samoa. He now lives on the south coast of England.
His novels and short stories have been critically received. Thompson was a Nommo Award and a Kitschies Golden Tentacle Award winner. He was a John W. Campbell Award finalist as well as nominated for the Shirley Jackson Award, the British Science Fiction Award, and the Nommo Award. Thompson is also a capable illustrator and artist. His novella The Murders of Molly Southbourne has been optioned for screen adaptation.
His novel Rosewater, the first book in the Wormwoood trilogy set in Nigeria won the prestigious Arthur C. Clarke award in 2019.
Owen largely retired from acting in the 1970s and worked as a radio dispatcher for a cab company. After a long public absence, he was interviewed in 2011 about his experiences making Zulu.
WTVY-FM (95.5 FM) is an American radio station licensed to serve the community of Dothan, Alabama, United States.  The station is owned by Gulf South Communications.  The station began broadcasting on September 20, 1968; the station was originally owned by Woods Communications Corporation as a sister to WTVY television.
Caleana alcockii, commonly known as Alcock's duck orchid is a rare species of orchid endemic to the south-west of Western Australia. It has a single smooth leaf and is distinguished by its humped labellum and relatively late flowering period. It only occurs north of Geraldton.
Alcock's duck orchid was first formally described in 2006 by Stephen Hopper and Andrew Brown who gave it the name Paracaleana alcockii. The description was published in Australian Systematic Botany. In 2014, based on molecular studies, Joseph Miller and Mark Clements transferred all the species previously in Paracaleana to Caleana so that the present species became Caleana alcockii. The specific epithet (alcockii) honours John Alcock who recognised the species as distinct.
Caleana alcockii grows with grasses or sedges in sandy soil in a small area north of the Murchison River in the Geraldton Sandplains biogeographic region.
Caleana alcockii (as Paracaleana alcockii) is classified as "Priority Two" by the Western Australian Government Department of Parks and Wildlife meaning that it is poorly known and from only one or a few locations.
Joymoti was born in the middle of the 17th-century in Maduri to Laithepena Borgohain and Chandradaru.  She was married to Langi Gadapani Konwar, later an Ahom king, Supatphaa, who established the Tungkhunia line of kings.  During the Purge of the Princes from 1679 to 1681 under King Sulikphaa (Loraa Roja), instigated by Laluksola Borphukan, Gadapani took flight.  Over the next few years, he sought shelter in the Naga hills.
Failing to trace Prince Gadapani, Sulikphaa's soldiers brought his wife Joymoti to Jerenga Pathar where, despite torture, the princess refused to reveal the whereabouts of her husband. After continuous physical torture over 14 days, Joymoti died on 13 Choit of 1601 Saka, or 27 March 1680.[dead link]
The State Government of Assam has instituted an annual award in the name of Joymoti, presented to women in recognition of excellence in their chosen fields of work.
Joymoti (1935 film) was the first Assamese language film, directed and produced by Jyoti Prasad Agarwala. In 2006, Manju Borah released another film by the same name. The 19th-century Assamese writer Lakshminath Bezbaruah depicted her life in the drama Joymoti Kuwori.
Kirsten Hillman is a Canadian lawyer and diplomat who was appointed as Canadian ambassador to the United States on March 26, 2020. She is the first woman to serve in this role. In 2019, she had been appointed as acting ambassador, taking over from David MacNaughton. Prior to this, she served as deputy ambassador at the Embassy of Canada in Washington, D.C.
Hillman grew up in Calgary and Winnipeg. She has a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Manitoba, as well as civil law and common law degrees from McGill University.
Hillman worked as a lawyer in private practice in Montreal, and for the Department of Justice in Ottawa. She was assistant deputy minister of the trade agreements and negotiations branch at Global Affairs Canada, serving as Canada's senior legal adviser to the World Trade Organization and chief negotiator for the Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau announced Hillman's appointment as ambassador to the U.S. on March 26, 2020, making her the first woman to hold the post. As a career public servant, she is not seen as a political appointee. Her appointment was viewed as a choice that would find favour among both Conservatives and Liberals.
Katie Arnoldi (February 24, 1959) is an American mainstream fiction writer and former bodybuilder. She has published three novels, Chemical Pink (Bloomsbury, 2001), The Wentworths (Overlook, 2008), and Point Dume (Overlook, 2010). Arnoldi lives in Southern California with her husband, the painter Charles Arnoldi, and their two children.
Set in Mexico and Malibu, Point Dume explores the death of surf culture, the destruction of public land by cartel marijuana growers using pesticides and rodenticides, native and invasive species, and obsessive love.
Seven years after publishing Chemical Pink, Arnoldi paints a searing portrait of wealthy Westside Los Angeles life, dramatizing the dysfunctionality of the modern American family while examining how it actually is that people get so screwed up.
Set in the world of female bodybuilding, Chemical Pink is a story of obsession and the consequences of going too far to achieve your goals.
As with preceding Nike fire control systems, the Improved Hercules van trailers (e.g., by Fruehauf Trailer Co.) allowed the RCDC to be transported after the military installation was disemplaced from the station.  Van trailers included:
The RCDC was an improved fire control system for the Hercules missile based on a 1952 Ordance Corps study for an advanced attack system (Hercules design studies began in February 1953, and personnel training began in 1956).  The "Improved Hercules system" was first deployed in 1961 and had "tracking, guidance, and interception" improvements by "modifying or replacing radar and electronics equipment".
Ellen J. Kennedy is the founder and Executive Director of World Without Genocide, a human rights organization headquartered at Mitchell Hamline School of Law, St. Paul, MN.
Dr. Kennedy earned a Bachelor of Arts in English and Psychology from the University of Michigan. She has masters degrees in Communications and English from Northern Michigan University and a masters in Sociology from the University of Minnesota. She also has two doctorates from the University of Minnesota.
Kennedy has published many articles on human rights and genocide in academic and mass publications.  Kennedy was also a regular contributor for Minnesota Public Radio from 2010 to 2012.
A mark of his convincing style all'antica is the fact that a bronze bust of a bearded man wearing a toga in the collection of the Rijksmuseum was long considered to be a Roman bronze. And a mark of the difficulty of attributions is the fact that it is attributed to Severo or to Tullio Lombardo
The species was described as new to science in the journal Mycotaxon in 2011. The type collection was made by a farmer in Panzhihua City, China (Sichuan Province) in 2007. Molecular phylogenetic analysis of ribosomal DNA sequences shows that the species groups in a clade with Tuber huidongense. The specific epithet sinoalbidum combines the Latin words for China (sino) and white (albidum).
The authors note that Tuber huidongense (endemic to Sichuan and Yunnan Provinces) resembles Tuber sinoalbidum in spore ornamentation, but the former species can be distinguished from the latter by the brown surface color and blackish gleba of mature fruit bodies.
Each lifter performed in both the snatch and clean and jerk lifts, with the final score being the sum of the lifter's best result in each. The athlete received three attempts in each of the two lifts; the score for the lift was the heaviest weight successfully lifted. This weightlifting event was the fifth lightest men's event at the weightlifting competition, limiting competitors to a maximum of 85 kilograms of body mass.
Disposable email addressing, also known as DEA or dark mail, refers to an approach which involves a unique email address being used for every contact, entity, or for a limited number of times or uses. The benefit is that if anyone compromises the address or utilizes it in connection with email abuse, the address owner can easily cancel (or "dispose" of) it without affecting any of their other contacts.
Further, because DEAs serve as a layer of indirection between the sender and recipient, if the DEA user's actual email address changes, for instance because of moving from a university address to a local ISP, then the user need only update the DEA service provider about the change, and all outstanding DEAs will continue to function without updating.
Another approach is to register one main email address and many auxiliary email addresses, which will forward all mail to the main address, i.e., the auxiliaries are used as aliases of the main address. The advantage of this approach is that the user can easily detect which auxiliary email is 'leaking' with spam and block or dispose it.
Some services require additional time to set up forwarding, but others allow to create new addresses "on the fly" without registering them with the service in advance. However, this method allows storage and access of all emails from a single main account, although to manage forwarding for some services the user has to remember the password for each alias.
Banning DEAs might not be as effective at deterring undesirable users. More effective techniques for controlling undesirables without inconveniences to legitimate DEA users might include: recognizing legitimate DEAs for what they are (they usually have a proper domain and a fixed prefix or suffix), distinguishing them from short-lived, random throwaway address patterns or domains used by undesirables, wildcard banning.
Petri Tapio Mattson is the founder of the Early music ensemble Opus X, and has worked as its artistic director from 1995 to 2006 and again from 2009 onwards. From 1999 to 2005 he worked as leader (concert master) for the Sixth Floor Orchestra (now the Finnish Baroque Orchestra). He has also appeared as leader and solo violinist with the Helsinki Baroque Orchestra, the Finnish-Estonian Baroque Orchestra, the Tallinn Baroque Orchestra, Lappeenranta Orchestra and Haapavesi Chamber Orchestra.
In addition to the violin and the viol, Petri Tapio Mattson has also performed on the viola. He has recorded for the labels Alba, BIS, Ondine, Fuga, Naxos, Aeolus and La Bottega Discantica. He has studied violin making under the guidance of luthier Pekka Suihkonen from Haapavesi.
Born in Bamberg County, South Carolina, Rhoad served in the United States Navy during World War II. 
Rhoad was a farmer and worked with the United States Post Office. He also served as a member of the Bamberg County Council. He served in the South Carolina House of Representatives as a Democrat from 1983 to 2007.
During his 24-year-long tenure in the South Carolina House of Representatives, Rhode worked to pass laws on turkey hunting, drug abuse and tax incentives for job creation. Rhoad was also involved in oversight of House personnel and facilities. He was a longtime chairman of the Agricultural, Natural Resources and Environmental Affairs Committees.
This article on a moth of the subfamily Dichomeridinae is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Green Lizard is a band from Tilburg, Netherlands that plays rock and roll, with influences from grunge, punk rock, hard rock and metal.
Green Lizard was founded in 1994 and the first big success happened in 1996 when they won the Big Prize of the Netherlands (annual competition for unknown bands to win money and gigs). Late 1997 they brought out The Nine EP  which was re-released a year later by record label Double T Music which would release their next album as well. This EP was produced by Jack Endino, famous for his work with Nirvana and Soundgarden (to name a few) and was recorded in just 9 days.
In March 2007, drummer Roeland Uijtdewilligen left the band. The physical strain of years of drumming took its toll. He'll continue to play in his folkband We Nun Henk. On April first he played his last show with Green Lizard, where Willy turned up to play a song with them. Jasper Dankaart, formerly of the metalband Agresion took over from Bram van den Berg (Krezip), who took over temporarily.
The band was on its way to write the next record when in November 2007 bassist Jay left the band. As a result, the band has suspended all current activities and it is unclear at this moment if the band will return.
Green Lizard is well known for their energetic live performances. The band has toured extensively, with bands like The Gathering, Krezip, Brainpower, Agresion, Soda P, The League Of XO Gentlemen, The Riplets, San Andreas and Cooper, and has performed with international acts like Alien Ant Farm, Dredg, Deftones, The Rasmus and Living Colour.  They have also played various festivals like Pinkpop, Lowlands, Roskilde, and the Vans Warped Tour.
On 20 July 2015 the Chilean Olympic Committee announced that Oyarzun had been sent home from the 2015 Pan American Games in Toronto after he had tested positive for the HIF prolyl-hydroxylase inhibitor FG-4592 in a pre-competition test. Oyarzun was at the Games to ride the time trial, but was sent home prior to the event.
This biographical article related to an English cricket person born in the 1910s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Owstonia is a genus of marine ray-finned fish belonging to the family Cepolidae, the bandfishes. It is the only genus in the monotypic subfamily Owstoninae. They are found in deep-waters of the Indian and Pacific Ocean.
Musicians who appeared on the series included Billie Holiday, Coleman Hawkins, Henry "Red" Allen, Pee Wee Russell, Marty Napoleon, Georgie Auld, Buster Bailey, Vinnie Burke, Roy Eldridge, J. C. Higginbotham, Les Paul, Dick Hyman, Anita O'Day, Connee Boswell, Mae Barnes, Chris Connor, Sylvia Syms, Mary Osborne, Teddy Charles, Harry Sheppard, Maxine Sullivan, Alec Templeton, Abbey Lincoln and many others.
The Defining Issues Test is a component model of moral development devised by James Rest in 1974. The University of Minnesota formally established the Center for the Study of Ethical Development as a vehicle for research around this test in 1982.
The personal interests schema are regarded as the least developmentally advanced level of moral reasoning.  In operating primarily at the Personal Interests level, the respondent takes into consideration what the protagonist of the story, or those close to the protagonist, has to gain or lose.  The Maintaining Norms Schema is considered more advanced than the Personal Interests Schema, as it emphasizes more than the individual.  
At the maintaining norms reasoning level, law and authority are important, as each of these helps to uphold social order, which is paramount to this schema.  So, a respondent who is predominantly using this schema will take into consideration what needs to be done in order to be compliant with the social order of society.  Finally, the Postconventional Schema is regarded as the most developmentally advanced.  
At the postconventional reasoning level, laws are not simply blindly accepted (as with the maintaining norms schema), but are scrutinized in order to ensure society-wide benefit.  So, a respondent who is primarily using this schema will focus on what is best for society as a whole.  For example, the civil rights movement was a product of postconventional reasoning, as followers were most concerned with the society-wide effects of inequality.  
Though an individual may rely more heavily on one of the aforementioned schemas, moral reasoning is typically informed, to varying degrees, by each of the schemas.
One of the Defining Issues Test's original purposes was to assess the transition of moral development from adolescence to adulthood. In 1999 the test was revised in the DIT-2 for brevity, clarity and more powerful validity criteria.
The Defining Issues Test has been dubbed "Neo-Kohlbergian" by its constituents as it emphasizes cognition, personal construction, development and postconventional moral thinking - reflective of the work by Lawrence Kohlberg and his stages of moral development.
Roxanne Donnery is a member of the Orange County legislature in Orange County, New York. She represents the 14th District as a member of the Democratic Party, which includes the town of Highlands and most of the town of Woodbury, both located in Orange County. She decided to run against Nancy Calhoun, who has represented the 96th District in the New York State Assembly for 20 years.
After County Executive Eddie Diana dropped the second lawsuit against the pipeline in March 2010, Donnery voiced her opposition to the move, citing unresolved issues with sewer treatment. She is currently supporting the efforts of three municipalities - Town and Village of Woodbury and Village of Harriman - in their lawsuit against the pipeline that seeks to pick up where the county left off.[citation needed]
As Chairwoman, Donnery made the creation of an independent watchdog agency - an inspector general to root out waste, fraud, and abuse in county government - a priority. After almost a full year of studying the concept, Donnery pushed for a vote at the end of the 2009 session and successfully persuaded the legislature to pass the measure. County Executive Eddie Diana, however, vetoed the bill shortly thereafter.
The Legislature voted in May 2010 to move forward on studying future options for the ownership and operation of the county-owned Valley View Center for Nursing Care and Rehabilitation. Donnery opposes some legislators' attempts to sell the facility as she claims that privatizing Valley View would endanger quality of care, price many patients out of the facility, and potentially lead to job cuts. She voted against the study both in committee as well as in the full legislature.
The 8th Kansas Infantry Regiment was an infantry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Companies A, D, G, and H of the 8th Kansas Infantry were organized at Lawrence, Kansas; the remaining companies were recruited from across the state. Company A was the first to muster in on August 28, 1861. The regiment mustered in under the command of Colonel Henry W. Wessells.
The regiment lost a total of 244 men during service; 3 officers and 94 enlisted men killed or mortally wounded, 3 officers and 144 enlisted men died of disease.
Blond Barbarians and Noble Savages is a 1975 collection of essays on the fantasy writers Robert E. Howard and H. P. Lovecraft by science-fiction writer L. Sprague de Camp, first published by T-K Graphics. It was reissued in 1986 by Borgo Press as number 2 in its Essays on Fantastic Literature series.
The work consists of an introduction and three essays, "Lovecraft and the Aryans," "Howard and the Celts," and "The Heroic Barbarian" (a revision of the author's earlier "Barbarians I Have Known"), together with bibliographies and an index. The second and third essays also appeared in de Camp's anthology of pieces on Howard, The Spell of Conan (1980). All three were reprinted in the later de Camp collection Rubber Dinosaurs and Wooden Elephants (1996).
The book was reviewed by Darrell Schweitzer in Fantasiae v. 3, no. 6, June 1975, J. Rosenbaum in Science Fiction Review Monthly 5, July 1975, Brian Stableford in Vector 81, May 1977, and Don D'Ammassa in Science Fiction Chronicle v. 10, no. 5, February 1989.
This article about a literary essay or essay collection is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about a biographical book on writers or poets is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Ryan was identified as possibly having been involved in Virginia's Jim Crow-era segregation laws during the naming process for an elementary school in Loudoun County; the school in question was ultimately named Waxpool Elementary School instead.
This article about a member of the Virginia House of Delegates is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
A fanfare drew attention to the Presidential Box and welcomed President of Azerbaijan Ilham Aliyev, First Lady, Chair of Baku 2015 European Games Organizing Committee Mehriban Aliyeva and President of the European Olympic Committees Patrick Hickey. The flag of Azerbaijan was carried by eight and raised by three servicemen of the National Guard of the Special State Protection Service of Azerbaijan.
American Singer Lady Gaga performed "Imagine", a cover from John Lennon at the event. The shapeshifting scene featured the representations of Yanar Dag and the Gobustan rock carvings, in particular. The woman on the stage (Nargiz Nasirzade) and the man (Aydemir Aydemirov) embodied the arrival of spring. Two thousand artists gathered at the scene to perform the yalli dance at the end. The opening ceremony was broadcast live on the official YouTube channel of the Games.
On 17 August, Slavia announced that the entire 61-member squad was tested negative for the COVID-19. On this day, the league FA also released updates in the COVID manual and the team has been released from the quarantine. In line with the manual, the team may resume its training and get ready for a match-week 1.
On 8 October, the Fortuna liga was postponed, initially until 25 October, but then extended until 3 November.
On 19 December, Slavia announced that Peter Olayinka had extended his contract with the club until June 2023.
On 5 January, Slavia announced the signing of Alexander Bah on a four-and-a-half year contract, with Taras Kacharaba signing on loan from Slovan Liberec the next day with an option to make the move permanent.
On 1 February, Petar Musa joined Union Berlin on loan for the remainder of the season, whilst Simon Deli returned to Slavia on a similar deal from Club Brugge.
Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
The 2019 Holy Cross Crusaders football team represents the College of the Holy Cross in the 2019 NCAA Division I FCS football season. The Crusaders, led by second-year head coach Bob Chesney, play their home games at Fitton Field as a member of the Patriot League.
The Patriot League released their preseason coaches' poll on July 30, 2019 (voting was by conference head coaches and sports information directors). The Crusaders were picked to finish in second place, receiving 2 of 14 first-place votes.
The Crusaders received an automatic bid (due to winning their conference) for the postseason tournament, with a first-round pairing against Monmouth.
Zip was a Canadian discount airline headquartered in Hangar 101 at Calgary International Airport, Calgary, Alberta. It was launched by Air Canada as a no-frills subsidiary in September 2002. It operated a fleet of 12 Boeing 737 aircraft, each painted in a bright, neon colour (blue, fuchsia, green, and orange) with a single class of service.  The subsidiary was headed by former WestJet CEO, Steve Smith.
As a direct competition to Canada's leading low-cost carrier Westjet, Zip flew mostly between the western cities of Abbotsford, Calgary, Edmonton, Vancouver, Saskatoon, Regina and Winnipeg.
Zip ceased operations in September 2004 when Air Canada resumed a full schedule on its western routes.
Zip was known for branding its advertising with 3 character words. Among them, "yuk" was printed on the air sickness bags, "bag" was printed on the personal baggage tags, and "yum" was printed on the napkins distributed with beverages on board. Large print advertisements were erected in many cities, which simply said "fly" and the company's website below, 4321zip.com. Today, the website redirects to the official Air Canada website, along with other subsidiaries' websites.
Zip operated a fleet consisting entirely of Boeing 737-200 aircraft, all obtained from the existing Air Canada fleet.
Zip's aircraft were painted in bright, neon colours on the fuselage, tail, and engines. Specifically, the colours blue, fuchsia, green, and orange were painted.
The fuselage was painted in the aircraft's colour, except for a white silhouette of a bee, with white dots trailing it. These dots extended to the back to the fuselage, leading to the tail of the aircraft, where Zip's logo was painted. On the engines, Zip's website, 4321zip.com was printed in white.
Towards the end of the airline, some aircraft were painted in a different livery. The main fuselage was white, with a small bee on the side of the nose. The 4321zip.com website was printed on the fuselage as well. The tail sectioned retained the same logo but with striping on the back. These were also in the original colors of blue, fuchsia, orange and green.
One aircraft was painted in a special Christmas livery with a red nose, a smile under the nose, and a large red & white striped scarf stretching down the fuselage.
Bram de Groot (born 18 December 1974 in Alkmaar) is a Dutch former professional road bicycle racer who last rode for UCI ProTour team Rabobank.
This biographical article related to a Dutch cycling person born in the 1970s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Samoa Party was a small party of Samoa. The party was founded in September 2005 by former auditor-general Su'a Rimoni Ah Chong on a platform of restoring the independence of watchdog institutions such as the Auditor-General. The party also aimed to provide free education, and impose a term limit on future Prime Ministers of two terms. During the 2006 Samoan general election, it did not secure any seats.
The party was disbanded in September 2010 and merged with the Tautua Samoa Party. Samoa Party leader Feo Nemaia Esau explained that the merger would form a more "united opposition" to the ruling Human Rights Protection Party.
It is a Quasi-Hilda comet. Due to perturbations by Jupiter, the 2005, 2013 and 2021 perihelion passages will be closer to the Sun. The comet is observable all through its orbit.
He represented his native country in two consecutive Summer Olympics (1996 and 2000). He won the men's discus throw event at the 2001 Mediterranean Games, and set his personal best (64.69 m) on 24 June 2000 at a meet in Ravenna.
Legionella santicrucis is a Gram-negative bacterium from the genus Legionella, which was isolated from tap water in  St. Croix on the Virgin Islands.
Horacio Alejandro Macedo Esquivel (born April 15, 1963) is a Mexican football manager and former player. He was born in Mexico City.
This biographical article related to a Mexican association football defender is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Alexis Bittar is the designer and CEO of the eponymous jewelry & lifestyle brand. Bittar was credited for reviving the art costume jewelry movement in the 1990s. 
In 2004 Bittar was named "Rising Star of the Year" at the ACE Awards, in 2010 he won the CFDA Accessory Designer of the Year award, in  November 2014 he received the Brand of the year from ACE.
Bittar was born in 1968 in Brooklyn, NY to Bob and Helen Bittar, both university professors and antique collectors.
In 1988 Alexis Bittar began to design his own line of jewelry. He bought his first block of Lucite in 1990 and holed up in his apartment figuring out how to hand carve it into the jewelry vision he had.
Using Lucite and semi-precious stones and metals, Bittar began selling handmade pieces on the streets of Soho. Dawn Mello, the fashion director of Bergdorf Goodman, discovered his work in 1992 and agreed to carry his designs, followed by Saks Fifth Avenue, the Museum of Modern Art, Harrods, and Isetan in Japan.
In 1996 he designed a limited edition set of home wares for Barneys New York and Takashimaya, and a collection of Lucite and steel furniture for The Cooper Hewitt Museum.
In 1998, Bittar launched the first of what would become many designer collaborations, working with Burberry, the British luxury fashion house.  Bittar designed Burberry's first Ready-to-wear jewelry collection, interpreting their trademark plaid onto Lucite.  Subsequent collaborations include legendary stylist and costume designer Patricia Field for Sex and the City, the Cooper-Hewitt Museum, Estee Lauder, Michael Kors, Jason Wu, Jeremy Scott, Michael Angel, and Phillip Lim.
In 2004, Alexis opened his first boutique on Broome St. and went on to open a total of 15 stores in the US.
In 2010, Alexis Bittar featured Joan Collins as the face of his Spring campaign. Bittar wanted to mimic 80's fashion and believed Joan was perfect for this role considering she was the 1980s soap opera Queen.
In spring 2015, Alexis Bittar cast two of the industry's most well known names in his ads, 93-year-old fashion eccentric Iris Apfel, and Tavi Gevinson, the teen blogger turned rookie editor turn Broadway star- 19. The ads were meant to highlight the essence of strong women.
In 2010, Alexis Bittar entered into partnership with Private Equity company TSG Consumer Partners and in 2015, they sold to Carolee LLC, the jewelry arm of Brooks Brothers.
One source discussing this oral tradition says that "almoravid Abu Bakar Ben Umar wad killed by the arrow of serer warrior Amar Godomat, in the month of shaa'ban 480 (november 1087). this regicide potentially signals his exodus after taking the name "Amar god o maat", "Amar (which) killed (the) king"."
Another source for Abu Bakr's death says "In the region of Tagant on his way to Djabal al-Dbahab, the Mountain of Gold, he was wounded, according to the chronicles, by a poisoned arrow, shot by an old black bowman who could not see unless his eye- lids were raised up to uncover his eyeballs. The black bowman asked his daughter to hold open his eyes so that he could aim his arrow. It struck the Amir in the knee. Abu Bakr turned his horse around and rode off..." dying when he arrived in Tagant.
He was a native of England, born in 1843 to Alice and James Irwin, a veteran of the British army. The family's original destination was California at the onset of the California Gold Rush, eventually making their way to Hawaii. He was enrolled at Punahou School 1856-57, at that time known as Oahu College. The school was established for children of missionaries, but later included children of Hawaii's royalty, and one future United States President, Barack Obama.
After working for other businessmen for several years, and shortly after the passage of the Reciprocity Treaty of 1875, Irwin partnered with John Smith Walker and Zephaniah Swift Spalding to form William G. Irwin & Co. That partnership was terminated in 1880. Irwin was president of the Paauhau and the Kilauea Sugar companies, held stock in other sugar companies, and was one of the March 1882 founders of the Planters Labor and Supply Company.
Irwin died in San Francisco on January 28, 1914, having retained his British citizenship throughout his life. His estate had an estimated worth in excess of $10,000,000 (equivalent to $258,372,093 in 2020), the bulk of which went to his widow. Other cash bequests were made to family members and household servants. Two charities in San Francisco each received $25,000.
Austintown Township is one of the fourteen townships of Mahoning County, Ohio, United States.  The 2010 census found 36,722 people in the township.
No municipalities are located in Austintown Township, although two census-designated places are located there: Austintown in the east (with 44% of the township's area and 81% of its population), and part of Mineral Ridge in the north.
The Meander Creek Reservoir occupies the western portion of the township.  Ax Factory Run creek flows west to east through central portion of the township with Woodside Lake forming a section of the creek.
Interstates 80 and 680 and State Route 11 are major traffic systems crossing Austintown. One exit on I-80 and one exit on State Route 11 serve the township.
Abdul Majeed was born on 15 November 1933. He was educated at Sivananda Vidyalayam, Batticaloa and Trincomalee Hindu College. He later studied at Wadia College, Bombay and Presidency College, Madras.
Abdul Majeed stood as a candidate in Mutur at the March 1960 parliamentary election but failed to get elected. He stood as the Sri Lanka Freedom Party (SLFP) candidate in Mutur at the July 1960 parliamentary election. He won the election and entered Parliament. He was appointed Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Public Works  in 1964.
Abdul Majeed was re-elected at the 1965 and 1970 parliamentary elections. He served as Deputy Minister of Information and Broadcasting from 1970 to 1977.
The 1976 Delimitation Commission created Seruvila Electoral District from parts of Mutur Electoral District. Mutur was demoted from a two-member district to a single-member district. Abdul Majeed lost his seat at the 1977 parliamentary election.
Abdul Majeed was assassinated on 13 November 1987. The militant Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam was widely blamed for the assassination.
This article about an Eastern Anatolia Region of Turkey location is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Corythucha arcuata, the oak lace bug is a species of lace bug Tingidae that is a pest of oaks in the Old World. It is native to the New world, and was first observed in Europe in 2000.
Mehran Shahintab (born March 21, 1966 Kermanshah) is an Iranian professional basketball coach. Currently, he is head coach of the Iranian national team and Shahrdari Gorgan.[citation needed]
Shahintab began his career at the age of 16 and soon became a member of the Iran National Junior Team in 1985. From 1991 to 1998 he played for Rah-Ahan Basketball Club for 8 consecutive seasons. Shahintab joined Peykan Basketball Club in 1998 and with them, he reached the I.R. Iran Super League final.[citation needed]
In total, he played 16 seasons in Iran's top-tier level super league, playing with Pas, Persepolis, Rah-Ahan, Peykan, and Azad University Basketball Club.[citation needed]
Shahintab's first competition with the senior Iran National basketball team was the 1989 ABC Championship in Beijing, China. He helped Iran National basketball team to achieved the 4th place in 1993 ABC Championship in Jakarta. In 1995 after playing for Iran National basketball team in Asian Basketball Confederation (ABC) Championship in Seoul[citation needed] Shahintab announced his retirement from international competition.
In 2000, Shahinatb was named the head coach of the Iran national men's junior basketball team. With Iran's U18, he took the silver medal at the WABA Championship U18 in Yemen 2000. With U16 he took the gold medal at the WABA Championship U16 in Tehran 2001, gold medal at the WABA Championship U16 in Jordan 2002, and finally the first gold medal in Iran's basketball history in Asia continent at the 2004 FIBA Asia Under-18 Championship at Bangalore, India.[citation needed]
This biographical article relating to a Japanese softball figure is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Because of public outcry during construction of The Central Artery, elevated for most of its length and reviled because it cut off views of and access to Boston's historic waterfront, it was decided by then-Governor John A. Volpe that the final section of the artery was to be put underground from just south of Congress Street to Kneeland Street near Boston's Chinatown section.  At the time of its construction, it was the widest vehicular tunnel in the world.
At one time, a bus terminal serving Peter Pan, Bonanza, and other regional bus lines sat atop the tunnel near its northern portal.  That bus station has since been relocated to the major intermodal transportation hub at South Station.
Dennis Geiger (born 30 June 1984) is a German footballer who plays as a defender, most recently for SSV Jeddeloh.
This biographical article related to association football in Germany, about a defender born in the 1980s, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Rockridge is a residential neighborhood and commercial district in Oakland, California.  Rockridge is generally defined as the area east of Telegraph Avenue, south of the Berkeley city limits, west of the Oakland hills and north of the intersection of Pleasant Valley Avenue/51st Street and Broadway. Rockridge was listed by Money Magazine in 2002 as one of the "best places to live".
The Oakland firestorm of 1991 came within 1/2 mile of College Avenue, destroying a large part of the Upper Rockridge area east of Broadway.  A memorial wall was created under the Rockridge BART station, located on College Avenue, following the fire.
The main thoroughfare in Rockridge is College Avenue. The district is bounded by 51st Street on the southern end and Berkeley's Elmwood district on the northern end. The College Avenue strip running through Rockridge is home to more than 80 restaurants, cafes and upscale retail stores, including several bookstores specializing in used and rare books. Rockridge Market Hall, a collection of gourmet food establishments, is located there.
Dreyer's Ice Cream maintains its international corporate headquarters in Rockridge on College Avenue, and operates its only retail ice cream parlor on the premises, where it offers visitors the opportunity to test new flavors and products.
The Rockridge Branch of the Oakland Public Library is one of the most visited establishments in the neighborhood and is home to an extensive collection of children's books and audio/visual materials.
BART travel times from Rockridge to Montgomery Station near San Francisco's downtown financial district averages 22 minutes. Travel times to Downtown Oakland averages 8 minutes.
Many Rockridge residents are involved in their neighborhood's political, educational and cultural life. Rockridge has several community organizations including the Rockridge District Association and the Rockridge Community Planning Council. The Rockridge News is published monthly and hand delivered to every resident's home.
Chabot Elementary School in Rockridge, founded in 1927, serves grades kindergarten through 5th grade. Chabot consistently scores high in statewide assessments, and the Chabot PTA offers extensive after-school programs including language immersion classes and arts and music classes.
Mentoring Academy is a private independent high school that offers individualized, self-paced, mentored instruction[citation needed]. Mentoring Academy, located at 5951 College Avenue, was founded by John Muster in 2012.
Post-secondary education is offered by the California College of the Arts, formerly the California College of Arts and Crafts. The school was founded in 1907 and has been located at its present site, at the intersection of College and Broadway, since 1922.
Professional education for Roman Catholic priests and friars is offered at St. Albert's College, a Dominican institution located on Birch Court near Claremont Middle School.
Legislative elections were held in Austria on 1 October 2006 to elect the 23rd National Council, the lower house of Austria's bicameral parliament.
In addition to the parties already represented in the National Council, eight parties collected enough signatures to be placed on the ballot. Three of these were cleared to be on the ballot in all states, five of them only in some.
The Freedom Party of Austria campaigned with party leader Heinz-Christian Strache as their leading candidate.
They stated abolishment of tuition fees for universities and cancelling the order for Eurofighter as conditions for entering a government.
The party presented an election programme with the title "10 points against a shift to the left in Austria". Policies included: lowering of number of foreigners by 30%, limits for the share of non-native German speakers in classes and termination of the European Union's accession talks with Turkey.
Leading candidate for the Communist Party of Austria was Mirko Messner. Hoping for a basic mandate in the constituency Graz, the Communist Party made heavy use of the Styrian politician Ernest Kaltenegger, who managed to secure one of the best election results in the history of the party when gaining 20% of the votes in the municipal elections in Graz. Points of their election campaign included a tax for the rich as well as higher minimal pensions and wages.
Ergazakis was born in Polithea, Heraklion. He studied law in Athens and worked as a lawyer in Heraklion. He was a candidate for Heraklion with the Liberal Party in the 1926 Greek legislative election, getting 1,584 votes, and in the 1946 election with the Independent Liberals, getting 606 votes. He was elected member of parliament for Heraklion with the Democratic Union in 1956.
Ergazakis died in 1979 and in his will he created a scholarship for poor students, founding the Ergazakeio Foundation.
This article about a Greek lawyer, judge or jurist is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Caspar Getman Farmstead is a historic home and related farm outbuildings located near Stone Arabia in Montgomery County, New York.  It includes the main house and ell, two lateral-entry English barns, a New World Dutch barn (c. 1790), limestone smokehouse (c. 1850), and former chicken coop (c. 1920).  The house has a two-story main block, five by five bay, with a center entrance, with an attached 1 1/2 story ell.  It has a moderately pitched gable roof and is clad in clapboards.
This article about a historic property or district in Montgomery County, New York, that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
In August 1992 Norrie's son Duncan was killed in a plane crash over Nepal. Duncan was honored by having a street in Winnipeg named after him.
A vascular malformation, is a blood vessel or lymph vessel abnormality. Vascular malformations are one of the classifications of vascular anomalies, the other grouping is vascular tumors. They may cause aesthetic problems as they have a growth cycle, and can continue to grow throughout life.
Vascular malformations of the brain (VMBs) include those involving capillaries, and those involving the veins and arteries. Capillary malformations in the brain are known as cerebral cavernous malformations or capillary cavernous malformations (CCMs). Those involving the mix of vessels are known as cerebral arteriovenous malformations (AVMs or cAVMs). The arteriovenous type is the most common in the brain.
A simple division of the vascular malformations is made into low-flow and high-flow types. Low-flow malformations involve a single type of blood or lymph vessel, and are known as simple vascular malformations; high-flow malformations involve an artery. There are also malformations that are of mixed-flow involving more than one type of vessel, such as an arteriovenous malformation.
Low-flow vascular malformations include capillary malformations, venous malformations, and lymphatic malformations.
Venous malformations are typically ill-defined masses, coloured from pale to dark blue. They can affect any tissue in the body. The mass is soft, and easily compressed, and their blue colouring is due to the dilated anomalous involved veins. They are most commonly found in the head and neck. Venous malformations can often extend deeper from their surface appearance, reaching underlying muscle or bone. In the neck they may extend into the lining of the mouth cavity or into the salivary glands.
Lymphatic malformations are congenital, developing from badly-formed lymphatic vessels in early embryonic development. Abnormal development of the lymph vessels results in their failure to connect and drain into the venous system.
A severe venous malformation is known as a lymphaticovenous malformation that also involves the lymph vessels.
In the brain a cerebral arteriovenous malformation causes arterial blood to be directly shunted into the veins as there is an absence of a capillary bed. This carries a high risk of an intracranial hemorrhage.
Xerocrassa diensis is a species of air-breathing land snail, a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae, the hairy snails and their allies. This species is endemic to the island of Dia in Greece.
Overseas Adventure Travel (O.A.T.) is part of the family of travel companies owned by Boston-based Grand Circle Corporation, offering group Adventure travel to Africa, the Arctic Asia, Central and South America, Europe, Australia and New Zealand. O.A.T. has small groups with a maximum of 16 travelers on land trips and 25 travelers on trips with a ship portion. O.A.T. has also been recognized for leadership in tourism and in philanthropy.
In 1978, former high school teacher Judi Wineland established O.A.T. After she went to Africa, she became the first woman to launch and operate an adventure travel company. In 1993, O.A.T. was acquired by the Grand Circle Corporation, owned by Alan and Harriet Lewis. Grand Circle Corporation also includes Grand Circle Cruise Line and Grand Circle Travel.
Through the company's Grand Circle Foundation, which consists of the Lewis Family Foundation, millions of dollars have been pledged toward education and preservation since 1992. In 2007, Harriet Lewis founded a program called Next Generation Leaders, that gives internships to students from Boston at the Grand Circle office. In 2012, O.A.T. pledged $600,000 to benefit WBUR, which was the largest donation in the station's history.
It is similar to the related species Phyla nodiflora, but differs in having much longer and more pointed leaves. Both species are common as weeds and in the ornamental environment.
An older scientific name for this species is Lippia lanceolata, and in some older references 'frogfruit' is provided as a common name.
The Acadian French name for the plant is "caille eau," stemming from the superstition that it can curdle water.
The Clonmel Oil Chase is a Grade 2 National Hunt steeplechase in Ireland which is open to horses aged four years or older. It is run at Clonmel over a distance of about 2 miles and 4 furlongs (2 miles 4 furlongs and 51 yards, or 4,070 metres), and it is scheduled to take place each year in November.
The event is named after its sponsor, the Clonmel Oil Company. It was first run in 1992 over 3 miles in December and was initially known as the Morris Oil Chase.  It was cut by half a mile in 1994, and at the same time it was moved to November. The race was given Grade 3 status in 1995, and it was promoted to Grade 2 level the following year. It was first run under its present title in 2003.
Esther Luella Sherman(18 August 1893- 23 January 1982) known as Ragini Devi was an Indian classical dancer of Bharata Natyam, Kuchipudi, Kathakali and Odissi, which she popularised in the west.
Vector is a 2012 platform game for Windows and Mobile developed and published by Russian studio Nekki. It is an arcade-styled parkour game with the objective being to break free from the cycle as a free runner.
The game received a 2016 sequel titled Vector 2 that continues the storyline of the original. The protagonist from the first installment was eventually captured by security forces, but, instead of killing him, the antagonists decide to use his skills to test some new equipment in a secret research facility. When the protagonist dies, a new body is created for them. 
Gameplay similar to the previous game and several tricks return such as"Swallow, Screwdriver,Dash Vault, Obstacle Jump, Rocket Vault, Ralflip Vault , Reverse Vault and many more 
With the success of Vector, Nekki decided to create another game like it that used a silhouette as the main protagonist.  That game became a fighting game titled Shadow Fight, released exclusively on Facebook in 2011.  This spiritual successor to Vector eventually became a trilogy, spawning two sequels that became available on iOS and Android in 2014 and 2017.
HMAS Echuca (J252/M252), named for the town of Echuca, Victoria, was one of 60  Bathurst-class corvettes constructed during World War II, and one of 36 initially manned and commissioned by the Royal Australian Navy (RAN).
Echuca was laid down by HMA Naval Dockyard at Williamstown, Victoria on 22 February 1941. She was launched on 17 January 1942 by Lady Royle, wife of First Naval Member Sir Guy Royle, and commissioned into the RAN on 7 September 1942.
On 5 March 1952, Echuca and three other Bathurst-class corvettes (HMA Ships Inverell, Kiama, and Stawell) were transferred to the Royal New Zealand Navy (RNZN). She was commissioned into the RNZN in May 1952, and received the prefix HMNZS.
The corvette remained in service with the RNZN until 1967, although from 1953 she was classified as being in reserve. She was sold to Pacific Scrap Limited of Auckland for scrapping on 11 April 1967.
Le Chauchet is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France.
Sterling District No. 5 Schoolhouse is a historic school building located at Sterling in Cayuga County, New York.  It was built about 1853 and is a two-story hewn timber frame building with a front-facing gable roof, built above a mortared rubble stone foundation.  It is rectangular in shape and measures 28 feet by 38 feet.  It was used as a school into the 1950s.  It has since been used by the Sterling Historical Society for museum display space and as the Town Hall.
This article about a historic property or district in Cayuga County, New York, that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Originally from Chipman, New Brunswick, Bishop ran a logging and sawmill business in Queens County prior to his election to the legislature.
He served in the Executive Council of New Brunswick as Minister of Natural Resources, Minister of Transportation and President of the Executive Council in the government of Richard Hatfield. Following the 1987 provincial election, in which the opposition Liberals won every seat in the legislature and left the Conservatives seatless, Bishop was a candidate for the interim leadership of the party, but lost to Malcolm MacLeod.
Melognathus is a genus of tarantulas (family Theraphosidae) with the sole species Melognathus dromeus, native to the  Philippines.
Cary Harris (born March 22, 1987) is an American football safety who was most recently a member of the Edmonton Eskimos. He was drafted by the Buffalo Bills in the sixth round of the 2009 NFL Draft. He played college football at Southern California as a cornerback. He currently is the head football coach at Calabasas High School (Calabasas, CA).
Harris prepped at Notre Dame High School in Sherman Oaks, California where he played running back and cornerback and ran a 10.75 100 meter dash in track.
Harris was a three-year starter between 2006 and 2008.  He played reserve in 2005.  He was a two-time All-Pac-10 honorable mention player in 2007 and 2008 and was considered a top cornerback for the 2009 NFL Draft.
Harris was drafted by the Buffalo Bills in the sixth round (183rd overall) of the 2009 NFL Draft. He was waived during final cuts on September 5, 2009, but was re-signed to the team's practice squad on September 6. He was promoted to the active roster on November 20, and recorded two interceptions in the final game of the 2009 season against the Indianapolis Colts. He was re-signed on March 29, 2010.
He was released by the Bills on October 22, 2010, and worked out for the Philadelphia Eagles shortly afterward, but was not offered a contract.
On November 24, 2010, Harris was signed to the Minnesota Vikings' practice squad, but was released on December 1.
Harris signed a reserve/future contract with the New York Giants on January 13, 2011. He was waived/injured on August 16 and later reverted to injured reserve. He was released with an injury settlement on August 28.
This list is for lists of places of worship in Wealden in the United Kingdom. There are more than 170 current and former places of worship in Wealden, the largest of six local government districts in the English county of East Sussex. Several former places of worship have been demolished.
Nicole de Weever (born 1979) is a dancer and choreographer from Sint Maarten. After completing her primary schooling in the Caribbean, she moved to the United States, completing education. She has performed in film, on television and appeared on Broadway in  the musical Fela! during its initial run in 2009 and reprise in 2012, after a world tour. She was honored as a cultural ambassador by the government of Sint Maarten in 2009.
In addition to her work in dance, de Weever founded a non-profit organization, Art Saves Lives, on Sint Maarten in 2012. The NGO uses art therapy to assist troubled youth and helps them learn creative means of expression. It also organizes workshops for students to learn from noted Caribbean artists and provides cultural exchange programs where students can visit other islands in the Caribbean or in the United States to develop their skills.
Doctor Armenian is a Professor in Residence at the University of California in Los Angeles, President Emeritus of the American University of Armenia, and Professor Emeritus at Johns Hopkins University.
Haroutune Armenian started painting in Beirut in 1976 during the civil war in Lebanon. His works have been exhibited in Beirut, Los Angeles and Yerevan.
The screenplay of the film was written by director Lucrecia Martel. Martel said, "The film isn't strictly autobiographical, but what I put in it is my personal experience in life, my memories. When I was in my teens, I was a very religious person. I thought I had a special relationship with God, or anything that was up there. Now, I don't believe in miracles, but I do believe in the emotion you feel in front of a miracle - the emotion of something unexpected revealed to you."
As part of the way she uses the camera the film has few establishing shots or transition shots because she makes the case it physically separates a space from its moment in the film.
Filming location The film was shot entirely in Salta, in the Salta Province, Argentina.  The director/screenwriter was born in Salta.
The film first opened in Argentina on 6 May 2004.  It was selected for competition and featured internationally at the 2004 Cannes Film Festival on 16 May.
The film was also shown at various film festivals, including: the Karlovy Vary Film Festival, the Toronto International Film Festival, the Helsinki International Film Festival, the London Film Festival, the Hong Kong International Film Festival, and the Reykjavik International Film Festival.
In the United States it was presented at the New York Film Festival on 10 October 2004, and the Seattle International Film Festival on 20 May 2005. Fine Line Features gave it a limited US theatrical release on 29 April 2005.
Kevin Thomas, critic for the Los Angeles Times, wrote, "[the film] reveals the style, insight and confidence that are the marks of a major director."  He also said of director Martel, "[She's] a subtle artist and a sharp observer, Martel manages a large cast with an ease that matches her skill at storytelling, within which psychological insight and social comment flow easily and implicitly."
Film critic Ruth Stein also credits director Martel for capturing the mood of the film, and wrote, "Martel is especially good at capturing a claustrophobic environment, and she wisely leaves ambiguous the question of the doctor's complicity in Amalia's frenzied state. He fails to recognize her when she starts stalking him -- an indication of the randomness of the act done to the accompaniment of a theremin."
The film currently holds a 77% approval rating at Rotten Tomatoes, with 43 of 56 reviews being favorable.
The Group Bravery Citation is a bravery decoration awarded to Australians. It is awarded for a collective act of bravery by a group of people in extraordinary circumstances that is considered worthy of recognition. The Group Bravery Citation was created in 1990. The decorations recognise acts of bravery by members of the community who selflessly put themselves in jeopardy to protect the lives or property of others.
The Australian Government "It's an Honour" database contains 695 entries of people who have been awarded the medal.
Bundibugyo General Hospital, also Bundibugyo District Hospital or Bundibugyo Hospital, is a hospital in the Western Region of Uganda.
Hu Liu (a/k/a Tiger Liu; born July 6, 1961, in Xining, Qinghai, China) is a retired FIFA referee and the current Canadian Soccer Association's Director of Referees.
This biographical article relating to Canadian soccer is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Heart, Mind and Soul is the fourth album by American recording artist El DeBarge. It was released in 1994 on  Reprise Records, and was produced by El DeBarge, Babyface, and Jermaine Dupri.
The album contains the hit singles "Can't Get Enough," which peaked at #21 on the Billboard Hot R&B Singles chart, and "Where Is My Love," which peaked at #19.
The Washington Post wrote that "the unwavering intensity of DeBarge's voice, even in the highest octaves, gives his claims of tender devotion a rare credibility." Vibe praised DeBarge's collaborations with Babyface, writing that "while Heart, Mind and Soul might not find a star fully reborn, most of its better tracks point to the inception of a promising partnership."
Peter Seitz (born 1931) is a graphic designer, author, teacher and business owner who served as the first design director at The Walker Art Center (Minneapolis, MN), and helped establish the graphic design program at the Minneapolis College of Art and Design.
After Yale, Seitz was hired by the architectural firm, I.M. Pei & Associates. In 1964, Walker Art Center director Martin Friedman appoints Seitz design curator and editor of the Design Quarterly, a national publication of applied arts, architecture, and design.
In 1971, Seitz began teaching graphic design classes part-time at the Minneapolis College of Art and Design. He served as Chair of the Design Department from 1977 to 1978, and as Acting Chair of Design from 1998 to 1999. Seitz assembled one of the first computer graphics laboratories at MCAD in 1981. Seitz retired and became MCAD professor emeritus in 2002. His life and work is chronicled in "Peter Seitz: Designing A Life".
This article related to a British film of the 1900s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The project of Tucuruvi station arose in 1978, during the first update of HMD plan (originally contracted by Metro in 1968), after receiving the data from the 1977 "Origin-Destination" research. Besides the definition of the expansion directives to Tucuruvi, the construction was contracted only in 1986, not before being target by two controversies.
Pleurotomella expeditionis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
Johnny is a Canadian drama film, directed by Carl Bessai and released in 1999. Inspired by the Dogme 95 movement, the film stars Chris Martin as Johnny, a young man who is making a film about squeegee kids around Toronto, but begins to manipulate them into performing increasingly dangerous stunts.
The cast also includes Gema Zamprogna, Kris Lemche, Vanessa Shaver, Clinton Walker, Rainbow Sun Francks, Kyra Harper, Hrothgar Mathews, Sabrina Grdevich and Hugh Dillon.
The film was inspired by Bessai's prior work on a documentary about street kids, during which he found that many of them had difficulty expressing themselves until he gave them video cameras and asked them to film something that represented their own first-person views of their lives.
The film premiered in the Perspective Canada program at the 1999 Toronto International Film Festival, where Martin was one of three actors, alongside Liane Balaban for New Waterford Girl and Karine Vanasse for Set Me Free (Emporte-moi), given special jury citations by the Canadian film jury for their performances.
This article related to a Canadian film of the 1990s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Indian Aces were a tennis team based in New Delhi, India that competed in the International Premier Tennis League (IPTL). It is one of the four charter franchises which had participated in the IPTL's inaugural 2014 season and are champions of the first edition.
The Mumbai franchise (as the Aces were still known at the time) participated in the IPTL inaugural draft on 2 March 2014, in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
On 25 July 2014, the Aces announced that their home matches would be played at Indira Gandhi Indoor Stadium in New Delhi, Delhi.
On 16 October 2014, IPTL announced it had reached an agreement for the Indian television broadcasting rights with STAR Sports.
The Born Free Tour is the second headlining concert tour by English stage actress and singer Kerry Ellis with Brian May. The original 2012 tour comprised 11 dates in and around the home counties of England, beginning on 5 November 2012 at the Apex in Bury St Edmunds, and finishing at the Swan Theatre in High Wycombe.
A second leg will tour further venues in England, and also visit Ireland and Wales. It will begin on 17 June 2013 at St John Evangelist Church, Oxford, and finish at the Dublin Olympia on 30 June 2013. A third leg will see Ellis and May taking The Born Free Tour to mainland Europe, for one date in France, one in Austria and four in Italy in July 2013.
Unlike the previously extravagant Anthems: The Tour (2011), this tour is presented as a series of intimate and acoustic shows performed under candlelight where the pair perform to raise awareness of their work for the Born Free Foundation. Receiving positive reviews, the tour was complimented by critics for the pairing of May's sound and Ellis' vocals.
Ellis and May released a live album from the first leg of The Born Free Tour, Acoustic by Candlelight, available digitally, on CD, and on vinyl. The album was released on 17 June 2013 to coincide with the second leg of the tour.
Karakoumi (Greek: Karakoumi; Turkish: Karakum) is a village in Cyprus, located about 2 kilometers from Kyrenia. De facto, it is under the control of Northern Cyprus.
Norton Junction was a railway junction and goods yard that served multiple coal lines and mineral lines to and from the local collieries and other industrial-related businesses, most notably Pelsall Steelworks and Walsall Wood Colliery.
Traffic into the junction began to decline in the 1950s following closure of many local mines and collieries. The lines to Ryders Hayes, Brownhills and Hednesford closed in 1964 along with the entire junction. 
The entire site has been built on by housing and roads but some of the trackbed can still be followed as far as Pelsall and Brownhills.
Hope Morgan Ward (born September 18, 1951) is a bishop of the United Methodist Church, elected and consecrated to the episcopacy in 2004. She has served as the Bishop of North Carolina since 2012.
Hope Morgan Ward was raised on the Morgan family farm in Corapeake, North Carolina. She graduated from Duke University in 1973 with an A.B. degree in English and Religion. She entered seminary at Duke Divinity School and completed the M.Div. degree in 1978.
Bishop Ward married career educator Michael E. Ward in 1977. Mike served as the North Carolina Superintendent of Public Instruction  from 1997 - 2004.  The Wards have two children, Jason and Brooke.
Perezi Karukubiro Kamunanwire is a Ugandan academic and diplomat. He was Ambassador of Uganda to the United States from 2006 to 2013. He was appointed to that post on 15 May 2006 and served until June 2013.
The Prizefighter and the Lady is a 1933 pre-Code Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer romance film starring Myrna Loy and the professional boxers Max Baer, Primo Carnera, and Jack Dempsey. The film was adapted for the screen by John Lee Mahin and John Meehan from a story by Frances Marion. Marion was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Writing, Original Story.
While working as a barroom bouncer, sailor Steve Morgan impresses alcoholic ex-boxing manager "the Professor" with his skills. The Professor talks Steve into entering a prize fight with an up-and-coming boxer to make money for both of them.
Steve quickly rises through the boxing ranks. However, he cannot keep from fooling around with other women. When Belle catches him in a lie, she tells him that she loves him, but if he cheats on her once more, she will leave him. While waiting for a bout for the heavyweight championship of the world, Steve performs in a musical revue. When Belle unexpectedly goes to his dressing room, she finds a woman hiding there. It is the end of their marriage. She gets her old job back with Willie.
Anxious to see the overconfident Steve humiliated, Willie finds out what is holding up the match with the current champion, Primo Carnera (playing himself), and pays $25,000 to set it up. When the Professor tries to get Steve to train properly (without women and liquor), Steve gets angry and slaps him, ending their partnership.
Later, Willie enters Belle's nightclub dressing room and tells her she is fired. Then he brings Steve in and leaves the couple alone to reconcile.
This movie was the film debut for Baer and Carnera. Dempsey, on the other hand, had already appeared in a number of films, dating back to 1920s Daredevil Jack.
Howard Hawks was the initial director, but left the set when he found he would be working with non-actor Baer, not Clark Gable. MGM replaced Hawks with W. S. Van Dyke.
The film grossed a total (domestic and foreign) of $933,000: $432,000 from the US and Canada and $501,000 elsewhere resulting in a loss of $105,000.
Carnera was the world heavyweight boxing champion at the time of the film's release. Baer defeated Carnera in their real-life June 14, 1934, fight, knocking him down a record 11 times. He was supposedly able to do this after watching Carnera's fighting style during the movie's filming.[citation needed]
Roxane Batoul Farmanfarmaian (born February 1955) is a British lecturer in international politics at the University of Cambridge.
She obtained her BSc from Princeton University, and her MPhil and DPhil from the University of Cambridge.
This biography article of a United Kingdom academic is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Idaea fuscovenosa, the dwarf cream wave, is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found in the Palearctic,
Idaea fuscovenosa prefer warm and dry habitats. In the North of the range the species is usually limited to sun-exposed hedge rows, dry forests and forest edges, grassy areas, gardens and uncultivated land.
The USA South Athletic Conference (formerly the Dixie Intercollegiate Athletic Conference or the Dixie Conference) is an athletic conference which competes in the NCAA's Division III.  Member schools are located in North Carolina, Virginia, Georgia, Tennessee, Alabama, and Kentucky.
Shenandoah University left the USA South on the above date, to become a full member of the Old Dominion Athletic Conference (ODAC), a league in which it held associate membership in several sports.
Christopher Newport University left the USA South after the 2012-2013 season to join the Capital Athletic Conference in all sports except for football which will remain a USA South affiliate member through the 2015 season.
On May 10, 2012, Covenant College and Huntingdon College announced plans to leave the Great South and join USA South Athletic Conference beginning in the 2013-2014 season.
The most recent change to the USA South membership was revealed on March 8, 2021 when Averett University announced its intention to leave the USA South and join Ferrum College in the ODAC as a full member in 2022.
In 2021, in a report by U.S. News & World Report, Middleton High School was named as the best high school in Dane County and it was also named 11th best high school out of around 540 in the state of Wisconsin.
Middleton High School has four school orchestras, the Cardinal Orchestra for freshmen, the Sinfonia Orchestra for sophomores and juniors, the MHS Philomusica Orchestra playing music from many different musical genres from outside the world of regular orchestra music, and the Symphony Orchestra with winds, brass, and percussionists selected from the Wind Ensemble for the full orchestra experience.
Middleton High School has three school bands, the cardinal band for freshman, the concert band for sophomores and juniors, and the wind ensemble for seniors and juniors by audition. The MHS marching band was invited to perform in London in the 2011 and 2015 New Year's Day Parade.
Science bowl is an academic competition ran through the Department of Energy (DOE). This club was founded by David Jiang.
 Middleton high school has qualified for the national competition in the year of 2021 after winning their state competition. The team that year consisted of David Jiang, Hansen Jin, Jonah Guse, Sanjay Suresh, and Trevor Chau. The team that year was coached by Erik Johnson, a science teacher at Middleton High School, and Bruce Koeller, a retired middle-school science teacher and plant pathologist.
"Heads Will Roll" is a song by American indie rock band Yeah Yeah Yeahs, released as the second single from their third studio album, It's Blitz! (2009). The CD and 7-inch singles were released in the United Kingdom on June 29, 2009. The song is sung from the viewpoint of the Queen of Hearts in Lewis Carroll's Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.
The song was remixed by Canadian DJ A-Trak for the film Project X. The remix has over 159 million views on YouTube.
Rantic.com (formerly SocialVEVO and Swenzy) is a social media marketing website that sells fake likes, followers, views and web traffic.
In 2014, an online threat to release nude photos of actor Emma Watson turned out to be a hoax orchestrated by Rantic. Following Watson's launch of a UN gender equality campaign, a website emerged claiming photos of the actor would be released via 4chan. When the countdown ended the site redirected users to Rantic.com where a message claimed the group aimed to shut down 4chan.
In April 2015, a Facebook engineer said the site's effort to crack down on the "small problem", coupled with an effort to help pages gain authentic followers instead, had shut down most of the fake "like" sellers. Rantic called itself one of fewer than a dozen such companies remaining, and has promised to refill any "likes" or followers lost to account sweeps by the operators of sites including Facebook and Instagram.
Glenelly St Joseph's (Irish: Gleann Eallaigh Naoimh Seosaimh)  is a Gaelic Athletic Association club. The club is based in Plumbridge, County Tyrone, Northern Ireland and serves the parish of Badoney Upper, which includes the villages of Plumbridge and Cranagh. The club concentrates on Gaelic football, with ladies Gaelic football also provided for. 
The men's senior team in 2017 will compete in Division 3 of the Tyrone All-County Football League and will play in the Tyrone Junior Football Championship.
The ladies senior team in 2015 will compete in Division 2 of the Tyrone Ladies All-County Football League and will play in the Tyrone Senior Ladies Football Championship.
Bryan Hurlburt (born June 9, 1979) is an American politician who has served as the Connecticut Commissioner of Agriculture since 2019. He previously served in the Connecticut House of Representatives from the 53rd district from 2007 to 2013.
Via Margutta is a narrow street in the centre of Rome, near Piazza del Popolo, accessible from Via del Babuino in the ancient Campo Marzio neighborhood also known as "the foreigner's quarter".  Mount Pincio is nearby.  Via Margutta originally was home to modest craftsmen, workshops and stables, but now hosts many art galleries and fashionable restaurants.
From Piazza di Spagna, one can take via del Babuino, turn right on via Albert, and via Margutta will be on the left.
The name probably originates from the word "Marisgutta", meaning "Sea Drop", a gentle euphemism for a dirty stream that came down from the hill of the villa of the Pincii, used like a natural Roman Cloaca. Via Margutta was behind the palaces of Via del Babuino (Baboon road), where warehouses and stables were found.[citation needed]
Via Margutta today is a charming, quiet lane.  Although it is fully in the city centre, it still maintains its garden atmosphere, perfumed by trees and vineyards, which has made it a perfect choice for artists, painters, sculptors, and antiquarians, even though many of former artists' studios have been converted into flats and apartments.
Among the historical inhabitants of the street were Giulietta Masina, Federico Fellini, Renato Guttuso, Marina Punturieri, and Amerigo Tot.
Babb was educated at Stellenbosch University and at Oxford having been awarded the Joerg Gosteli bursary. While at Oxford, he rowed with the Lincoln College VIII and was part of the first crew to attempt to beat the Guards' record of fifteen and half hours for rowing from Oxford to London. Thereafter he joined South Africa's Department of Foreign Affairs. He also earned a law degree from the University of South Africa with a distinction in Constitutional Law.
Babb worked as a schoolteacher in 1964 before continuing his education at Oxford University (Lincoln College). In 1967, he joined the Department of Foreign Affairs where he produced the book "Prison Administration in South Africa" while in the legal division of the Department. In 1969 he had his first overseas posting when he was assigned to the South African embassy in Paris where he served as secretary for three years.
During this time he was made Chairman of the Young Diplomats Association of Paris. He returned to Pretoria in 1972 and was Training Officer with the Department. He authored the book "Training for the Diplomatic Service".
In 1975, he returned to Paris where he was the embassy's counsellor and then in 1978, he moved to the South African embassy in Rome. Here he was asked to play cricket for the first Italian international team against the Indian Globetrotters and played in two matches. In 1981, he again returned to South Africa to become head of the Africa Desk at the Department of Foreign Affairs and held that position for four years.
Babb's mission as Ambassador to Canada began in 1985 while South Africa was in crisis and international pressure on Pretoria was mounting. Canadian Prime Minister Brian Mulroney threatened to break off diplomatic relations with the country when he spoke at the United Nations.
In 1987 he addressed the Royal Military College, Kingston, Ontario on the "Strategic Value of South Africa".
In 1987, Babb was recalled to South Africa to take over as head of the Africa division and deputy director-general of the Department of Foreign Affairs. As such, he initiated, after a meeting with President Sassou Nguesso of the Republic of the Congo, the Brazzaville talks for the withdrawal of South African troops from Angola and ending the country's involvement in the South African Border War.
Babb subsequently left parliament after two years, in 1991, and returned to the Department of Foreign Affairs, serving as South Africa's ambassador to Italy During that time, South Africa established diplomatic relations with Albania, Malta and San Marino, to which he was accredited as ambassador. He was appointed the first South African Permanent Representative to UN Food and Agriculture Organisation since 1963.
He also served as Commissioner of the Commonwealth War Graves Commission in Italy. In 1995, Babb left government service. Later that year he became chairman of AGIP Lubricants. From 1995 to 2002 he was a trustee of the Arthur Childe Army Award Trust.
In 1997 he was appointed Director of the Cape Philharmonic Orchestra. A year later, he was appointed consultant to the government of the Western Cape and he continued in that role till 2002. In the same year, he was appointed Honorary Consul General of the Republic of Turkey with jurisdiction for the Western, Northern and Eastern Cape Provinces.
In 2005, his firm Babrius was appointed by the Secretariat of the African, Caribbean and Pacific Group of Countries [ACP] aligned to the EU to write a report, "Study on the Future of the African, Caribbean and Pacific Group of Countries" which was published in French and English by the ACP in Brussels on 13 February 2006
In 2010 he authored the monograph "Abubakr Effendi - A young Turk in Afrikaans" relating to the work of the Islamic scholar sent in the 19th Century by the caliph to instruct the Muslims of the Cape. He has also been active with various business pursuits such as long-lasting milk [PARMALAT], oil lubricants, manufacturing, a tourism service, manufacturing wine vats and owning an office support and internet service.
In January 2009 Babb was shortlisted for the position of Chief Executive Officer of NEPAD in the African Union.
In December 2012 he published an article in the African Yearbook of Rhetoric on rhetorical action in diplomacy with specific reference to the relative fortunes of Indians in Canada and indigenous peoples in South Africa. This led to an interview on CBC Radio.
In July 2014 Babb was appointed chairman of the Ethics Committee of Southern Wind Shipyard and non-executive director of the company.
In September 2015 Babb organised the international Sol d'Oro Southern Hemisphere Olive Oil competition in Cape Town which ended with a gala prize-award evening at the residence of the first Italian ambassador to South Africa, Casa Labia.  It was attended by the Premier of the Western Cape, Helen Zille, and the Minister of Agriculture, Alan Winde.
He was elected Chairman of the Muizenberg Historical Conservation Society in December 2016. In October 2018 he was elected Trustee of the Fish Hoek Valley Museum.
Babb has published short stories and poetry, articles on legal subjects, and numerous other reports and articles, including:
Until 18 July 2020, Stavnytsia belonged to Letychiv Raion. The raion was abolished in July 2020 as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine, which reduced the number of raions of Khmelnytskyi Oblast to three. The area of Letychiv Raion was merged into Khmelnytskyi Raion.
The ruins of the Nevitske castle  - "Castle Rakoczy" are preserved in the village. This is the only monument the 16th century of fortification that has been preserved in Ukraine. The first mention of the castle appeared in the 1274th year. In 1644, the castle was destroyed by the Hungarian Monarch Ferenc Rakoczy.
On the outskirts of the village were found Scythian settlements and settlement Cherniakhivska culture.
Smashed Gladys were an eighties glam metal band, formed in 1984, with Sally Cato on vocals, Bart Lewis on lead guitar, J.D. Malo on bass, and Matt Stelluto on drums. The band also had a succession of secondary guitar players (who, according to available credits, played some leads as well as rhythm): Tommy Wah in 1986, then Roger Lane from 1987 until the band's career ended. Cato and Lewis met in Canada, then moved to New York City, where they completed the line-up and built their career.
Ozzy Osbourne provided backing vocals for their song "Cast of Nasties". Lewis, Malo and Stelutto  made cameo appearances in the music video for the Run-D.M.C. cover of "Walk This Way".
Smashed Gladys's self-titled YouTube channel was curated by Sally Cato, the band's primary songwriter.
Charles Wilkes called the river the "Upthascap River", but after the discovery of coal along its banks in 1876 the river was renamed "Carbon".
The source of the Carbon River is the Carbon Glacier on the north side of Mount Rainier in the Cascade Range. The river's upper reach is contained within Mount Rainier National Park. Some of the river's headwater tributary streams include Cataract Creek and Spukwush Creek. The Carbon River quickly enters a broad glacial valley in which it deposits thick layers of glacial sediment. This causes the river to meander and become braided.
Having run generally northwest, the Carbon River turns more directly west until it is joined by Evans Creek just before the small settlement of Fairfax. From Fairfax to Carbonado the Carbon River flows north through a narrow gorge, with Gleason Hill to the east and Wingate Hill to the west.
After passing Carbonado and receiving the tributary Lily Creek, the river valley broadens again and the Carbon River resumes its generally braided and meandering pattern. It turns west, flowing through an increasingly broad floodplain to the town of Crocker, where the river is joined by one of its main tributaries, South Prairie Creek. Just below Crocker another major tributary, Voight Creek, joins.
Below Crocker the Carbon River flows northwest to join the Puyallup River. The city of Orting is located at the confluence, in the floodplain between the Carbon and Puyallup rivers.
Flooding occurs frequently in the upper Carbon River valley. In 2006, a major flood resulted in the river forming new stream channels and in the process washing-out a portion of the Carbon River Road. The road is the main entrance to the northwestern part of Mount Rainier National Park. Part of the road essentially became a new channel of the river. Other parts of the road were washed away.
As with other rivers flowing from Mount Rainier's glaciers, the Carbon River valley is at risk of lahars.
The following represents the major supporting cast associated with the show.(Source: The Complete Directory to Prime Time Network and Cable TV Shows, 1946-Present (Ninth edition))
In 1941, the Nelsons joined the cast of The Red Skelton Show, also providing much of the show's music. The couple stayed with the series for three years. They also built their radio experience by guest appearances, together and individually, on many top radio shows, from comedies such as The Fred Allen Show, to the mystery titan Suspense, in a 1947 episode called "Too Little to Live On".
Before the television series aired, Ozzie Nelson persuaded ABC to agree to a 10-year contract that paid the Nelsons whether the series was canceled or not. The unprecedented contract and Ozzie's insistence on perfection in the series' production paid off in the series' remarkable longevity.
In the decades since the series' cancellation, it has been continuously shown on stations in public domain prints. Between 1985 and 1994, The Disney Channel aired the series as remastered from original 35mm film elements, with new introductions by Harriet Nelson.
PBS member station KVCR-TV in San Bernardino, California (in the Los Angeles market) aired the series as late as May 2010, connected to the station's nostalgic television series, I Remember Television.                  In addition, the majority of the series can be found on YouTube, most with original commercials.
Collector/historian Martin Grams Jr. presently owns the production materials, scripts, casting call sheets, contracts, telegrams, letters and other materials significant to the radio and television series.
Author Jim Cox addressed the radio program's cultural significance in an article that appeared in SPERDVAC's Radiogram in early 2008.
Ozzie's Girls premiered on local stations, including New York's WABC-TV, in September 1973. It ended in September 1974 after one season. (Though never a major hit, Ozzie's health was beginning to fail at the same time, and he would die in June 1975, less than a year after Ozzie's Girls ended.)
Ozzie Nelson continued to work in show business after the failure of the short-lived sitcom Ozzie's Girls. He took on the role of producer and director for some of TV's popular series, most notably Adam-12, The D.A., and Bridget Loves Bernie. In 1975, Ozzie Nelson died of liver cancer at the age of 69.
Following Ozzie's death in 1975, Harriet grew reclusive. In 1989, she made her last onscreen appearance in her granddaughter Tracy Nelson's TV series, Father Dowling Mysteries. Harriet never fully recovered from Rick's death and died of congestive heart failure and emphysema in 1994 at the age of 85.
Ozzie, Harriet, and Rick are interred together at Forest Lawn, Hollywood Hills Cemetery, in Los Angeles, California.
David Nelson continued to produce feature films and television commercials and owned his commercial production company. David died from colon cancer on January 11, 2011.
The series attracted large audiences and became synonymous with the 1950s ideal American family life. Although it was never a top-ten hit, Nelson's long-term contract with ABC and the lower expectations that came with being on the lowest-rated of the Big Three television networks at the time ensured that the show accrued enough episodes to remain the longest-running live-action sitcom in United States television history by number of episodes aired to the present day.
Reptilian humanoids are fictional organisms of varied species in folklore, science fiction, fantasy, and conspiracy theories.
Victor Kremer (born June 1870 in Germany) was a music publisher, film producer and distributor, as well as a real estate developer in the U.S. An immigrant from Germany, Kremer established a music publishing company. He later acquired studio space to produce his own films and acquired film rights from Essanay as it shut operations. His company reissued several Charlie Chaplin films.
Kremer was production manager for W. H. Clifford's short-lived film company. After it failed, he distributed the company's Shorty Hamilton western films from his namesake film company.
Texas Guinan made two films with his production company. He also made a film with opera sensation Lina Cavalieri.
Two directors attempted to bring suit for improper allocations of money after being removed from the company.
His music publishing company produced several songs by Theron Catlen Bennett. He reported success selling the he song "Tattle Tales" he composed by Bert Peters with words by Harold Atteridge.
The British Families Education Service (BFES) was an organisation set up by the British Government in 1946 to run schools for the children of British military and government personnel serving in West Germany.
Over the years, the BFES and its later incarnations opened schools at British Armed Forces bases around the world, such as in Hong Kong, Singapore, Cyprus, Malta, Gibraltar, Mauritius and Malaya.
During the early 1970s, BFES became the Service Children's Education Authority (SCEA), an agency overseen by the British Army. In 1989 it came under a new administration and was renamed Service Children's Schools (SCS) before adopting its current name Service Children's Education (SCE).
Left was born in a Detroit suburb to a Jewish family and later moved with his family to Coral Springs, Florida. He attended Coral Springs High School where he was a member of the debate team and president of the Jewish youth group. He attended Northeastern University in 1993.
Left became active in short selling by the age of 24. He has cited his experience with Universal Commodity Corp as the reason he started short selling stocks promoted by boiler-room scams. When the boiler rooms eventually went out of business, Left started shorting stocks from bulletin-board scams, in which people would send out email blasts saying, "Buy this stock now or you'll miss out."
In April 1999, Left became president and CEO of Detour Media. He was named director of the company in November 1999. In 2002, his then employer Detour Media sued Left and prevailed on a $25,000 default judgment against him.
Left switched to shorting the stocks full-time, using his own research to publish free reports on firms he feels are overvalued or engaged in fraud. In 2001, he founded StockLemon.com, now known as Citron Research. According to Left, he has made profits every year since he started short selling. He was a keynote speaker at the 2017 and 2018 Harvard Business School Investment Conference.
Left initially started StockLemon.com in 2001 as a self-published blog containing reports on controversial companies. He rebranded the site as Citron Research in 2007. Left researches and short sells companies he believes to be engaged in fraud, have been suspiciously promoted, or have been mistakenly overpriced by the stock market.
According to a Wall Street Journal analysis of 111 Citron short-sale reports spanning from 2001 to 2014, there was an average share-price decline of 42 percent in the year after Left's report was released. Of those shares, 90 were lower one year later while 21 gained, according to data from S&P Capital IQ.
GTX Global Corp. sued Left for defamation after a 2005 article he published through Citron about GTX Global. In 2007, the case was dismissed under California's anti-SLAPP statutes which cover writings about publicly traded companies as matters of public interest.
In October 2015, The Globe and Mail of Toronto, quoted independent research firm 5i Research Inc CEO Peter Hodson, as stating that "What they seem to do quite well is they're able to spin existing facts into a horrible scenario. It reads very badly," and that "Their job as a company is to create the most amount of panic so they and their clients can make the most amount of money."
In January 2021, Citron Research stated in an interview held by Andrew Left that the company has covered the majority of its short positions after the GameStop short squeeze in the $90s/share at a loss of 100%, now having a small manageable position. The Wall Street Journal reported Left being targeted online, including an incident where Left's social media accounts were hacked to text his children and used "threatening, profane and personal language".
In 2011, Left released a report through Citron about Longtop Financial, a financial software house based in China, accusing it of defrauding shareholdings, over-reporting revenues, and lacking transparency in the company's acquisition process. The report pointed out Longtop's outsized margins and unexplained stock grants and pointed out Longtop's relationship with China's largest banks. The company was later issued a Wells notice of impending criminal charges from the SEC.
In 2019, the Hong Kong Court of Appeal dismissed Left's appeal against the decision of the Market Misconduct Tribunal. The Court of Appeal dismissed Left's application for leave to appeal to the Court of Final Appeal. On 8 July 2020, the Court of Final Appeal also dismissed Left's application for leave to appeal.
Left has two children from his previous marriage. He shared custody of the children with Alan E. Salzman and his ex-wife Andrea.
In 2018, following the Stoneman Douglas High School shooting, Left created a scholarship for students of the school. The award provides five seniors per year between 2018 and 2021 a $10,000 scholarship.
Confluentibacter  lentus  is a Gram-negative, aerobic and rod-shaped bacterium from the genus of Confluentibacter which has been isolated from water from Hwajinpo from the Sea of Japan.
In 1931, he began teach at the Art Students League. His work was part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1932 Summer Olympics. He taught until 1958. He died of a heart ailment in Addison Gilbert Hospital in Gloucester, MA, at the age of seventy-nine on September 26, 1963.
Scary Movie is an American film series that comprises five parody films mainly focusing on spoofing horror films. The films have collectively grossed almost $900 million worldwide at the box office. The two recurring actresses are Anna Faris and Regina Hall as Cindy Campbell and Brenda Meeks, appearing in all installments except the fifth film. 
Scary Movie is the first film of the franchise. It was the highest-grossing film of the series, with $278,019,771 worldwide. It is a spoof of several films and television shows, with a primary focus on Scream and I Know What You Did Last Summer.
After a group of teenagers (consisting of Cindy Campbell (Anna Faris), Bobby Prinze (Jon Abrahams), Buffy Gilmore (Shannon Elizabeth), Greg Phillipe (Lochlyn Munro), Ray Wilkins (Shawn Wayans), and Brenda Meeks (Regina Hall)) accidentally hit a man with their car, they decide to dump his body in a lake and never talk about it again. A year later someone wearing a Ghostface mask and robe kills them one by one.
Scary Movie 2 is the second film of the franchise. It grossed $141,220,678 worldwide with $71,308,997 in the U.S. This is the last installment to receive an R-rating and also marks the end of the Wayans siblings' involvement with the franchise.
The film starts with a parody of The Exorcist, in which Megan Voorhees (sharing the same last name as the fictional serial killer Jason Voorhees) is possessed by Hugh Kane, and two priests, Father McFeely and Father Harris (James Woods and Andy Richter) have to force Hugh Kane out. But after Megan insults McFeely's mother he shoots her in the head.
Cindy, Brenda, Ray, and Shorty return in this film. Greg, Buffy, and Bobby are replaced by Buddy (Christopher Masterson), Theo (Kathleen Robertson), and Alex (Tori Spelling).
The film then merges into a parody of The Haunting with the story beginning when a perverted college professor, Professor Oldman (Tim Curry) and his wheel-chair bound assistant, Dwight (David Cross), plan to study ghosts inside a haunted mansion with the clueless teens as bait.
At the house, strange things happen: Ray gets attacked by a clown (whom he also rapes), Shorty gets attacked by a living marijuana plant, Cindy gets in a fight with a possessed cat, and Dwight gets into an argument with a foul-mouthed bird. When they find out about the professor's plan they try to escape the house, finding out that there is a ghost who still lives in the house. They must defeat the ghost in order to escape.
Scary Movie 4 is the fourth film of the franchise. The film opened with $40 million at the weekend box office, making it the third best opening in the series. With a $178,049,620 at the worldwide box office, Scary Movie 4 ranks as the third highest grossing entry. The main target of spoof was War of the Worlds, Saw, The Village and The Grudge. The film concludes the story-arc that began with the first film and is also the last in the series to feature any of the original cast members.
Scary Movie 5 is the fifth film of the franchise. It is the only film in the series to not feature Anna Faris and Regina Hall. The film was panned by critics and fans alike, and grossed $72,992,798 worldwide in the box office, thus being the least successful film in the franchise.
Jody (Ashley Tisdale) and Dan Sanders (Simon Rex) move into a new home after adopting three mysterious children. There are video cameras to record the events, and Jody and Dan soon discover that a powerful creature known as "Mama" is haunting them, trying to claim their newly adopted children.
Scary Movie's main parodies are of Scream and I Know What You Did Last Summer, with elements of The Sixth Sense, The Matrix, and The Usual Suspects.
Scary Movie 2's primary target is The Haunting, while the rest of the film contains traces of The Exorcist, What Lies Beneath, Poltergeist, Titanic, The Amityville Horror, Hollow Man, and Charlie's Angels.
Scary Movie 3's general parodies are of The Ring and Signs. It also features elements of The Others, Airplane!, 8 Mile, The Matrix Reloaded, The Texas Chainsaw Massacre, and Minority Report.
Scary Movie 4's parodies are of the Saw films, The Village, The Grudge, and War of the Worlds, as well as Million Dollar Baby and Brokeback Mountain.
Scary Movie 5's central areas of satire are the Paranormal Activity films, Mama, Black Swan, and Rise of the Planet of the Apes. Other notable parodies are those of The Cabin in the Woods, Evil Dead, Fifty Shades of Grey, Inception, Sinister, and Madea.
Gyton Stephen Grantley (born 17 July 1980) is an Australian actor and comedian, best known for his portrayal of convicted murderer and drug trafficker Carl Williams in the hit Australian television show Underbelly, for which he was nominated for both Most Outstanding Actor in a Drama Series and Most Popular Actor for the 2009 TV Week Logie Awards and the 2008 AFI award (winning for Most Outstanding Actor in a Drama Series). Grantley won the 2009 Logie Award for Most Outstanding Actor.
Grantley was educated at the Anglican Church Grammar School in Brisbane, where he graduated in 1997. During his school years, he was a rugby union player and a rower. He was also heavily involved in drama and theatre-sports, and won the Headmaster's Prize for Drama in his senior year. He later attended the Queensland University of Technology.
Grantley began his television acting career in 2003, starring in Fat Cow Motel. Over the next two years, he had small guest roles in Marking Time, Small Claims and The Cooks. In the summer of 2005 / 2006, he had a role in the short lived series headLand. In 2006, he had a small role in Foxtel's Supernova series and in 2007, had a 10-episode guest role in Home and Away.
In 2008, Grantley shot to fame in the high rating drama, Underbelly, where he played antagonist and criminal Carl Williams. With this role he won the 'Most Outstanding Actor' award at the Logies.
In 2012, Grantley was cast in a new series, House Husbands, playing the character Kane Albert. In 2015, Grantley left the series after its fourth season, however returned in the fifth-season finale for a brief appearance.
He was announced in late 2013 that he would be reprising his role of Carl Williams in the sequel/spin-off series Fat Tony & Co. which was not placed under the Underbelly franchise (for financing reasons) and focused on the rise and fall of Tony Mokbel, who also featured in the original series, played by Robert Mammone.
In 2017 Gyton took on his first TV presenting role as Host of TEN's Pooches at Play, a lifestyle show all about dogs and our relationship with them. In 2018 he is performing in the theatrical production Hand to God and continues his hosting role on Pooches at Play.
He appeared in two short film entries for the 2009 Tropfest Short Film Festival, including Being Carl Williams where Grantley, playing himself, is abducted by two criminals who mistake him for Carl Williams after his role in Underbelly.
He appeared as Ron Weasley in the Australian production, in Melbourne, of Harry Potter and the Cursed Child.
Grantley is actively involved with the Australian organisation, Polished Man, which helps support and raise awareness for children affected by violence.
On 20 March 2012 the exterior of the building was awarded protected building status - added to the "Denkmalliste des Landes Brandenburg".
"Crawl" is a song by American recording artist Chris Brown. It is the second single from his third studio album Graffiti, released as a digital download on November 24, 2009. The song was produced by The Messengers and was written by Brown. The song is about yearning to rebuild a failed relationship and was interpreted by critics as being about Brown's former relationship with Barbadian singer Rihanna. However, Brown has stated the song is not about any of his previous relationships.
Brown performed the song on his 2009 Fan Appreciation Tour, and on Black Entertainment Television's SOS Saving Ourselves: Hope for Haiti Telethon, to raise money for the country after the 2010 earthquake that devastated the area. Eric Ditzian of MTV News noted that although the song was rumored to be about Rihanna, "the lyrics also at times seemed to fit the evening's focus, like when Brown sang, "If we crawl till we can walk again/ Then we'll run until we're strong enough to jump."
After the song's premiere on Brown's MechanicalDummy.com website, "Crawl" made its official debut on the R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart at number ninety-nine. After its release for digital download on November 23, 2009, it later peaked at fifty-nine. On the week ending December 12, 2009, "Crawl" debuted on the Billboard Hot 100 at sixty-eight and peaked at fifty-three.
Central Bedfordshire is a unitary authority in Bedfordshire, England. It was created on 1 April 2009 replacing Mid Bedfordshire, South Bedfordshire and Bedfordshire County Council.
Since the first election to the council in 2009 political control of the council has been held by the following parties:
When the Norway U18 team met Turkey twice in three days in August 2007, Fellah was badly injured in a challenge with Serdar Aziz in the second game and broke his calf bone. He required surgery, and lost the rest of the 2007 season. The injury would not heal properly, and during the fall of 2008 he had to operate again. Fellah came back fully in the 2009 season playing a total of 23 games in Tippeligaen.[citation needed]
Utku Asuroglu (born 1986 in Istanbul, Turkey) is a Turkish composer of acoustic and electro-acoustic music. He currently resides in California. He is the recipient of various awards including the 40th Irino Prize for Chamber Music and the Outstanding Artist Award for Music of the Austrian Ministry of Culture. In 2014, Beat Furrer wrote: "The craftsmanship and form of his music unite to create an extraordinarily inspired art".
A selection of his works can be found on the website of German contemporary music publisher Edition Gravis.
Holtan-Hartwig and Folstad met in 2010 at Liverpool Institute for Performing Arts (LIPA), and started working together as producers and songwriters for other artists. They have worked on songs for and with artists such as SVAL, Julie Bergan, Ylvis, Norah Benatia and OMVR. They their debut single "Alright Right Now" was released in 2015. They are known for their specific combination of Scandinavian melancholy and club music.
The duo has performed at the Norwegian industry festival and showcase by:Larm two years in a row. First in 2016 and again as featuring artists in 2017. They have performed at the X-Games Hafjell (2017) and Trondheim Calling along with artists like Julie Bergan, Mugisho and TRXD. Since their debut they have also performed at a number of student bars, festivals and local arenas across Norway.
A Scottish athletics sprint champion born in Cumnock, Ayrshire, and educated at Ayr Academy, Beveridge was capped three times by the Scotland national football team between 1879 and 1880 while studying at the University of Glasgow and playing for Glasgow University F.C. He scored one international goal - against Wales in March 1880. He later moved to the University of Edinburgh to study divinity.
In 1883 he became the Reverend Beveridge and was ordained as a Church of Scotland minister. He lived and worked in Port Glasgow until his retirement in 1927. Beveridge was an ardent supporter of the Temperance movement in Scotland and published a pamphlet, 'The athlete and alcohol: a message to young men', now held in New College Library (Special Collections) Edinburgh University.
This biographical article related to an association football player in Scotland is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This biographical article relating to Scottish athletics is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Dharmanagar railway station is the main railway station in North Tripura district, as well as Tripura state also.  It is the oldest railway station in the state. It serves Dharmanagar and nearby cities of the district. The station consists of 3 platforms. The platform is not well sheltered. It lacks many facilities including water and sanitation.
This article about a railway station in the Indian state of Tripura is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Paget became a Candidate of the College of Physicians on 17 October 1643 and was elected a Fellow on 4 November 1646. Six months later he presented the College with a copy of the works of Francis Bacon, the most important 17th century philosopher of science, signalling a commitment to his empirical method.
On 3 May 1655 Paget was elected for the first time to the prestigious post of Censor of the College of Physicians, responsible for policing its monopoly of medical practice and accreditation. He replaced the distinguished and recently deceased Christopher Bennet. He was re-elected to the post in 1657 and 1659.
Paget remained connected with wide networks of savants, both within his professional life and in his wider interests in science, politics and culture.
Early in 1651, the year after publication of De Rachitide, Paget is known to have corresponded with Samuel Hartlib On 7 December he lent manuscripts on alchemy to Elias Ashmole, who was at that time working on his most important compilation, Theatrum Chemicum Britannicum.
Paget was a friend of John Milton, whose third wife Elizabeth Minshull was Paget's cousin, once removed. It was Paget who introduced them. Around the same period, in 1662, he also found, as reader for the blind Milton, Thomas Ellwood, who reported his first meeting with the poet:
Pennington was a notable early Quaker and evidently an associate of Paget: he employed Ellwood as a tutor to his own children, at least once disrupting Milton's progress. The earliest biography of Milton is anonymous: Paget has been suggested as the author.
Paget's library was celebrated, and contained over 2,000 titles. It contained Milton's own works, both prose and poetry,  a large collection of pamphlet literature from the period, including many publications relating to the Quakers, and a collection of the works of Fausto Sozzini (Socinus), who initiated an important strain of Nontrinitarianism in Protestantism. According to Christopher Hill
Nathan Paget must have been a man congenial to Milton in many ways. His literary taste seems to have been Spenserian; he was at least strongly interested in anti-Trinitarianism and mortalism; he may have been one of the Socinian Baptists to whom Sewel refers in 1674. His very special interest in Boehme, whom he appears to have read in the original German (he had several German dictionaries) makes it likely that he would have discussed him with the poet.
Thomas Paget died in October 1660. His will, proved on 16 October, divided his property between his two surviving sons, Nathan and Thomas, but mentions also three surviving daughters, Dorothy, Elizabeth and Mary. Paget nominated as supervisor of the will Thomas Minshull, an apothecary of Manchester, who was Nathan's cousin and uncle of Elizabeth Milton.
Paget's lecture itself seems to have disappeared but, to meet Harvey's terms, it must have been delivered in Latin and included "an exhortation to the Fellows and Members to search and study out the secrets of Nature by way of experiment."
Paget was named an Elect of the College of Physicians on 8 May 1668. He was also  elected Censor again in 1669 and 1678.
Paget's famous library was sold off by William Cooper, an auctioneer of books who specialised in the occult sciences. A full catalogue was published in 1681, under the title: Bibliotheca medica, viri clarissimi Nathanis Paget, M.D., cui adjiciuntur quamplurimi alii libri theologici, philosophici, &c.; quorum omnium auctio habebitur Londini, ad insigne Pelicani in vico vulgo dicto Little-Britain 24 die Octobris1681.
Born in California, Sumney was raised by pastor parents, and moved with his family back to Ghana at the age of 10. He described his childhood as "Americanized" by this age and had difficulty adjusting to the culture of Ghana, especially the rural nature of his new environment. There he grew up on a goat farm in Accra and commuted by public bus to school. His family returned to Southern California when Sumney was 16, settling in Riverside.
He did not learn to play any instruments until he was older, writing a cappella music for years instead. Sumney did not perform his musical compositions publicly until he was 20.
After high school, he moved to Los Angeles in 2010 to attend the University of California, Los Angeles. He majored in creative writing and studied poetry, which helped him improve his songwriting.
He has performed at venues such as the Hollywood Bowl and alongside artists such as Dirty Projectors, Junip, St. Vincent, and Local Natives. Sumney sang on the opening track of Beck's album Song Reader. On September 30, 2016, Sumney released Lamentations, an EP which featured a guest appearance from Thundercat.
In December 2020, Sumney's single "Me in 20 Years" was featured in a special episode of the HBO drama Euphoria. Sumney contributed a cover of the Metallica song "The Unforgiven" to the charity tribute album The Metallica Blacklist, released in September 2021.
In 2018, Moses Sumney's self-directed music video "Quarrel" won a SXSW Film Festival Special Jury Award, and was nominated for a Camerimage award and UKMVA. In 2020, his self-directed video for "Cut Me" was nominated for a UKMVA for Best Alternative Video - International. Both of his albums have topped the year-end lists of Pitchfork, NPR, New York Times, Stereogum, and more.
This is the list of awards and nominations received by Senegalese-American singer, rapper and record producer, Akon.
The MTV Video Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony established in 1984 by MTV. Akon has the record for most nominations in the Most Earthshattering Collaboration category.
Edgar Breau is a musician in Ontario, Canada. He was a member of the Hamilton-based band Simply Saucer in the 1970s, and has explored a solo career in recent years.
In 1974, Simply Saucer recorded a demo tape of music under the supervision of Robert Lanois which combined psychedelic, Krautrock and early punk influences (Syd Barrett, the Velvet Underground and Iggy Pop have been cited as among the band's influences). The band broke up in 1979, and their recording was not released until 1989 as Cyborgs Revisited.
Cyborgs Revisited was first issued on CD in 1992, by the Chicago-based Fistpuppet label. A remastered edition, with additional material from the 1977-1979 version of Simply Saucer, was issued in 2003 by Hamilton's Sonic Unyon label.
In 2004, Breau issued a solo album entitled Canadian Primitive.  Recorded over a period of 14 years at Grant Avenue Studios in Hamilton, the album was generally described as folk-psychedelia. On September 16, 2006, the 1978-79 line-up of the Saucer, featuring ex-Teenage Head guitarist, Steve "Sparky" Park, reunited for a six-song cameo appearance at the Corktown Tavern in Hamilton.
A new edition of Saucer has been created featuring original bassist Kevin Christoff, guitarist Steve Foster, theremin/electronics/guitarist Dan Wintermans, and drummer Joe Csontos.  A new album, Half Human, Half Live, was released in 2008.
Breau campaigned for the Legislative Assembly of Ontario in the 1999 Ontario provincial election, as a candidate for the right-wing, socially conservative Family Coalition Party. He received 386 votes (1.16%) in Hamilton East, finishing well behind the winner, Dominic Agostino of the Liberal Party.
Fingar received his B.A. in Government and History from Cornell University (1968), and his M.A.(1969) and Ph.D.(1977) in Political Science from Stanford University. His principal languages are Chinese and German.
"Dr. Fingar oversaw preparation of the landmark 2007 National Intelligence Estimate (NIE) on Iran, in which all 16 U.S. intelligence agencies concluded with "high confidence" that Iran had halted its nuclear weapon design and weaponization work in 2003. The Estimate's key judgments were declassified and made public, and have been revalidated every year since.
Fingar's academic career has been primarily at Stanford University, where several research appointments included Senior Research Associate in the Center for International Security and Arms Control (CISAC), and Director of the Stanford U.S.-China Relations Program.
He served as Assistant Secretary and head of the Bureau of Intelligence and Research (INR) for the United States Department of State from 23 July 2004 until May 2005. He is a career member of the Senior Executive Service. His principal foreign languages are Chinese and German. Dr. Fingar has published dozens of books and articles, mostly on aspects of Chinese politics and policymaking.
He currently serves on the board of directors of the National Committee on United States-China Relations.
Fingar's political views are primarily discernible from his published works on China, where he promoted a policy of strategic cooperation.
The Rag first hit the streets in Austin on October 10, 1966. Thorne Dreyer and Carol Neiman were the original editors of the paper.  (They were called "funnels" in keeping with the paper's democratic structure.)  The Rag was closely associated with SDS and played a major role in bringing together the anarchist-leaning New Lefties and Austin's rich countercultural community, helping to merge them into a major political force.[citation needed]
Former staffer Alice Embree recalls that "The Rag covered what was not covered by the 'straight' press.  The writers participated in the political and cultural uprising and also wrote about it.  And they told you where to get a chicken dinner for 35 cents." The Rag featured the writing of major New Left figures like Gary Thiher, Jeff Shero, Robert Pardun, and Greg Calvert.  It covered the Austin rock scene which was one of the birthplaces of the psychedelic music phenomenon.
According to John McMillian, author of the 2011 book Smoking Typewriters, The Rag "was a spirited, quirky, and humorous paper, whose founders pushed the New Left's political agenda even as they embraced the counterculture's zeal for rock music, psychedelics, and personal liberation," and, according to historian Douglas Rossinow, the paper was "enormously important to local activists."
The Rag featured news coverage and commentary on the War in Vietnam and the movement opposing it, the Civil Rights Movement, the student freedom movement, the development of the New Left and SDS, the psychedelic rock and folk music scenes, and the sixties counterculture movement, of which Austin was a major outpost. It also carried national and world news and opinion from Liberation News Service (LNS) and from other underground newspapers around the country.
Many of the underground newspapers met with establishment opposition, harassment and even legal action. In Austin, the regents at the University of Texas sued The Rag to prevent circulation on campus. David Richards, attorney for the American Civil Liberties Union, successfully defended The Rag's First Amendment rights before the U.S. Supreme Court.[citation needed]
The Rag Blog is an Internet news magazine with roots in the Sixties underground press and New Left. A digital rebirth of Austin, Texas' influential underground paper, The Rag, The Rag Blog features commentary on news, politics, and cultural affairs, and many of its contributors are long-time alternative journalists and veterans of Sixties underground journalism.
Founded in 2006 by Richard D. Jehn, The Rag Blog is edited by Thorne Webb Dreyer and is published by the New Journalism Project, a Texas 501(c)(3) nonprofit corporation. It is affiliated with Rag Radio, a weekly public affairs program produced in the studios of KOOP 91.7-FM, a cooperatively run community radio station in Austin.
In a June 2012 feature article on Austin's leading political bloggers, CultureMap Austin put Thorne Dreyer and The Rag Blog at the top of its list.
The Rag Blog features commentary on contemporary politics and culture and has been an original internet source on subjects like Occupy Wall Street, the environmental and sustainability movements, and other issues of social activism, and also provides original reporting from Latin America, Europe, and the Middle East. The Rag Blog has featured the work of over 150 bloggers, many of whom are veterans of the original Rag and the Sixties underground press and New Left.
The Rag Blog has also been a target of right wing bloggers and conspiracists, including Trevor Loudon, Cliff Kincaid, and WorldNetDaily, who characterize The Rag Blog as "radical leftists" and as a media arm of "former Weatherman terrorists," and suggest that it is connected to President Obama through the groups Progressives for Obama and Movement for a Democratic Society (MDS). The right wing KeyWiki has an article on The Rag Blog, with individual links to more than 50 of its contributors.
Qualifying was set by a metric qualifying system based on the previous race, the 2021 Rackley Roofing 200 and owner's points. As a result, Todd Gilliland of Front Row Motorsports would win the pole.
CLG Na Rossa is a Gaelic football only GAA club based in Leitir, County Donegal, Ireland. The club fields both men's and ladies' teams at underage to senior level.
Na Rossa have won the Donegal Junior A Football Championship once (1982) and the Donegal Intermediate Football Championship twice (1989 and 1999).
Rupandehi 1 one of three parliamentary constituencies of Rupandehi District in Nepal. This constituency came into existence on the Constituency Delimitation Commission (CDC) report submitted on 31 August 2017.
A quartic equation, or equation of the fourth degree, is an equation that equates a quartic polynomial to zero, of the form
Sometimes the term biquadratic is used instead of quartic, but, usually, biquadratic function refers to a quadratic function of a square (or, equivalently, to the function defined by a quartic polynomial without terms of odd degree), having the form
Since a quartic function is defined by a polynomial of even degree, it has the same infinite limit when the argument goes to positive or negative infinity. If a is positive, then the function increases to positive infinity at both ends; and thus the function has a global minimum. Likewise, if a is negative, it decreases to negative infinity and has a global maximum. In both cases it may or may not have another local maximum and another local minimum.
The degree four (quartic case) is the highest degree such that every polynomial equation can be solved by radicals.
Lodovico Ferrari is credited with the discovery of the solution to the quartic in 1540, but since this solution, like all algebraic solutions of the quartic, requires the solution of a cubic to be found, it could not be published immediately. The solution of the quartic was published together with that of the cubic by Ferrari's mentor Gerolamo Cardano in the book Ars Magna.
Each coordinate of the intersection points of two conic sections is a solution of a quartic equation. The same is true for the intersection of a line and a torus. It follows that quartic equations often arise in computational geometry and all related fields such as computer graphics, computer-aided design, computer-aided manufacturing and optics. Here are examples of other geometric problems whose solution involves solving a quartic equation.
In computer-aided manufacturing, the torus is a shape that is commonly associated with the endmill cutter.  To calculate its location relative to a triangulated surface, the position of a horizontal torus on the z-axis must be found where it is tangent to a fixed line, and this requires the solution of a general quartic equation to be calculated.
A quartic equation arises also in the process of solving the crossed ladders problem, in which the lengths of two crossed ladders, each based against one wall and leaning against another, are given along with the height at which they cross, and the distance between the walls is to be found.
In optics, Alhazen's problem is "Given a light source and a spherical mirror, find the point on the mirror where the light will be reflected to the eye of an observer." This leads to a quartic equation.
The characteristic equation of a fourth-order linear difference equation or differential equation is a quartic equation. An example arises in the Timoshenko-Rayleigh theory of beam bending.
Letting F and G be the distinct inflection points of the graph of a quartic function, and letting H be the intersection of the inflection secant line FG and the quartic, nearer to G than to F, then G divides FH into the golden section:
Moreover, the area of the region between the secant line and the quartic below the secant line equals the area of the region between the secant line and the quartic above the secant line. One of those regions is disjointed into sub-regions of equal area.
where p and q are the coefficients of the second and of the first degree respectively in the associated depressed quartic
In either case, the roots of Q(x) are the roots of the factors, which may be computed using the formulas for the roots of a quadratic function or cubic function.
Detecting the existence of such factorizations can be done using the resolvent cubic of Q(x). It turns out that:
In fact, several methods of solving quartic equations (Ferrari's method, Descartes' method, and, to a lesser extent, Euler's method) are based upon finding such factorizations.
For solving purposes, it is generally better to convert the quartic into a depressed quartic by the following simple change of variable. All formulas are simpler and some methods work only in this case. The roots of the original quartic are easily recovered from that of the depressed quartic by the reverse change of variable.
This depressed quartic can be solved by means of a method discovered by Lodovico Ferrari. The depressed equation may be rewritten (this is easily verified by expanding the square and regrouping all terms in the left-hand side) as
Then, we introduce a variable m into the factor on the left-hand side by adding 2y2m + pm + m2 to both sides. After regrouping the coefficients of the power of y on the right-hand side, this gives the equation 
As the value of m may be arbitrarily chosen, we will choose it in order to complete the square on the right-hand side. This implies that the discriminant in y of this quadratic equation is zero, that is m is a root of the equation
This is the resolvent cubic of the quartic equation. The value of m may thus be obtained from Cardano's formula. When m is a root of this equation, the right-hand side of equation (1) is the square
This equation is easily solved by applying to each factor the quadratic formula. Solving them we may write the four roots as
Descartes introduced in 1637 the method of finding the roots of a quartic polynomial by factoring it into two quadratic ones. Let
which is done elsewhere. This resolvent cubic is equivalent to the resolvent cubic given above (equation (1a)), as can be seen by substituting U = 2m.
If u is a square root of a non-zero root of this resolvent (such a non-zero root exists except for the quartic x4, which is trivially factored),
The symmetries in this solution are as follows. There are three roots of the cubic, corresponding to the three ways that a quartic can be factored into two quadratics, and choosing positive or negative values of u for the square root of U merely exchanges the two quadratics with one another.
A variant of the previous method is due to Euler. Unlike the previous methods, both of which use some root of the resolvent cubic, Euler's method uses all of them. Consider a depressed quartic x4 + px2 + qx + r. Observe that, if
Substituting the si by their values in term of the xi, this polynomial may be expanded in a polynomial in s whose coefficients are symmetric polynomials in the xi. By the fundamental theorem of symmetric polynomials, these coefficients may be expressed as polynomials in the coefficients of the monic quartic. If, for simplification, we suppose that the quartic is depressed, that is b = 0, this results in the polynomial
These expressions are unnecessarily complicated, involving the cubic roots of unity, which can be avoided as follows. If s is any non-zero root of (3), and if we set
We therefore can solve the quartic by solving for s and then solving for the roots of the two factors using the quadratic formula.
There is an alternative solution using algebraic geometry In brief, one interprets the roots as the intersection of two quadratic curves, then finds the three reducible quadratic curves (pairs of lines) that pass through these points (this corresponds to the resolvent cubic, the pairs of lines being the Lagrange resolvents), and then use these linear equations to solve the quadratic.
These four points are not collinear because they lie on the irreducible quadratic y = x2 and thus there is a 1-parameter family of quadratics (a pencil of curves) passing through these points. Writing the projectivization of the two quadratics as quadratic forms in three variables:
After the credits, Big Bird pretends to be a statue. He encourages the viewers to visit their local museum, and comments on how staying perfectly still is tiring and wonders how statues can do it.
The title song from Don't Eat the Pictures begins with Cookie Monster and his human friend, Bob McGrath in front of Still Life with Ham, a painting by Philippe Rousseau which Cookie Monster tries to devour. Bob holds Cookie Monster back and reminds him that he promised not to eat anything in the museum. Then Cookie Monster breaks into song, with angelic choral accompaniment, about paintings, statues, and mummies, and how he understands how important it is to not devour them.
Kate Thill (born 25 January 2002) is a Luxembourger footballer who plays as a forward for NCAA Division II team Bridgeport Purple Knights and the Luxembourg women's national team.
This biographical article related to women's association football in Luxembourg is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Mandarin rat snake (Euprepiophis mandarinus) is a species of nonvenomous colubrid snake endemic to Asia. It is closely related to Euprepiophis conspicillata, the Japanese forest rat snake. Mandarin rat snakes are one of the most popular rat snakes found in the pet trade.
India (Arunachal Pradesh), Myanmar, Laos, Vietnam, Taiwan, China (Anhui, Beijing, Chongqing, Fujian, Gansu, Guangdong, Guangxi, Guizhou, Hainan, Hebei, Henan, Hubei, Hunan, Jiangsu, Jiangxi, Liaoning, Shaanxi, Shanghai, Shanxi, Sichuan, Tianjin, Tibet, Yunnan, Zhejiang)
Type locality: China: Chekiang, Chusan island (modern transliteration: Zhejiang, Zhoushan) (Cantor, 1842).
In recent years there has been some taxonomic controversy over the genera of rat snakes.  Based on mitochondrial DNA, Utiger et al. (2002) argued for a splintering of the genus Elaphe and suggested a reworking of the genera.
Agonopterix fruticosella is a moth of the family Depressariidae. It is found in southern France and on the Iberian Peninsula.
The larvae feed on Bupleurum rigidum species. They initially mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a broad, brownish, full depth corridor. Later, the larva vacates the mine and continues window feeding. There are often several mines in a single leaf. Even later, the larva lives free under a spinning and eventually folds a leaf margin fastening it with silk. Larvae can be found at the end of June.
Live from Death Row, published in May 1995, is a memoir by Mumia Abu-Jamal, an American murderer, journalist, and activist from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He is known for having been convicted of the murder of a city police officer and sentenced to death in 1982, in a trial that Amnesty International suspected of lacking impartiality. Abu-Jamal wrote this book while on death row. He has always maintained his innocence. Publishers Addison-Wesley paid Abu-Jamal a $30,000 advance for the book.
Reports that Abu-Jamal would be paid for the book resulted in protests. In a case decided in Federal appeals court, it ruled that he had the right to be paid for commentary and writings. This is the first of several books that he has published which were completed in prison. His sentence was commuted to life in prison without parole in 2011, after he had been held for 29 years on death row.
Abu-Jamal structures the book as anecdotes, most exploring the prison system. In an end section titled "Musings, memories, and prophecies", he discusses past events in his life, and he commemorates some prominent black people in America.
Abu-Jamal had started providing commentaries to Prison Radio and other outlets. Addison-Wesley paid Abu-Jamal a $30,000 advance for the book.
The notoriety of Abu-Jamal for his case and protests related to his book deal resulted in considerable coverage of this book at publication.
In August 2018, Philander was sworn in as a Member of the Western Cape Provincial Parliament, succeeding Lennit Max. She was assigned to serve on the Social Cluster committees. Following the May 2019 general election, she was sworn in for her first full term on 22 May 2019. She is the only parliamentarian from the Drakenstein municipality. In June 2019, Philander was elected chairperson of the Standing Committee on Health.
Philander is a senior member of the Democratic Alliance Women's Network (DAWN). She is the network's provincial chairperson. She is also a member of the provincial executive committee of the Democratic Alliance.
"Drug abuse in Maldives has reached alarming levels, and, according to several ministries and high ranking officials, is now the most serious problem the country is facing."
Threat of terrorist attacks is a matter of concern. The Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade (DFAT) of the Government of Australia advises travelers "to exercise caution" because of the high threat of terrorism. According to the Foreign and Commonwealth Office (FCO), "Attacks could be indiscriminate, including in places frequented by expatriates".
Rate of criminal homicide and assault in the Maldives declined by 30% between the years 1997-2002. Crime involving bribery and fraud also declined by 33% during this time. The Corruption Perceptions Index in 2007 ranked the Maldives 84th best out of 179 countries in terms of corruption. On a scale of 0 to 10, with 0 being the least and ten being most transparent, Transparency International rated the Maldives 3.3.
Jan Ziolkowski (born November 17, 1956) occupies the Arthur Kingsley Porter Professorship of Medieval Latin at Harvard University. From 2007 to 2020 he served as Director of the Dumbarton Oaks Research Library and Collection. His scholarship has focused on the literature, especially in Latin, of the Middle Ages. 
In the United States, he was elected a Member of the Medieval Academy of America in 2008, the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2010, and the American Philosophical Society in 2017. Abroad, he was appointed a corresponding member of the Austrian Academy of Sciences in 2006 and of the Academia Europaea in 2015. In 2015 he was awarded an Austrian Decoration for Science and Art, the Austrian Cross of Honor for Science and Art, First Class.
He held a National Endowment for the Humanities Summer Stipend in 1983, an American Council for Learned Societies Fellowship in 1986, and a John Simon Guggenheim Fellowship in 1987-1988. In 2005-2006 he was a Fellow-in-Residence at the Netherlands Institute for Advanced Study. Since becoming U.S. representative to the International Medieval Latin Committee in 1988, he has served as Vice President from 1993-1999 and as President from 2000. 
From 2007 through 2020, Ziolkowski directed the Dumbarton Oaks Research Library and Collection, a Harvard institution for advanced research in Byzantine, Pre-Columbian, and Garden and Landscape studies.
His later investigations include examinations of Medieval Latin literature associated with folk literature, such as Talking Animals: Medieval Latin Beast Poetry, in 1993, and Fairy Tales from Before Fairy Tales: The Medieval Latin Past of Wonderful Lies, in 2007. Both studies are notable for extensive appendixes of translations.[citation needed]
Ziolkowski's other critical editions of medieval Latin texts, with translations and substantial commentaries, include Jezebel: A Norman Latin Poem of the Early Eleventh Century, in 1989; A Garland of Latin Satire, Wisdom, and History: Verse from Twelfth-Century France (Carmina Houghtoniensia), co-edited with Bridget Balint in 2007; and Solomon and Marcolf, in 2008.[citation needed]
His best-known work[citation needed] in the genre of edition cum translation and commentary was The Cambridge Songs (Carmina cantabrigiensia), in 1994 (reprinted in 1998), which has been taken as the basis for the recording Lost Songs of a Rhineland Harper by the Sequentia (music group), an ensemble for medieval music directed by Benjamin Bagby, and for Cambridge Songs Suite No. 1 and No. 2 by the composer Jim Taylor of LeTourneau University.[citation needed]
In English-only volumes, Ziolkowski co-edited The Medieval Craft of Memory: An Anthology of Words and Pictures, with Mary Carruthers in 2002, and translated Letters of Peter Abelard, Beyond the Personal, in 2008. Between these two books he edited and introduced a translation from the French of a still-classic examination of Medieval Latin metrics by the late Swedish philologist Dag Norberg.[citation needed]
Among his contributions to the study of Dante Alighieri, Ziolkowski edited Dante and the Greeks, published by Dumbarton Oaks Publications in 2014, and Dante and Islam, published by Fordham University Press in 2015. Both books set the Italian poet in broader contexts, along the way helping to connect Dante studies with medieval, Byzantine, and Islamic studies.[citation needed]
Ziolkowski founded the Dumbarton Oaks Medieval Library and served as its general editor from 2008 through 2020. He edited and co-translated the volume of Satires by Sextus Amarcius and Eupolemius, in 2011.[citation needed]
Proton Holdings Berhad (PHB; informally Proton) is a Malaysian automotive company and automobile corporation active in automobile design, manufacturing, distribution and sales. Proton was established in 1985 as Malaysia's sole national badged car company until the advent of Perodua in 1993. The company is headquartered in Shah Alam, Selangor, and operates additional facilities at Proton City, Perak. 'Proton' is a Malay acronym for Perusahaan Otomobil Nasional (National Automobile Company).
Proton was originally owned in majority by HICOM, with minority stakes being held by Mitsubishi Group members. By 2005, Mitsubishi had divested their stake in Proton to Khazanah Nasional, and in 2012, Proton was fully acquired by DRB-HICOM.
Proton was the owner of Lotus Cars from 1996 to 2017. In May 2017, DRB-HICOM announced plans to sell a 49.9% stake in Proton and a 51% stake in Lotus to Geely Automobile Holdings. The deal was signed in June 2017, and since then, Lotus ceased to be a unit of Proton.
Proton's sales declined during the late 1980s as a result of the worldwide economic recession, and the lack of technical expertise in Proton's management. Kenji Iwabuchi, a former Mitsubishi Motors executive, was appointed as the managing director of Proton in 1988. In the decade that followed, there were significant developments both domestically and globally and city.
On 15 August 1992, the Proton Saga Iswara was launched. It shares the older Mitsubishi platform used in the original Proton Saga, but its exterior and interior styling are unique to Proton. The Saga Iswara was widely used as taxicabs in Malaysia during the 1990s and 2000s, and many continue in service. 
The Proton Iriz was unveiled on 25 September 2014 as the company's first B-segment 5-door hatchback. The new Iriz competes directly against the Perodua Myvi in its domestic market.
On 18 January 2016, Proton unveiled their all-new four-cylinder GDI/TGDI and three-cylinder VVT engines. The new engines, of which there are six in total, are being developed in collaboration with Ricardo and Lotus Engineering, and are slated to enter production by late 2017.
Proton introduced four new models in 2016. The new Perdana launched on 14 June, followed by the new Persona on 23 August, the new Saga on 28 September, and the new Ertiga on 24 November. The launch of four new Proton models within the span of six months was unprecedented in the company's history. Masazumi Ogawa was recruited as the director of quality control in Proton.
Proton recruited Yoshiya Inamori as the vice president of manufacturing, who had previously been involved with Proton back in the 80s when it was founded during his time in Mitsubishi from April 1982 until July 2017.
On 29 September 2017, DRB-HICOM announced changes to the board of Proton Holdings Berhad. Following the signing of a Definitive Agreement with China's Zhejiang Geely Holding Group Limited on 23 June 2017, the Chinese carmaker acquired 49.9% equity in Proton. The announcement on 29 September saw a new board of directors put in place in Proton Holdings, Proton Edar (the local distribution arm) and Perusahaan Otomobil Nasional Sdn Bhd (PONSB).
The Proton logo in 1983 was a dark blue shield which encompassed a yellow crescent positioned below a yellow fourteen-pointed star, in reference to the Malaysian flag and coat of arms. However, this emblem was only used for Proton cars which were sold domestically. Proton cars exported to other markets received different badge designs.
In 2000, the new Proton logo was used on the Proton Waja which launched in that year. It featured a stylised yellow tiger head on a green roundel embossed upon a dark blue shield, with the Proton name in yellow capital letters in Frutiger font. The standard text representation of the Proton name was also changed from the lowercase italic text "proton" to the uppercase "PROTON".
All Proton cars manufactured after 2000 carried the new badge, both in the domestic and export markets. Then its colour was changed into two-tone, silver and black, which was in use since 2008 with the introduction of the second generation Proton Saga.
In June 2016, a new Proton logo was introduced during the launch of 2016 Proton Perdana, which is only a Malayan tiger head with circle surrounding in three-dimensional style. The new logo is now used on all Proton latest models, including the 2017 Proton Iriz facelift and 2017 Proton Exora Enhanced
Proton relies primarily on its domestic market for the majority of its sales and revenues. Nonetheless, small volumes of Proton cars are also exported to various other countries in Asia, in addition to the United Kingdom and Australia. The company held a far larger global sales network in the 1990s, spanning all six continents and over 70 countries, but intends to regain a global foothold with 500,000 annual sales by 2018.
On 24 January 2020, Proton announced that their goal is to export 4,000 vehicles by the end of the year or export 6,000 vehicles if they were offered government incentives.
Proton began importing cars to the right-hand drive UK market from March 1989, and reached its 12-month sales target of 5,000 cars after just six months. The Proton brand was initially a huge success in the UK, but sales were declining sharply by 2010 and the brand was withdrawn in 2014.[citation needed]
Proton's presence in Singapore was handled by Cycle & Carriage from 1989 to September 2002 due to failures to make a turn around. It made a comeback in 2003 with Proton establishing a direct branch.
In the Philippines, Proton was formerly represented by Proton Pilipinas Corp from 1992 with an assembly plant in Alaminos, Pangasinan that manufactured the Proton Wira.
Proton exported 164,153 cars between December 1986 and December 1997. The United Kingdom is by far the company's most successful export market in terms of cumulative sales volume, and at one point Proton set the record for Fastest Selling Make of New Car Ever to Enter the United Kingdom. In 1992, the Saga was ranked among the Top 20 best-selling cars in the UK, outselling its primary competitors from Hyundai and SEAT.
On 21 March 2019, Proton has announced that a plant will be built in Pakistan in collaboration with Alhaj Automotive. Proton has already booked cbu versions of Proton X70 in Pakistan. The orders for ckd versions of X70 are also being booked by Proton in Pakistan which are expected to be delivered in Q3 of 2021 after the completion of local assembly plant. Proton Saga is also expected to be launched in Pakistan in January 2021.
On 21 August 2020, it was announced that the Proton Saga will be exported to Kenya, most built under CKDs shipped to Simba Corp.
The United Kingdom has been a key export market for Proton since the late 1980s. However, by the late 2000s, British Proton sales had declined considerably as a result of ageing models and depleting stock. In 2013, Proton Cars UK had attempted to relaunch the brand with four all-new models. However, the relaunch was instead postponed indefinitely in view of more stringent European Union emissions and safety regulations.
Proton is currently developing a range of all-new petrol engines in collaboration with Ricardo and Lotus Engineering. The engines will feature more advanced technology such as direct injection, cylinder deactivation and stop-start idling, and will meet the highest Euro 6c emissions regulations. On 18 January 2016, Proton fired up a prototype in a live broadcast from Ricardo's facility in Shoreham, England. Mass production of the all-new Proton engines will commence in late 2017.
On 3 December 2014, Proton announced plans to construct a new car factory in Bangladesh. A deal was made public on 6 February 2015 between Kuala Lumpur and Jakarta to help the latter develop the way for their own national car. There are allegations that President Jokowi Widodo is appointing Abdullah Mahmud Hendropriyono as the representative of PT Adiperkasa Citra Lestari, who was known to be associated with ex-President Megawati Soekarnoputri.
Proton announced that they closed Proton Motor Pars, established in August 2011, since it was dormant and no longer in the company's interest to revive it in any way.
According to Steven Xu of Proton's International Sales, the company is still in the process of establishing more distributors to increase its presence in Indonesia as of 10 April 2019.
On 24 April 2019, Proton announced that they'll relaunch again in Australia since sales have declined in 2015 after the company established its presence in 1995.
According to Li Churong, the company will expand its presence in the ASEAN countries, such as Brunei, Indonesia, Singapore and Thailand. The company announced on 16 June 2021 that its Indonesian and Thai operations will resume in the near future with plans to be the third biggest automobile manufacturer in the ASEAN region. It was reported that Proton's Thai operations could resume by 2022.
It was announced on 13 November 2020 that Proton vehicles will be sold in Nepal by Jagadamba Mortors. The company will formally launch retail operations by January 2021.
On 29 October 2012, Proton entered a collaboration with Honda Motor Company, Ltd. Both companies have agreed to explore collaboration opportunities in the areas of technology enhancement, new product line up and the sharing of vehicle platforms and facilities.
Proton partnered with Suzuki and rebadged the Suzuki Ertiga. Under the June 2015 agreement, 25 of its 3S and 4S Suzuki dealership outlets have been converted into Proton Edar outlets and bearing both Proton and Suzuki logos.
PROTON Holdings parent company DRB-HICOM announced sold 49.9% stake in Proton to Zhejiang Geely Automobile Holdings. Following the entry of China's Geely as a shareholder of PROTON, PROTON Holdings secured the intellectual properties to the design, development, manufacture, sale, marketing and distribution of the Geely Boyue, Geely Binyue and Geely Jiaji for Brunei, Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore and Thailand.
Proton announced the launch of the Proton's first sport utility vehicle which is based on Geely Boyue, with touches of local design elements introduced for the Malaysian market. The first batch of the locally named Proton X70 will be imported from China, with localisation plans afoot with the expansion of their Tanjong Malim plant.
Proton's presence in international motorsports peaked when the Petronas EON Racing Team won the 2002 Production World Rally Championship with veteran Malaysian rally driver Karamjit Singh in a Proton PERT, a rebadged Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution. The Proton-Karamjit duo also won the 2001, 2002 and 2004 Asia-Pacific Rally Championship titles.
In 2003, the Proton Motorsports Division, also known as "Race.Rally.Research., R3", was established. R3 assumed the responsibility of Proton's motorsports endeavours, which had been held by Ralliart of Mitsubishi Motors. The first model to benefit from R3 engineering was the Proton Satria R3 which launched in late 2004 with a limited run of 150 units.
In 2011, UK-based Welch Motorsport contested the BTCC in a Proton Persona NGTC, driven by Daniel Welch. Welch Motorsport competes independently and is not tied to Proton, but indirectly supported by Proton UK The team made its debut in the second half of the 2011 BTCC season and scored a point in the final race at the Silverstone Circuit, placing 22nd overall in the tournament. In comparison, 2011 Drivers' Champion Matt Neal of Honda Racing Team scored 257 points.
Welch Motorsport's performance improved significantly in the 2012 BTCC season. Daniel Welch had his best race at Oulton Park, where he finished sixth in race one, and held off defending champion Matt Neal to claim fourth position in race two. Welch Motorsport placed 15th overall with 79 points in the 2012 season, with 2012 Drivers' Champion Gordon Shedden scoring 408 points in comparison.
Welch Motorsport expanded to a two-car team in the 2013 BTCC season. The Proton Persona NGTC returns in the hands of Daniel Welch, whereas the second car is a Super 2000 Mk 2 Ford Focus driven by David Nye.
Proton and Norwich City F.C signed a 3-year sponsorship deal in 2003, becoming the Canaries's main sponsor for their home kit, whilst Proton-owned Lotus Cars would feature on the away kit. The deal, reportedly valued at a "seven-figure sum", was the largest sponsorship deal in the club's history. Proton's chief executive officer Tengku Mahaleel Ariff said the sponsorship deal would bring more awareness and recognition to the Proton brand, which it currently lacked.
In 2005, Proton opened a showroom at Norwich City's Carrow Road stadium, featuring products from Proton and Proton-owned brands. It was incorporated into the stadium's Jarrold Stand.
The Story of Light is the sixth studio album by South Korean boy group Shinee. It consists of 3 EPs that were later collected together in the repackage album, The Story of Light: Epilogue. This album release marks the group's first in South Korea since 1 of 1 in November 2016, and the first since member Jonghyun's death in December 2017 and is the last Shinee release to feature Jonghyun following his death.
The first part of the album, led by the lead single "Good Evening", was released on May 28. The dance for the song was choreographed by Japanese choreographer Koharu Sugawara, who had previously worked with Taemin on his single "Move" in October 2017.
The second part of the trilogy was released on June 11 with the single "I Want You". According to group, the second part of the album represents the group's view of themselves, while the first part reflected what others think of them. The third and last part of the album is fronted by the single "Our Page" and was released on June 25.
The first and second EPs also made a double appearance on Billboard's World Albums Chart on June 20, 2018. The Story of Light: EP.2 debuted at number four, while The Story of Light: EP.1 ranked at number eleven for its third week on the chart. The double appearance of different albums from one act on World Albums makes the group the fifth K-pop act to score two simultaneous entries on the chart for the same week.
On August 1, 2018, Shinee released the Japanese version of "Good Evening" and "I Want You" as part of their 15th Japanese single, "Sunny Side".
On September 10, 2018, the group released the finale of their 10th anniversary album series, a repackaged album titled The Story of Light: Epilogue featuring sixteen tracks, including its lead single "Countless" and past singles "Good Evening", "I Want You" and "Our Page".
Ashleigh Barty and Sally Peers were the defending champions, having won the event in 2012, but Barty chose to participate in the 2013 Birmingham Classic during that week and Peers chose not to participate.
New Zealand Natural Premium Ice Cream is a global franchise network based in Auckland, New Zealand. It operates as an international franchisor of ice cream, frozen yoghurt, smoothie and juice parlours and mini-parlours, which can be found in shopping centres in Australia, New Zealand, Thailand and other countries. The ice cream is also available at supermarkets throughout New Zealand and Australia.
New Zealand Natural began as a small ice creamery in Christchurch New Zealand in 1984 that specialized in ice cream with no artificial colours or flavours. By chance, Rael Polivnick, who founded the company, met the owner on a flight crossing the Tasman Sea. Polivnick, seeing the potential, purchased the rights to open a New Zealand Natural store at Sydney's famous Bondi Beach in 1985.[citation needed]
New Zealand Natural has won the Export Award at the Westpac New Zealand Franchise Awards and the SIAL D'Or Award in France.
The company's Gold Pure Vanilla was named best in Category at the 14th New Zealand Ice Cream Awards in 2010.
Pendleton was launched on January 21, 1944 and completed in February. She was built for the United States Maritime Commission. She was owned by the War Shipping Administration. Her port of registry was Portland, Oregon. The United States Official Number 245142 and Code Letters KWAA were allocated. During World War II, Pendleton was a member of convoy ON 249, which departed from Liverpool, United Kingdom on August 18, 1944 and arrived at New York on September 2.
Pendleton was transferred to National Bulk Carriers of Wilmington, Delaware in 1948. In July 1951, Pendleton ran aground in the Hudson River, New York. She was refloated the next day. The damaged part of the hull would later play a key role in the sinking.
The rescue of the survivors of the shipwrecked Pendleton is considered one of the most daring rescues of the United States Coast Guard. All four crew of CG-36500 were awarded the Coast Guard's Gold Lifesaving Medal (rather than just the coxswain, the typical treatment). At the time of her loss, Pendleton was insured for $1,690,000.
The Eagle Awards were a series of awards for comic book titles and creators. They were awarded by UK fans voting for work produced during the previous year. Named after the UK's Eagle comic, they were launched in 1977 for comics released in 1976.
In 2014, in connection with Stan Lee, the Eagle Awards were renamed, and presented as, the True Believer Comic Awards. They have not returned since then.
The Eagle Awards were set up by Mike Conroy, Nick Landau, Colin Campbell, Phil Clarke, and Richard Burton. Because the Eagle symbol was perceived (as described by Burton) as "a standard of quality ... seldom reached" in early 1977, the Eagle Awards were named "with official blessing from IPC" (Eagle's then-publisher).
The Eagles were launched at the British Comic Art Convention, the earliest British fan convention devoted entirely to comics (and usually known by the moniker Comicon). The first awards ceremony was held 3 September 1977, at the Bloomsbury Centre Hotel, London. The 1978 and 1979 awards were also presented at the British Comic Art Convention. Almost from the beginning, the awards included separate UK and US sections.
After a hiatus in 1982, the Eagle Awards returned in 1983, presented at the London Comic Mart by Alan Moore and Dave Gibbons.
The awards became almost fully annual in 1987, in conjunction with the United Kingdom Comic Art Convention (UKCAC); they were held at the UKCAC in 1987, 1988, and 1990.
The Eagle Awards went dormant during most of the 1990s, as organizer Mike Conroy focused on his freelance writing (including becoming an editor of Comics International). From 1990 to 1997, the Eagles were replaced by the UK Comic Art Awards, and then from 1997 until 2003 (with the exception of the year 2000) were supplanted by the National Comics Awards.
Management of the Eagle Awards was transferred from co-founder Mike Conroy to his teenage daughter Cassandra Conroy in 2009 (although Mike Conroy stayed on as advisor). The previous years' venue the Bristol Comic Expo scaled back that year, and was not available for the evening awards ceremony. After attempting to go forward with the Eagle Awards as an online-only process, the Conroys were forced to cancel the 2009 awards due to a "lack of nominations."
At the outset of the Eagle Award, ballots were made available to "most dealers, shops and fanzines." The initial method of casting votes was designed to be inclusive and straightforward, with completed forms able to be returned to the same place, rather than a centralized location. An initial ballot formed a list of nominees, from which the voting ballot was created and disseminated in the same manner.
The awards for 1983 used an open voting system, with no pre-selected nominees. In 1984, the Eagles introduced a new nomination system composed of "prominent British fans, publishers, dealers, and artists," which put forward three names in each category.
The 2004 awards saw online voting for the first time; over 13,000 voting forms were "received via post, email and website counting centres."
For the 2007 awards, nominations were made by the general comics-reading public via the Eagle Awards website; the five most popular became nominees for the awards.
Over the course of their existence, the Eagle Awards were eventually awarded in more than 30 categories.
The nominations for Favourite Single Comicbook Story and Favorite Continued Comicbook Story were separate from 1977 to 1980 and then again from 2011 to 2014; they were merged as one category from 2000 to 2010. Similarly, the Favourite Cover category was only divided into British and American sections from 1984 to 1990.
Reflecting an interest in long-form comics, the Best Original Graphic Novel category was added in 1986. The Favourite Team category was dropped after 1990.
With the revival of the Eagles in 2000, categories for Favourite Writer and Favourite Artist were no longer separated into UK and US sections, and a host of new categories were added:
The Favourite Comics Related Website (Fan-Organized) category was dropped in 2002, but five more award categories were added:
The 2004 Eagles dropped awards for the long-running categories Supporting Character and Character Most Worthy of Own Title, as well as the relatively new categories of British Small Press Title, Comic Strip/Newspaper Strip, and Comics E-Zine. It added a Favourite Letterer category as well as the one-off category Favourite Comics-Related Merchandise.
The 2006 Eagles saw the addition of a Favourite Publisher award, and the 2008 Eagle Awards added categories for Favourite Newcomer: Writer and Favourite Newcomer: Artist while dropping the long-running categories Favourite Character/Hero and Favourite Villain.
The following is a comprehensive list of the Eagle Award categories and the years they were presented, many of which were divided into British sections and (North) American sections. These categories included:
2000 AD's Tharg the Mighty won this award four times (with three of those awards going to Matt Smith); Axel Alonso also won the award three times.
DC's The Joker won this category five times, 2000 AD's Torquemada won four times, and Marvel's Magneto came away with three wins. 
Multiple award-winners in this category included Wizard with six wins, Fantagraphics Books with its publications  Amazing Heroes and The Comics Journal racking up seven wins in total, and the British publication Speakeasy with four wins.
This article about a location in the Mexican state of Aguascalientes is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
At the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2019 Poltoranin was one of five athletes caught doping by Bundeskriminalamt in a police raid in Seefeld, Austria. He was arrested before the start of the 15 kilometre classical race. He admitted to using blood doping.
Poltoranin competed at the 2006 and 2010 Winter Olympics, the World Ski Championships in 2007, 2009, 2011 and 2013.
Poltoranin finished fifth in both the individual and team sprint at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver.
Description: Great bold strokes uncover composite figures, enveloped in the soft light of the stage. The figure here is just a silhouette, without outlines, and the stroke of colour alone creates the form. The soft gentle tones impart an almost physical sense of light, dispersing and contrasting in the ballet costumes.
The West River is a river in the Whitefish River and Lake Huron drainage basins in southwestern Sudbury District in Northeastern Ontario, Canada.
This article related to  a river in Northern Ontario, Canada is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Kevin Murphy (born September 8, 1963) is a former American football linebacker who played for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, the San Diego Chargers and the Seattle Seahawks in the National Football League. He was converted from defensive lineman to linebacker in the NFL. He played college football for the Oklahoma Sooners. Murphy was an All-Conference selection in 1982, 1983 and 1985 and an All-American in 1985.
This biographical article relating to an American football linebacker born in the 1960s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Vasiana is a town and commune in Madagascar. It belongs to the district of Mandoto (district), which is a part of Vakinankaratra Region. The population of the commune was 19,992 inhabitants in 2018.
Only primary schooling is available. The majority 64% of the population of the commune are farmers, while an additional 35.8% receives their livelihood from raising livestock. The most important crop is rice, while other important products are maize and cassava. Industry provides employment for 0.2% of the population.
Francis was the second son of Francis Howard, 5th Baron Howard of Effingham. On 26 July 1722, he was commissioned captain and lieutenant-colonel in the 3rd Regiment of Foot Guards. Howard succeeded as Baron Howard of Effingham in 1725, with the death of his older brother Thomas Howard.
This biography of an earl in the peerage of Great Britain is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Sevenes is a 2011 Malayalam-language sports-action film written by Ikbal Kuttipuram and directed by Joshiy. The cast includes Kunchacko Boban,  Asif Ali, Nivin Pauly, Rejith Menon, Aju Varghese, and Vineeth Kumar in lead roles; and Nadia Moidu, Rima Kallingal and Bhama in supporting roles. The film centres on seven young men who play sevens football, popular in Malabar. The film started its shooting in April 2011 at Kozhikode district.
The film score and soundtrack were composed by Bijibal. The soundtrack consists of three tracks, including one theme music track, with lyrics penned by Rafeeq Ahamed and Santhosh Varma.
Phyllobacterium leguminum is a Gram-negative bacteria from the genus of Phyllobacterium which was isolated from root nodules from the plants Argyrolobium uniflorum and Astragalus algerianus.
1937 was by far Hare's most successful year, reaching the quarterfinals of the French Championships and the U.S. National Championships, the fourth round of Wimbledon and playing for Great Britain in the Challenge Round of the 1937 Davis Cup.
In January 1943 he married tennis player Mary Hardwick in Phoenix, Arizona. Both worked for Wilson Sporting Goods. 
 The Sustainable Water Programme of Action was established in 2003 to address concerns about fresh water in New Zealand.
Ms. John Soda released the first album No P. or D. on Morr Music in 2002. It is listed by Pitchfork Media as the 45th top album of 2003.
The While Talking EP was released on Morr Music in 2003. It includes "I & #8217," a remix medley of tracks from No P. or D. by Subtle.
This article about a German band or other musical ensemble is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
These primarily included film and TV series adaptations, but also original and licensed Marvel characters, and music-related biographies and fictional adventures.
Issue #7 was withdrawn after completion, and never published in english. Issue #8 was published in two editorially identical editions, one magazine-sized, one tabloid-sized.
The sole TV series adaptation was of Battlestar Galactica in issue #8 (1978), which was published in two editorially identical editions, one magazine-sized, one tabloid-sized. This special was partially redrawn and expanded into three issues when Battlestar Galactica became a monthly comic book series. The adaptations of Star Trek: The Motion Picture (issue #15) and Blade Runner (issue #22) were also reprinted in standard comic book format.
AFC Dunstable are a football club based in Dunstable, Bedfordshire, England. The club are members of Division One Central of the Southern League, and are affiliated to the Bedfordshire County Football Association. They play at Creasey Park.
CNA currently has commercial agreements with Reuters, AFP, ITAR-TASS, RIA NOVOSTI and MENA and cooperation agreements with ANA, SANA, XINHUA, ANSA, IRNA, PAP, APS and ATA. CNA also exchanges news with the Macedonian Press Agency (Thessaloniki), BTA, STA, KYODO and ROMPRES.
The Cyprus News Agency was officially established on February 16, 1976 at the initiative of the then Director General of the Cyprus Broadcasting Corporation (CyBC) Andreas Christofides, who saw the need for a national news agency for Cyprus. 
Previously, a private news service under the same name had been set up by Miltiades Christodoulou, in 1957. On his appointment as director of the government Press and Information Office (PIO), he handed over to journalist Christakis Katsambas. The operation closed down in 1967.
With the official launching of CNA, Christofides appointed Andreas Hadjipapas, a journalist working for CyBC and correspondent for UPI and AFP in Cyprus, as chief editor of the Agency. Technical facilities were provided by the PIO, thus enabling Hadjipapas to dispatch a daily news bulletin in English to Reuters and the Non-Aligned News Agencies Pool.
In 1984, CNA expanded its activities, hired journalists and other staff and secured translation and distribution of its dispatches in other languages apart from English.
In 1989, the Cyprus House of Representatives approved legislation providing for the operation of the Cyprus News Agency as a "semi-governmental" news organisation with full editorial independence.
Under the Act, CNA is governed by a seven-member Board of Directors comprising established media professionals. The Board includes representatives of the Cyprus Journalists Union, the Cyprus Newspaper and Magazine Publishers Association, CyBC and the PIO.
In 1996, an important year in the development of CNA, news in Greek was introduced, to meet the needs of the local news media which were proliferating, especially in the electronic field and the CNA home page was created on the Internet.
A landmark in CNA's history is the signing in 1996 of a cooperation agreement with the Athens News Agency (ANA), which provided CNA its first computerised editing system.
At the same time, CNA sought membership in established media organisations and regional associations of news agencies. Thus, it became a member of the Alliance of Mediterranean News Agencies (AMAN), the European Alliance of Press Agencies (EAPA) and the Commonwealth Press Union (CPU).
In 2002, CNA introduced news in Turkish, a press release service and its own photo service offering local coverage of news events.
Together with the budget for 2004, the Council of Ministers and the House of Representatives approved the re-organisation of CNA and a new organisational chart which is to be implemented fully by the end of 2005, thus allowing a further upgrading of the services offered and the operation of the Agency on a 24-hour basis.
As a national news agency, CNA focuses its attention on events in Cyprus and on developments abroad that have some bearing on Cyprus or are of particular interest to the country. It also covers news in the region and activities of the European Union, the Council of Europe and other multilateral organisations.
Coverage includes developments in the Cyprus issue and the country's accession to the EU, as well as home news, domestic politics, foreign policy, economic and business news, social issues, culture/arts and sports.
CNA has correspondents or stringers in all towns of the island, as well as Brussels and Strasbourg, Athens, Turkey, London, Washington, D.C. and New York City.
News items in Turkish are posted on the website for free access and sent by e-mail to the Turkish-Cypriot and Turkish media, as well as to the Turkish-Cypriot political parties.
In addition to the news items distributed throughout the day, CNA also issues a Cyprus press review in Greek and a 24-hours news summary in Greek for overseas subscribers in large Cypriot and Greek communities, as well as a bulletin on activities of Cypriots abroad.
Through agreements with the Athens News Agency (ANA) and the European Pressphoto Agency (EPA), CNA offers subscribers a large selection of photographs covering local and international events. CNA itself offers photographs on Cyprus events.
As from 1/6/ 2002 CNA offers a Press Release Service, on a subscription basis, offering interested organisations the possibility of distributing verbatim their press releases to the media and other subscribers of the Agency. Through this service, the releases of the Press and Information Office of the Cyprus Government are distributed.
The Agency is planning the introduction of other news services and multimedia services, after implementation of its new organisational chart which will allow an increase of its editorial staff and working hours. These services include news in the format of SMA, MMS, WAP and WEB.
As minor planet discoveries are confirmed, they are given a permanent number by the IAU's Minor Planet Center (MPC), and the discoverers can then submit names for them, following the IAU's naming conventions. The list below concerns those minor planets in the specified number-range that have received names, and explains the meanings of those names.
Alex R. Hernandez Jr. is an Austin Texas based Trial lawyer originally from Port Lavaca, who is notable for cases related to nationwide plaintiff personal injury, white collar criminal defendants, national commercial and residential real estate law, probate and estate and US business legal representation.[excessive citations] Hernandez, a Bachelor, is twice divorced with one daughter.
When Hernandez Jr. was ready to enter into high school Hernandez Sr. decided it was time to move back to Port Lavaca. Hernandez Jr. went to high school in Port Lavaca Texas and excelled at all activities, he became Band leader and President, All State performer, Student Council Reprsentative, and won the French and Jazz Band awards. Hernandez Sr. became the First Hispanic County Judge for Calhoun County and the First Hispanic County Court at Law Judge for Calhoun County. 
Alex R. Hernandez Jr. graduated from Calhoun High School in 1989 and went on to receive degrees from Victoria College in 1991 and the University of Texas at Austin in 1994 where he graduated as Economics Student of the Year with a Bachelor of Arts in Economics. Hernandez worked before deciding to go to school where he applied to one law school St. Mary's University School of Law in the city he was living at the time, San Antonio, Texas.  Hernandez graduated from St. Mary's in 2001.
Hernandez has been a volunteer for several organizations and member of several Victoria, Texas boards including VBEC (Victoria Business and Education Coalition), Keep Victoria Beautiful and the Food Bank of the Golden Crescent.
Hernandez is a longtime member of the State Bar of Texas and was part of the Grievance Committee which monitors and disciplines Texas lawyers as well as a member of the, invite-only organization, Texas Trial Lawyers Association and Million Dollar Advocates Forum. Hernandez has received awards and accolades for his work as a lawyer.
Alex R. Hernandez Jr. is the CEO of ARH Technology Services Group LLC, a company that runs AI software, handles digital marketing including social marketing and media, builds websites, and consults with marketing clients. Often considered ahead of his time Hernandez built the company from the ground up using educational tools to run the business for his clients including his law firm. The company is based in Austin, Texas.
In 2012, Alex R. Hernandez Jr. ran unsuccessfully for office as a Texas House of Representatives candidate as a Democrat.
Darren Tucker (born 2 June 1962) is an Australian cricketer. He played two List A matches for New South Wales in 1989/90.
This biographical article related to an Australian cricket person born in the 1960s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The flag of Moscow, in the Russian Federation, is a dark red banner of arms charged as the arms of the city in the centre.  It displays Saint George wearing armor and a blue cape with a golden lance in his right hand riding on a silver horse.  He is shown stabbing a zilant with the lance.  The legend in which the flag came from originated in Jacobus de Voragine's Golden Legend.
The club was formed in 1965 as a merger of two professional clubs, Sportclub Enschede and the Enschedese Boys. One of such predecessors, SC Enschede, had also won a single Dutch championship in 1926.
De Grolsch Veste, formerly named Arke Stadion, is the official stadium of FC Twente and is owned by the club. It is located at the Business & Science Park, near the University of Twente and between the city centers of Enschede and Hengelo. It has a spectator capacity of 30,205 with a standard pitch heating system and has a promenade instead of fences around the stands.
The cost of the construction is estimated to be around 33 million guilders, and the stadium took 14 months to complete, with its foundation stone having been laid on 31 January 1997. Due to the tight budget available, the layout of the stadium was constructed so that future expansions are possible without the necessity to tear down entire existing stands.
The recording of "You'll Never Walk Alone" by Gerry and the Pacemakers is sung along in the whole stadium before every kick-off.
On 7 July 2011, a section of the stadium roof collapsed whilst expansion work was taking place at the stadium, killing two people.
Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
The players below had senior international cap(s) for their respective countries. Players whose name is listed in bold represented their countries while playing for FC Twente.
Asmachilca is only found in Peru. It was traditionally used by the Incas for respiratory system complaints.[citation needed]  Today, it is used in cooking, but tea is the most common preparation.
Picea purpurea, also known as purple cone spruce and purple-coned spruce is a species of spruce found only in China. It is likely to be a hybrid species produced by crosses between Picea likiangensis and Picea wilsonii, or possibly involving other species.
Each year, Civic Theatre creates over a dozen productions and over 15,000 hours of educational instruction. These programs are made possible by over 700 volunteers under the leadership of 9 professional staff and over 30 guest artists.
He was born at Bank House in Ketley near Coalbrookdale, son of Richard Reynolds who was in charge of Abraham Darby II's ironworks at Ketley. Around 1777 he took over the management of the works there.
William Reynolds's education included some time studying with the physician and chemist Joseph Black. Reynolds during his life maintained his interest in many branches of science, including chemistry, geology and mineralogy, and he had a laboratory at his home Bank House, at Ketley Bank. He was interested in the application of science in industry. With Abraham Darby he built under licence several Boulton and Watt steam engines, an early type of steam engine, for the works.
Reynolds constructed three tub boat canals, which brought coal and iron ore a short distance from local mines to the ironworks. Built from 1787 to 1788, they were the Ketley Canal, the Wombridge Canal and the Shropshire Canal. They included an invention of Reynolds, an inclined plane: this was a method of raising canal boats from one level to another.
During this period, the reputation of Coalbrookdale encouraged visiting engineers who tried new ideas.
Thomas Telford knew the Coalbrookdale company since he had become Surveyor of Public Works for Shropshire in 1787. Reynolds constructed Longdon-on-Tern Aqueduct for Telford, a cast-iron aqueduct, assembled in 1796, carrying the Shrewsbury Canal across the River Tern at Longdon-on-Tern. (Telford, encouraged by  its success, used cast iron for the Pontcysyllte Aqueduct).
Reynolds became seriously ill in March 1803, and died near Broseley (adjacent to Coalbrookdale) on 3 June of that year. He was buried in the Quaker burial ground at Coalbrookdale. His interests in the Ketley works were passed to his half-brother Joseph.
Kinka Usher is a director of television commercials. He also directed the 1999 feature film Mystery Men.
Kinka Usher was born in France, one of four children. His mother taught dance and his father was a graphic designer. Growing up he spent his time between Europe (primarily Italy) and the United States (primarily Santa Barbara). During these early years he explored a career in the restaurant business as a sous-chef.
Entering the film industry at 23, he began as a production assistant at Harmony Pictures and gradually worked up to camera assistant, Steadicam operator and eventually a director/cameraman. His big break came though when he was hired as a camera assistant to director Roger Corman on one of his films.
His directorial debut came in 1992 on "Aborigine," a spot for Acura which earned him a Belding Award. Three years later he opened House of Usher and by 1997 he had four Lions from Cannes. The following year he received the Directors Guild of America Award for Best Commercial Director. His extensive list of credits include spots for Taco Bell, Nike, Got Milk?, Nissan, Miller Lite, Polaroid and Pepsi.
In 1999, he crossed over from commercials to features, directing Mystery Men for Universal Studios. He subsequently returned to directing commercials, including a Bridgestone ad featured in the 2011 Super Bowl.
He is dedicated to directing in the United States so he can be near his home in Los Angeles. He has a child.
Lucas was first elected to the House of Commons of Canada in the 1921 Canadian federal election as a United Farmers of Alberta candidate. He defeated two other candidates including former Alberta MLA James Bismark Holden in a landslide where he captured 81 per cent of the vote to win his first term in office.
In 1932, the other eight United Farmers of Alberta MPs joined the newly founded Co-operative Commonwealth Federation and ran as CCF candidates in the 1935 Canadian federal election. Lucas refused to join the CCF and ran instead as a Conservative and finished third behind Social Credit candidate James Alexander Marshall and George Smith of the Liberal Party.
When his son, John W. (Jack) died in January 1960, William T. Lucas and Charlotte Perrin, his parents were listed as survivors.
The Islamic Azad University, Mashhad Branch (IAUM), also known as the Islamic Azad University of Mashhad, is a private university in Mashhad, Iran. This university is a branch of the Islamic Azad University. It was established in 1982, and offers Bachelor, Masters, PhD and M.D. degrees. It is famous for the quality and rigor of its undergraduate education and the success of its students in many national competitions and exams.[citation needed]
IAUM has over 547 academic staff and about 25,936 students. 124 subjects are taught in six major programs (medical science, science, humanities, engineering, agriculture, art and architecture) at four different levels (undergraduate, graduate, Masters and PhD). More than 60,000 students have graduated from IAUM. It is run by more than 1756 administrative staff, most of whom have graduate and postgraduate degrees.
The medicine faculty has: an Educational space of 6000 square meter 138 with 8 classrooms with audiovisual facilities, an amphitheater, educational laboratories, a computer and IT center and pratic, moulage and anatomy halls.  There are 7 laboratories in the faculty: Histology, Pathology, Parasitology and Mycology, Microbiology, Physiology and Biochemistry.
Since the beginning, the faculty's educational and official space has been located in Mashhad, Rahnamaee street, and two other buildings has been used in Rahnamaee and Sanabad street .Now the sciences faculty with 6420 square meters built area in 4 buildings accepts  students.
Major part of the space is occupied with classrooms, audio classes or educational workshops. The faculty has 32 classrooms now.
Library of the basic sciences faculty with 444 square meters space is located in south corner of the faculty and includes book storehouse, awarding part, reference part, issues parts, technical part and male and female studying halls.
This center, with the goal of research activities harmonization in orientations of the center interdisciplinary, was recommended in 2007 and the implementation is in progress. The research laboratories complex of the center includes: nanotechnology research, chemistry, biochemistry physic, geology, physic, mathematic and statistic laboratories. hall
In order for the students to access to the newest and the most update essays and information of the world, the faculty has managed to get the membership of some magazines and electronic data base so that the students can connect to these sites through the internet and search and receive the essays freely.
The faculty has two spaces with about 400 square meters area and also with totally 350 persons capacity for holding different ceremonies and conferences. These halls most used, in different ways, for performing theses defense and students projects, holding miscellaneous classes and educational workshops and also in order to hold  gathering and conferences.
Among other welfare facilities in the Technical and Engineering Faculty are cafeteria and self-service halls for use of all students. In the north side of the faculty, an appropriate space in three floors, in an area more than 3000 square meters, is allocated as the faculty cafeteria and self-service.
For the students' comfort, several buses is devoted, in the student high traffic routes of the students throughout Mashhad, to transfer the students to the faculty and vice versa. The services during week (except holidays) and during the term commute almost every hour in these routes. Students' reception of these services is noticeable.
Doctor Sheykholeslami (Department of Law), Doctor Modirshanehchi (Department of Political Science) and Doctor Mohammad Javad Kamali (Founder of the French Department) are the most famous professors of this faculty.
There are 26000 books in Law, Political Sciences, English and French. 18000 of them are in Persian and 8000 are in English and French. This library is also the member of 15 scientific journals. In this library there are CD bank, educational video cassettes and two studying hall for male and female students.
The library of Para Medical Faculty was established in 2003 in a limited space with about 60 volumes of book n the location of the faculty. Now, sum of the references  include about 5270 Persian and Latin books which are classified with congress library method and also has 240 Persian and Latin magazines. The present area of the faculty's library is 110 square meters, includes store and male and female studying halls.
In the faculty site with the address of http://pmd.mshdiau.ac.ir, the latest news and information about the educational departments of the faculty are accessible by the students and professors and become update regularly.
In the main page of the site, information of the educational departments, faculty member, regulations, conferences and gatherings, educational calendar, introduction of the faculty, facilities and officials of  Para Medical Faculty are in access of public.
Student Association of IAUM (Islamic Azad University of Mashhad) which called "IAUMg", Dependent on KAVA Academic Center, has begun its activity since summer 2009. IAUMg has been approved by IAUM Public relations (iaumnews.ir) and Cultural Deputy of University (License Number: 31395/d).
The National Federation for Just Communities is a coalition of social justice member organizations across the United States which work to overcome racism, bias, and discrimination. The coalition of was formed in 2006 after the dissolution of the National Conference for Community and Justice. Members meet annually at a conference hosted by one of NFJC's affiliate offices.
The Grand Central Hotel was an early hotel establishment formerly located at 14th and Farnam Streets in downtown Omaha, Nebraska. The Grand Central was built as Omaha's premier lodging after the Herndon House became the Union Pacific Headquarters.
Shaun David Barker is an Australian-born talent manager, marketing executive and executive music producer. He manages and markets Australian DJs including Timmy Trumpet, Stafford Brothers and tyDi, who have all been voted the  number 1 DJs in Australia at the ITM Awards.
In 2012, he appeared as himself in Season Two of the FOX8 reality TV series The Stafford Brothers. Barker is currently the Creative Director at TPH Media in Los Angeles and is involved in the development and production of feature films based around music content.
Barker was born in Brisbane, Australia, to parents David Barker, a musician and scientist, and Leanne Barker.
Barker served as head of production for a series of albums, mix compilations and singles under the GeneratioNext banner from 2007 to 2010.
Barker is the only music manager to have three DJs named the number 1 DJ in Australia, six times in total.
Barker managed the marketing campaigns for singles featuring artists including Stafford Brothers, Lil Wayne, Christina Milian, T.I., Eva Simons, Timmy Trumpet, Savage, Lil Jon, Erick Morillo, Nadia Ali, and Carnage.[unreliable source?]
In 2012 and 2013, Barker was a guest speaker and panelist at EMC (Electronic Music Conference) on the subject of brand marketing in music.
St. Francis Prep has a rivalry with Holy Cross High School, fueled particularly by their football teams. Known as the "Battle of the Boulevard" due to the two schools being located only 2 miles apart on Francis Lewis Boulevard, the rivalry between the Prep Terriers and the Holy Cross Knights has been called "arguably the greatest rivalry in New York City football."
Leopold III of Belgium and his family were held in Castle Hirschstein from June 1944 to March 1945 by the Nazis.
Upon his retirement as a player, he became coach of  Florissant Valley Community College.  In 1967, St. Louis University hired him away from Florissant.  In his first year with the Billikens, Keough took his team to an NCAA co-championship.  He then took his team to four additional championships during his tenure (1969, 1970, 1972, and 1973). When he retired from coaching in 1982, he had compiled a 213-50-23 record with SLU.
Keough was featured in the 2009 soccer documentary A Time for Champions discussing the U.S. upset victory over England in the 1950 World Cup and his coaching career at St. Louis University.
Mantua Metal Products was a Woodbury Heights, New Jersey, metalworks business founded in 1926 by John Tyler and family. In the 1930s Mantua began to manufacture HO scale model trains of die-cast metal and became a leading hobbyist brand.
In the late 1980s and early 90s, Tyco expanded and diversified by acquiring several popular toy companies. In 1989, the company purchased the View-Master/Ideal Group, which brought to the company the View-Master, Magna Doodle and the Ideal Nursery line of dolls. In 1992, Tyco purchased the Illco Toy Company, bringing Illco's extensive line of toys based on the children's show Sesame Street to Tyco. It purchased Matchbox, a maker of model cars, in 1993.
In 1984 Tyco produced its own interlocking brick product, "Super Blocks". Super Blocks were compatible with LEGO, and were made following the basic LEGO patent's expiry in 1978. LEGO attempted to halt the production of Super Blocks in a lawsuit, which was later won by Tyco in 1987.
Tyco's musical toys of the late 1980s and early 1990s included the Tyco Hot Lixx and Tyco Hot Keyz, an electronic guitar and keytar respectively.
In the 1990s, the company also branched out with other toys such as airplanes. It made a hit in 1991 with their Disney's Little Mermaid dolls that were released in conjunction with the movie.
Tyco's Sesame Street line increased dramatically in popularity in 1996, when the plush doll Tickle Me Elmo became the most sought-after toy of the Christmas season.
When Tyco was purchased by Mattel on March 27, 1997, it was the third-largest toy company in the United States. The brand survived into the 2000s and beyond as the Mattel Tyco R/C division, while much of the Sesame Street line, Magna Doodle, and the View-Master were transferred to the Fisher-Price division. On February 23, 2019, Terry Flynn announced that Tyco was now a registered trademark of his Harden Creek Slot Cars, LLC.
Let Me Explain Something to You About Art is a studio album by composer and producer Kramer, released in 1998 by Tzadik Records.
 Barry Joseph O'Driscoll (born 18 September 1943) is an Irish doctor and former rugby union international. He came from a rugby family - his brother John, cousin Frank and Frank's son Brian also all played rugby union for Ireland.
This biographical article relating to Irish Rugby Union is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This Chromadorea nematode (or roundworm-) related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Anne Elizabeth Burr, later Anne Burr McDermott (June 10, 1918 - February 1, 2003), was an American actress, known especially for her work on stage and in radio.
Burr was born at Emerson Hospital in Boston, the daughter of Eugene Palmer Burr, a manager of a rooming company, and Helen Isabel Cummings. Her parents resided in Weymouth, Massachusetts at the time. Shortly after her birth, Burr's parents moved to Manhattan, where they resided on Riverside Drive. By 1930, her family had moved to Columbus, Ohio, her father's home-state. Burr had one younger brother, Charles Edward Burr (born in 1920 and died in 1938). 
Burr made her theatrical debut in summer stock before turning to Broadway, making her debut there in Native Son in 1941. She went on to appear in numerous Broadway productions through the 1940s, including Detective Story and The Hasty Heart. 
On television, Burr was an original cast member on the soap operas The Greatest Gift, where she played Dr. Eve Allen, one of the first female television doctors, and As the World Turns, where she originated the role of Claire English Lowell, a role she played from 1956 to 1959. Burr also had roles on The Philco Television Playhouse, Studio One, and Suspense.
Burr was briefly blacklisted during the Red Scare, but was nevertheless able to return to television soon thereafter. 
In 1959, following her departure from As the World Turns, she moved to Los Angeles and retired from acting.
Twice married, her first husband was Walter Darwin Coy (January 31, 1909 - December 11, 1974), who she married on March 26, 1942 in Manhattan. On June 21, 1953, she married her second husband Tom McDermott, a principal in Four Star Television, in Old Lyme, Connecticut.  
Burr died in Old Lyme, Connecticut, of respiratory failure; her husband had predeceased her in 1990. At the time of her death, she was survived by her three children from her second marriage, Maggie, Burr, and Michael, as well as five grandchildren.
This article about an American theatre actor born in the 1920s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Rocky Hill Country Day School is an independent, coeducational, college preparatory day school located on 84 acres along the Potowomut River and Narragansett Bay in Warwick, Rhode Island. It educates in grades nursery through grade 12.
In 2001, the first laptop classroom was implemented and a student laptop program was later launched in 2004.
The Rocky Hill Country Day School Model encourages all students to articulate and champion their own ideas to strive towards intellectual independence and a lifetime of learning. Through integrating technology in the classroom, outside learning and the implementation of the Harkness methodology (Grades 6-12) where students and teachers sit at a round table encouraging discussions and involvement.
The E401 was available as a resin model from "Q Kits", but this company is no longer trading as the owner has retired.
"Unfold" is a song by American record producer Porter Robinson and British singer-songwriter and producer Totally Enormous Extinct Dinosaurs. It is the sixth and final single from Robinson's second album Nurture, released on April 22, 2021, one day before the rest of the album. This song is the only listed collaboration on Nurture[a] and Robinson has stated that this was a contributing factor in making the song a callback to his first album Worlds (2014).
Pitchfork's Colin Joyce labelled "Unfold" as "blissed-out digital shoegaze", whilst Sophie Walker of The Line of Best Fit wrote that the track "[felt] somewhat anticlimactic thirteen tracks deep [into Nurture]."
Calling it "soaring, cheery, and blissful", Magnetic Mag's Ryan Middleton stated that "Unfold" was the album's "crown jewel". Middleton favourably compared it to Robinson's two previous collaborations, "Easy" (with Mat Zo) and "Shelter" (with Madeon).
Triple J writer Sose Fuamoli thought "the team up [of Robinson and Higginbottom] [had given] way to punching beats, emphatic drum patterns and vocals that only grow stronger with their persistent energy."
The lyric video for "Unfold" was released on YouTube on May 19, 2021. The video was made by Eric Ko with creative direction by Robinson and Samuel Burgess-Johnson, who has collaborated with Robinson on other music videos. The video prominently features the lyrics alongside the chords, similar to a lead sheet, and the beginning of the video features fretboard diagrams of the same chords preceded by the words "chords (capo on 3rd fret)".
Bangladesh Bar Council is a statutory autonomous body in Bangladesh, established under the Legal Practitioners and the Bar Council Order. It is the licensing and regulatory body for lawyers in Bangladesh.
The bar council can establish tribunals to investigate and prosecute complaints against lawyers.  In 2019 there were five such tribunals. A tribunal may reprimand or suspend a lawyer or remove them from practice.  It dealt with 378 complaints from 2014 to 2018.  Nine lawyers have lost their license permanently and 6 were suspended for a limited period of time.
The council was established in 1972 through the Legal Practitioners and the Bar Council Order. It has 15 members including the Attorney General of Bangladesh. It publishes a legal journal called Bangladesh Legal Decisions. Members are elected to the council.
Coleophora saturatella is a moth of the family Coleophoridae. It is found from Sweden to the Pyrenees, the Alps and Albania and from Great Britain to Romania. It has also been recorded from southern Russia.
This article on a moth of the family Coleophoridae is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The studio album was released on February 21, 2020, through 1111klubb and distributed by Universal Music. The title of the album is explained as a monostich poem by Cezinando. At the Norwegian radioshow, Nitimen, on NRK Cezinando explained when that the poem was something that got "stuck to his head" when he and Ole Torjus Hofvind was out for a walk after a long studio session.
The Willard-Fisk House is a historic farm property at 126 Whitney Street in Holden, Massachusetts.  The farmhouse, built about 1772, is one of the oldest houses in Holden, and one of its oldest brick houses.  The property also includes a 19th-century barn and several 20th-century farm outbuildings.  The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996, where it is listed at 121 Whitney Street.
Rise heart; thy Lord is risen. Sing his praise without delayes, Who takes thee by the hand, that thou likewise with him may'st rise; That, as his death calcined thee to dust, His life may make thee gold, and much more, just.
Awake, my lute, and struggle for thy part with all thy art. The crosse taught all wood to resound his name, who bore the same. His stretched sinews taught all strings, what key Is the best to celebrate this most high day.
Consort both heart and lute, and twist a song pleasant and long; Or since all musick is but three parts vied and multiplied. O let thy blessed Spirit bear a part, And make up our defects with his sweet art.
I got me flowers to strew thy way; I got me boughs off many a tree: But thou wast up by break of day, And brought'st thy sweets along with thee.
The Sunne arising in the East. Though he give light, and th'East perfume; If they should offer to contest With thy arising, they presume.
Can there be any day but this, Though many sunnes to shine endeavour? We count three hundred, but we misse: There is but one, and that one ever.
Love bade me welcome: yet my soul drew back. Guiltie of dust and sinne. But quick-ey'd Love, observing me grow slack From my first entrance in, Drew nearer to me, sweetly questioning If I lack'd anything.
A guest, I answer'd, worthy to be here: Love said, You shall be he. I the unkinde, ungrateful? Ah, my deare, I cannot look on thee. Love took my hand, and smiling did reply, Who made the eyes but I?
Truth Lord, but I have marr'd them: let my shame Go where it doth deserve. And know you not, sayes Love, who bore the blame? My deare, then I will serve. You must sit down, sayes Love, and taste my meat: So I did sit and eat.
Come, my Way, my Truth, my Life: Such a Way, as gives us breath: Such a Truth, as ends all strife: Such a Life, as killeth death.
Come, my Light, my Feast, my Strength: Such a Light, as shows a feast: Such a Feast, as mends in length: Such a Strength, as makes his guest.
Come, my Joy, my Love, my Heart: Such a Joy, as none can move: Such a Love, as none can part: Such a Heart, as joyes in love.
Let all the world in ev'ry corner sing: My God and King. The heavens are not too high, His praise may thither flie; The earth is not too low, His praises there may grow.
Let all the world in ev'ry corner sing: My God and King. The Church with psalms must shout, No doore can keep them out; But above all, the heart Must bear the longest part.
Pseudozarba is a genus of moths in the subfamily Eustrotiinae of the family Noctuidae. The genus was described by Warren in 1913.
Smerinthus minor, the lesser eyed hawkmoth, is a moth of the family Sphingidae. It was described by Rudolf Mell in 1937. It is a montane species found from the Taibai Shan area, western Qinling Mountains in Shaanxi, China eastwards along the Qinling to southern Shanxi and then north to just west of Beijing. It has also been recorded from the Miaofeng Mountains near Beijing and the Wuling Mountains in Hunan.
Maier was born into a Jewish family in Manhattan, the son of Julius Maier and Lydia B. Maier. All four of his grandparents emigrated from Germany. He attended Columbia Law School and was an editor on the  Columbia Law Review.
He died at age 33 after suffering from an illness for two months. Maier was inducted into the ACBL Hall of Fame in 2004.
There are three main Ogiek varieties that have been documented, though there are several dozen named local Ogiek groups: 
As formulated by Noam Chomsky, accounting for this gap between knowledge and experience is "Plato's Problem". The phrase has a specific linguistic context with regard to language acquisition but can also be used more generally.
Plato's early philosophical endeavors involved poetry discussing many ideas, such as the differences between knowledge and opinion, particulars and universals, and God and man. These early dialogues do not utilize conventional notions of reason. Rather, they appeal to the emotions, the allegorical, the spiritual, and the mythological interests of an ancient speculative mind.
Some of Plato's famous works are Phaedo, the Crito, and, as noted earlier, the Meno. Within these works are found a comprehensive philosophy that addresses epistemology, metaphysics, ethics, aesthetics, theology, and logic. As noted, most of the writing is in the form of dialogues and arguments to pursue answers to difficult questions and concepts. Plato's teacher and mentor, Socrates, always plays a significant and formative role in these dialogues.
If someone disagreed with him, Socrates would execute this process in order to bring about his interlocutor's reluctant admission of inconsistencies and contradictions. Either Socrates would ask his debators questions about their claims that would lead them to admit their fallacy or Socrates would answer questions by posing questions meant to lead the other to answer their own query.
This is derived from Socrates' belief that one's soul existed in past lives and knowledge is transferred from those lives to the current one. "These [ideas] were revealed in a former state of existence, and are recovered by reminiscence (anamnesis) or association from sensible things" . The claim is that one does not need to know what knowledge is before gaining knowledge, but rather one has a wealth of knowledge before ever gaining any experience.
There are several concepts important to the Chomskyan (or generativist) approach to linguistics. The most fundamental of these ideas is the theory of universal grammar (UG). Simply put, and as implied by the name, UG refers to those grammatical properties thought to be shared by all (to be universal to all) derivations of human language (anything from Amharic to Zhuang).
Several questions (or problems) motivate linguistic theorizing and investigation. Two such taken up in Chomskyan linguistics are the process of language acquisition in children, and "Plato's Problem". These subjects are interrelated and viewed as evidence in support of the theory of UG.
The hypothetical question posed addresses a common misconception about what is instantiated in the mind/brain of an individual when it comes to language. It does not address the "logical problem" of language acquisition, i.e., how children transition from ostensibly having no knowledge of language to having full knowledge, in what may be described as a very limited time with apparently limited input.
Plato's Problem particularly refers to a point in the dialogue when Socrates is talking with an uneducated servant and shows, through this interaction, that the servant knows the Pythagorean Theorem though he has never been explicitly taught any geometry. How does the servant know without having ever been taught? Plato's suggestion is, essentially, that people have innate knowledge.
From this, the child might determine that the word that is optional and from this analogize to the following examples:
Clearly, the second example is not a grammatically well-formed sentence in English. A child knows this and does not form sentences such as the one marked by the asterisk. How does the child know, without being explicitly taught, that the ungrammatical example is, in fact, ungrammatical? From the linguistic perspective being described here, the answer to this question is that such knowledge pre-exists as part of UG.
There have been studies of perception and attention that support the idea that there is an abundance of knowledge available to an individual at any given moment (Blake & Sekuler, 2006).
A key ingredient to the beginning stages of perception requires the attention of the observer on some focal point or stimulus. There is a presupposition that if one visually perceives an object, one knows that one is seeing it (excluding the exception of perceptual illusions). Whatever sensory stimuli are attended to can be declared knowledge.
Various implications arise from the research and theorizing on Plato's philosophy, linguistics, perception, and cognitive structures. Debates over epistemology have been around since antiquity. In historical philosophy, the debate has been between rationalism and empiricism. In contemporary psychology, the debate is between biology (nature) and environment (nurture).
In contemporary philosophical, linguistic, and psychological circles, it is rare to maintain an unwavering stance on either of these extremes; most fall toward the middle. The ideas of "nature and nurture" or "innateness and environmental input" are no longer perceived as mutually exclusive. Instead, researchers point to a necessarily interactive relationship in order for thought and behavior to occur[citation needed].
All of these ideas speak to the crux of Plato's Problem, which is how to account for the gap between knowledge and limited experience. For some scientific and philosophical disciplines, the answer to this conundrum is innateness, or biological pre-wiring. Innate knowledge is what bridges the gap between the limited information one gleans from the environment (poverty of the stimulus) and one's actual knowledge.
In 1883 Zeitlin left Russia and settled in Dresden, where he collected a large library, which he placed at the disposal of Talmudic students.
In the beginning of 1887 he undertook a journey to the Holy Land, where he celebrated the Passover. He visited Jerusalem and Hebron, and took great interest in the Jewish antiquities, as well as in the agricultural colonies of Palestine, to which he bequeathed 50,000 francs, in addition to many bequests to educational institutions.
Frankie Howerd Strikes Again is a British comedy television series which originally aired on ITV in 1981. It was a sketch show produced by Yorkshire Television, in the style of Howerd's earlier series.
As well as Howerd, other performers who appeared in the series included Henry McGee, Neil Innes, Linda Cunningham, Jeanne Mockford, Norman Chappell, Claire Davenport, Ronnie Brody, Hilda Fenemore and Anneka Rice.
 Sibusiso Vilane (born 5 December 1970, Shongwe Mission in Mpumalanga) is a South African adventurer and motivational speaker and the author of the book To the Top from Nowhere. An adventurer, marathon runner and mountaineer and expedition leader, he has also served as the Chief Scout of Scouts South Africa.
Vilane started climbing in 1996 by summitting peaks in the Drakensberg. In 1999, he summitted Mount Kilimanjaro and went on to the Himalayas in 2002, successfully climbing Pokalde, Lobuche and Island Peak, all of which are over 6,000 metres high, as part of his training for the Mount Everest expedition.
In March 2003, Vilane set off for the Himalayas again in his quest to be the first Black African to summit earth's highest mountain, Everest. He summitted successfully on 26 May 2003 from the South Side.
On that day, South African President Thabo Mbeki congratulated him on his achievement. "In this, he has shown the heights we can all scale in life if we put our shoulder to the wheel and work at things without flagging. Sibusiso, you have done us proud!" In 2006, Vilane was awarded the Order of Ikhamanga (Bronze) by President Mbeki. 
Since this climb, Vilane has completed all Seven Summits. In late 2007 Vilane and fellow mountaineer, Alex Harris, embarked on an unsupported and unassisted trek to reach the South Pole which, when they completed the expedition on 17 January 2008, made Vilane and Harris the first South Africans to walk to the South Pole and Vilane the black person to do so.
Vilane arrived at the geographic North Pole on 12 April 2012. This is the final hurdle to becoming the first black person to complete the Three Poles Challenge. This expedition was dubbed The Goliath Challenge and sponsored by Virgin Money Insurance. In completion of the Three Poles Challenge and the Seven Summits, Vilane has also become the first African to have accomplished Explorers Grand Slam, an elite title earned only by a handful around the world.[citation needed]
"The future entirely depends on the education of children, their access to information to broaden their thinking and understanding of the ever-changing and challenging world" says Vilane.
Vilane is also a patron of the Global Offering (GO) projects and is an eco ambassador for Indalo Yethu, a government organisation which strives to raise awareness about the environment.
In December 2013, he was appointed Chief Scout of Scouts South Africa, a position he held until 2017.
On Thursday December 2011, Vilane was introduced to the Queen of the United Kingdom at a reception at Buckingham Palace. The reception was held to acknowledge those involved in mountaineering, adventurer and exploration. Also present was Sir Ranulph Fiennes, a friend of Vilane.
During July 2016, Sibusiso Vilane was the expedition lead, guiding a party of 40 climbers to the summit of Kilimanjaro. During the summit attempt a well known South African race and rally driver, Gugu Zulu, succumbed prior to reaching the summit due to unspecified illness. 
"I asked him how he was, he said, 'I'm ok... I suspect there is some flu creeping in'." With tears rolling down his face, Vilane said he did not see any signs of an illness. "For me he was still cheerful."
Kieran McGuinness (born 8 July 1983) is an Australian rules footballer who formerly played with the Western Bulldogs in the Australian Football League (AFL).
He was picked in the 2001 AFL Draft at pick 42.  He made a sensational debut in his first year, kicking four goals against Essendon, but had limited opportunities from then on, playing 23 senior games to the end of the 2005 season. He played in the Victorian Football League (VFL) grand final in 2005 for the Bulldogs VFL-affiliate Werribee. He was delisted at the end of 2006.
McGuinness returned to Victoria in 2015, and joined the Northern Blues in the VFL. He spent two seasons with the Blues as a player and development coach, retiring at the end of 2016 after suffering cracked vertebrae in his neck in an onfield incident.
Gandhera is a town and union council of Charsadda District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.
This article related to a constituency in Punjab, Pakistan is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Gamage Haththotuwa Weerasumana Weerasinghe (born 17 November 1975) is a Sri Lankan politician, former provincial minister and Member of Parliament.
Weerasinghe was born on 17 November 1975. He was educated at St. Thomas' College, Matara. He is a member of the Communist Party of Sri Lanka.
Weerasinghe  was a member of Kotagala Divisional Council and the Southern Provincial Council where he held a provincial ministerial portfolio. He was dismissed from his ministerial position in September 2017 for voting against the proposed 20th amendment to the Constitution of Sri Lanka. He contested the 2020 parliamentary election as a Sri Lanka People's Freedom Alliance electoral alliance candidate in Monaragala District and was elected to the Parliament of Sri Lanka.
David George Hitlin (born 15 April 1942) is a particle physicist at the California Institute of Technology.
Gules, 2 fesses embattled counterembattled argent, overall on a canton Gules, 3 pales vair and a chief Or. (Baives and Willies use the same arms.)
Ataun is a town located at the foot of the Aralar Range in the Goierri region of the province of Gipuzkoa, in the autonomous community of the Basque Country, in the north of Spain. The town consists of three major parishes - San Martin, San Gregorio and Aia - along with several other minor boroughs.
This article about a location in the Basque Country, Spain, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Today most of these coins are extremely common finds, with a few scarcer examples including Aemilianus, Marcus Aurelius Marius, Quietus, and Regalianus. 
Nicholas Jesse Kaczur (born July 28, 1979) is a former American football offensive tackle. He was drafted by the New England Patriots in the third round of the 2005 NFL Draft. He played college football at Toledo.
While attending Brantford Collegiate Institute in Brantford, Ontario, Kaczur was rated as the best prep lineman in Ontario, was voted his school's Lineman of the Year four times, and was his team's Offensive MVP in his junior and senior years. He also played for the Brantford Bisons of the Ontario Varsity Football League.
After suffering a back injury early in the Patriots' 2010 training camp, Kaczur missed all the preseason and was inactive for the first four games of the season before being placed on injured reserve on October 12, 2010.
The Arms Act, 1959 is an Act of the Parliament of India to consolidate and amend the law relating to arms and ammunition in order to curb illegal weapons and violence stemming from them. It replaced the Indian Arms Act, 1878.
The Act has undergone many changes since 1959, the most recent being in 2010 through an amendment for the Arms Act. There was also controversy around air guns to be included as part of this act which was rejected by the Supreme Court of India.
The Indian Arms Act, 1878 was an act regulating the manufacture, sale, possession, and carry of firearms.
Prior to the Indian Mutiny of 1857 (these days referred to in India as the First War of Independence), there were few gun control laws in India.
The act included the mandatory licensing to carry a weapon, but contained exclusions for some groups and persons, for instance "all persons of Kodava (Coorg) race".
In The New Cambridge History of India: Science, Technology and Medicine in Colonial India, scholar David Arnold examines the effect of the British Raj on Indian weapons, mining and metallurgy:
Breidholt - Elisa Groa  Capital Region - Maria Bjork  Northern Lights - Inga Maria  Reykjavik - Kolbrun Ragnarsdottir  West Reykjavik - Sunneva Fjolnisdottir 
Akranes - Sigrun Armannsdottir  Grafarvogur - Bertha Waagfjord  Akureyri - Soley Gudmarsdottir  North Reykjavik - Olafia Osk  Westman Islands - Thoranna Throrarinsdottir 
Gianair is a Ghanaian airline with its head office in Accra, Ghana, and its main base at Kotoka International Airport in Accra.
Gianair was incorporated on 29 May 2009 and commenced flight operations in April 2010. The airline specialises in executive and private charter, emergency medical rescue and ad hoc cargo operations. 
  The 1998 Chamba massacre was the killing of thirty-five Hindus by Hizbul Mujahideen, in the Chamba district of Himachal Pradesh in India on 3 August 1998.
Since 1989, an Islamic militant Insurgency in Jammu and Kashmir had gripped the  state of Jammu and Kashmir.
Top Hizbul Mujahideen terrorists Billu Gujjar was arrested in Pathankot by Punjab Police a few days later in connection with this attack.
This biographical article related to a football midfielder from Ecuador is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Pekka Juhani Korvenheimo (born 17 January 1941, in Helsinki) is a Finnish diplomat, a master of political science .
In addition, Korvenheimo was a Social Democratic student leader during his studies and the first president of the United Nations Student Association. He has been involved in the Social Democratic Party since the late 1950s. Korvenheimo was nominated as a party secretary in 1969, but Jukka Seppinen claims in his book Kalevi Sorsa, SDP:n vallan vakauttaja   (2008),   that the Soviet Union stamped Korvenheimo was  right winger and was blocking his selection.
In the field of video production, where it is often called a back focus chart, the Siemens star is widely used to adjust the back focus of removable lenses. It is also used during film or video shoots to help setting the focus in special situations.
Siemens stars are similar to the sunburst pattern used as a background in graphic design, as in the Japanese Naval Ensign, Russian Air Force flag and Jordanian Royal Standard. They are useful in drawing the eye to a point on the page.
The star was developed by Siemens & Halske AG (today Siemens) in the 1930s to test the lenses of Siemens narrow-film cameras.
He joined the Communist Party of Yugoslavia (CPY) and after the Bulgarian fascist occupation he took part in the preparations for the armed resistance in Prilep. He was jailed and after a long interrogation he was interned in Bulgaria. In the spring of 1943 he returned to Macedonia, and in the autumn of the same year he joined the armed partisan forces in Debarca.
He was buried with high state honors in the Alley for Distinguished Citizens in the Butel cemetery in Skopje.
Conrad Orzel (born July 11, 2000) is a Canadian figure skater. He is the 2019 Bavarian Open silver medalist, a two-time medalist on the ISU Junior Grand Prix series, and the 2017 Canadian national junior silver medalist. He placed 13th at the 2017 and 2018 World Junior Championships.
Orzel was born on July 11, 2000, in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. He is of Polish ancestry, and speaks English, French, and Polish. He has two  younger sisters, one named Amelia, who is a ladies figure skater.
Orzel began learning to skate in 2003. Eva Najarro became his coach when he was five years old. He trained at the York Region Skating Academy in Richmond Hill, Ontario until 2018, and also worked with Joanne McLeod in Vancouver, British Columbia.
Orzel sustained a torn ligament in his left leg and an avulsion fracture before the Skate Canada Challenge in December 2014. The following month, he won bronze in the novice men's event at the 2015 Canadian Championships.
Competing on the junior level, Orzel ranked fourth in the short program, sixth in the free skate, and fifth overall at the 2016 Canadian Championships. During the free skate, he hit his head on the ice after attempting a triple Axel jump. He continued with his program and was examined afterward by a medical team, which found no concussion. Making his international debut, he won the junior bronze medal at the Coupe du Printemps in March 2016.
Orzel placed seventh at his first Junior Grand Prix assignment in Linz, Austria.  In his second even in Poland, he won the bronze medal.  Orzel moved to the senior level domestically, placing eleventh at the 2018 national championships.  He ended the season at the 2018 World Junior Championships, where he placed thirteenth again.
Orzel decided to leave his longtime coach Eva Najarro, transferring to the Toronto Cricket, Skating & Curling Club under the tutelage of Lee Barkell.  He was again named to Skate Canada's NextGen team. Orzel placed fourth at both of his JGP assignments, coming only 0.01 points away from a bronze medal at 2018 JGP Slovenia after setting new personal bests in both the free skate and in total score.
At the 2019 Canadian Championships, Orzel placed fourth in the short program, skating completely cleanly.  He had a difficult free skate, dropping to fifth place overall. Because Orzel finished behind both Stephen Gogolev and Joseph Phan, he was not named to Canada's team for the World Junior Championships. He was instead assigned to the 2019 Bavarian Open, making his senior international debut, where he won the silver medal.
Orzel moved to compete fully at the senior level, beginning the season at the 2019 CS Autumn Classic International, where he placed sixth.  Making his Grand Prix debut at the 2019 Cup of China, he placed eleventh.  Orzel was twelfth at the 2019 NHK Trophy, and concluded his season with a sixth-place finish at the 2020 Canadian Championships.
Orzel was assigned to compete at the 2020 Skate Canada International, but the event was cancelled as a result of the coronavirus pandemic.
With the pandemic continuing to make it difficult to hold in-person events, the 2021 Skate Canada Challenge was held virtually, and Orzel placed fifth at the event, notably placing third in the short program and landing two quadruple jumps. The 2021 Canadian Championships were subsequently cancelled.
Eagle Stadium is a football stadium in Allen, Texas. It is owned and operated by the Allen Independent School District and is home of the Allen High School Eagles.
Eagle Stadium is notable (and controversial) for its size (it has a capacity of 18,000 spectators, the fifth largest high school stadium in Texas, and the largest which serves as home field for only one high school) and its cost of completion (just under US$60 million).  The 18,000 seats include 9,000 home-side seats (including 1,000 reserved for the Allen Escadrille), 4,000 end-zone seats for students and general admission (located in the north end zone), and 5,000 visitor-side seats.
Beneath the grandstand there are spaces for wrestling, a golf simulator practice area, and a weight room.
The final Texas vs The Nation college football all-star bowl game was held at Eagle Stadium in February, 2013.
Repairs costing more than $10 million were made at the expense of the builder and architect, and the stadium was officially reopened on June 5, 2015, for graduation.
2. Allen was unable to play any games in the stadium during the 2014 season due to repairs. Allen reached an agreement with neighboring Plano ISD to play 3 "home games" using 2 of Plano's Stadiums. As a part of the agreement Allen hosted 8 home games (as opposed to the normal 5 home games) in the 2015 season.
7. A regular season home game against Tyler Legacy High School was canceled after players tested positive for COVID-19.
The first station at Barrow was opened in 1840 by the Midland Counties Railway, which shortly joined the North Midland Railway and the Birmingham and Derby Junction Railway to form the Midland Railway.
It was originally known simply as Barrow, but became Barrow-upon-Soar in 1871. When Quorn and Woodhouse was opened by the rival Great Central Railway on the opposite (western) side of Quorn, it became Barrow-upon-Soar and Quorn in 1899. Neither station, in fact, was ideally located for Quorn being about equidistant from its centre.
Barrow was the only station on the line to retain much of its original MCR architecture. However it was completely demolished following its closure in 1968.
A new station was opened a little to the southeast of the original site on 27 May 1994 as part of phase one of the Ivanhoe Line.
In August 2016, a road bridge by the station partially collapsed during maintenance work, severely disrupting train services.
The station is unstaffed and facilities are limited although there is a self-service ticket machine for ticket purchases as well as shelters and modern help points on both platforms. Bicycle storage is also available at the station.
All services at Barrow-upon-Soar are operated by East Midlands Railway using Class 153, 156 and 158 DMUs.
Sanjay Subrahmanyam (born 21 May 1961) is a historian who specialises in the early modern period and in Connected History. He is the author of several books and publications. He holds the Irving and Jean Stone Endowed Chair in Social Sciences at UCLA which he joined in 2004.
In 2012, Subrahmanyam was awarded the first Infosys Prize in Humanities, for his 'path-breaking contribution to history'. He also served as a Humanities jury member for the prize from 2019.
In February 2019, Sanjay Subrahmanyam was awarded the Dan David Prize for History (jointly with Kenneth Pomeranz, Chicago).
Oligocarpus calendulaceus  is a plant in the Asteraceae family. It was first described as Osteospermum calendulaceum in 1782 by Carl Linnaeus the Younger. In 1832, Christian Friedrich Lessing assigned it to the genus Oligocarpus in his Synopsis Generum Compositarum. (This is the name accepted by the Australian Plant Name Index, but Plants of the World Online accepts Osteospermum calendulaceum.)
In South Africa, it is native to the Cape Provinces, Free State, KwaZulu-Natal, Lesotho, Northern Provinces, and Swaziland. It has been introduced into Hawaii, and Australia, where it is found in South Australia and Western Australia.  In Australia, it is an agricultural weed, and found mainly in arid areas on lagoon shores, and on plains.
After World War II, Lokvenc tied for 2nd-3rd in Vienna in 1947. In 1951, he tied for 7-8th in Marienbad (zt). In 1951/52, he tied for 2nd-4th in Vienna. He shared 1st in 1951 and won in 1953 the Austrian Championship. In 1954, he tied for 9-10th in Munich.
Lokvenc played for Austria in nine Chess Olympiads: 1927, 1928, 1930, 1952, 1954, 1956, 1958, 1960, and 1962.
Group 1 of UEFA Euro 1988 contained West Germany, Italy, Spain, and Denmark. Matches were played from 10 to 17 June 1988.
Linesmen: Renzo Peduzzi (Switzerland) Philippe Mercier (Switzerland) Reserve referee: Karl-Josef Assenmacher (West Germany)
Reewa Rathod is a singer, songwriter, pianist, and performing artist. She is best known for her songs Maula (One Above) and Saaya Tere Ishq Ka. She won the Mirchi Music Award for Best Independent Song of The Year 2019 for her debut single Maula (One Above) 2018.
Reewa Rathod was born in Mumbai to singers Roop Kumar Rathod and Sunali Rathod. At the age of four, she sang the Meera bhajan Payoji Maine Ram Ratan Dhan Payo at the Tejpal Hall in Mumbai. Her grandfather, the Late Pandit Chaturbhuj Rathod, was a well known Dhrupad Dhamar vocalist of the Aditya Gharana of Jamnagar. Her paternal uncles Shravan Rathod and Vinod Rathod are well-known music composers and singers in the Indian film industry.[citation needed]
Reewa's first public performance was at the at age of 4 years at Tejpal Auditorium Mumbai for her Grandfather Late Pandit Chaturbhuj Rathod's 1st Death Anniversary. Her first public performance as an artist came as the opening act for a Bryan Adams concert in 2011 in Pune, where she sang "Crossing Limits", a self-penned song.
She performed at the Doon School's Rose Bowl in 2012 and Saptrang in 2014. She was awarded Sur Jytosna National Music Award.
She composed and recorded Tandaana for the Spanish film Rastres De Sandal (Traces of Sandalwood) starring Nandita Das and Aina Clotet.
"Saanwal", the first track of her project "Travel with Masters" was released on 17 January 2019, produced by Ustad Zakir Hussain and Michael Mennart, featuring saxophonist Chris Potter. The song blended Indian Folk and Spanish sound together.
In 2020 she released her debut album Saaya Tere Ishq Ka which was composed by Reewa with lyrics by Gulzar. The title track "Maula (One Above)" was mixed and mastered by Brian Malouf.
Reewa has performed "Jasmine Flower" in Chinese, for Yue-sai Kan's live-streaming charity fashion gala 2020, alongside Kenny G, Lang Lang and three other prominent artists in the UK, Norway and France.
"Reewa is one of my brightest and youngest composers and I was glad to work on her debut single" - Gulzar - BUSINESS STANDARD
After her first single "Maula" in 2018 and "Saanwal" (with Zakir Hussain) in 2019, the young singer and composer is now coming up with her first solo album titled "Saaya Tere Ishq Ka" - HI INDIA 
The Play-offs of the 2015 Fed Cup Americas Zone Group II were the final stages of the Group II Zonal Competition involving teams from the Americas. Using the positions determined in their pools, the twelve teams faced off to determine their placing in the 2015 Fed Cup Americas Zone Group II. The top two teams advanced to Group I for the next year.
The first placed teams of the four pools were drawn in head-to-head rounds. The winners advanced to Group I.
The second placed teams of the four pools were drawn in head-to-head rounds to find the equal fifth and sixth placed teams, and the equal seventh to eighth placed teams.
The third placed teams of the four pools were drawn in head-to-head rounds to find the equal ninth and tenth placed teams, and the equal eleventh to twelfth placed teams.
KWLV (107.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a country music format. Licensed to Many, Louisiana, United States, the station serves  Sabine Parish and surrounding areas from a studio located in Many, Louisiana.  The station is currently owned by Baldridge-Dumas Communications, Inc . The station broadcasts using the Westwood One Mainstream Country format.
Selden died of an illness in at Fort Union, aged 44, on February 2, 1865.  He was first buried at Fort Union, and when that post was closed his grave was moved to Santa Fe National Cemetery.  Fort Selden was named for him soon after his death when that fort was established.
A cenotaph was also erected in Old Bennington Cemetery, Bennington, Bennington County, Vermont memorializing Col Henry Raymond Selden and his wife when he was a Lieutenant, Mary Alice Selden who died on January 15, 1854, aged 29 years.
The two books include principles for building well-designed products. His recommendations are based on the needs of the user, leaving aside what he considers secondary issues like aesthetics. The main highlights of these are:
The goal of the User-Centered design is to make products which have very high usability. This includes how convenient the product is, in terms of its usage, manageability, effectiveness, and how well the product is mapped to the user requirements. Below are the general phases of User-Centered Design process:
In the next steps, the above procedure is repeated to further finish the product. These phases are general approaches and factors like design goals, team and their timeline, and environment in which the product is developed, determine the appropriate phases for a project and their order. You can either follow a waterfall model, agile model or any other software engineering practice.
UCD asks questions about users and their tasks and goals, then uses the findings to make decisions about development and design. UCD of a web site, for instance, seeks to answer the following questions:
As an example of UCD viewpoints, the essential elements of UCD of a website usually are the considerations of visibility, accessibility, legibility and language.
Visibility helps the user construct a mental model of the document. Models help the user predict the effect(s) of their actions while using the document. Important elements (such as those that aid navigation) should be emphatic. Users should be able to tell from a glance what they can and cannot do with the document.
Text should be easy to read: Through analysis of the rhetorical situation, the designer should be able to determine a useful font-family and font style. Ornamental fonts, text in all capital letters, large or small body text are all can be hard to read and should be avoided. Text-colouring and bolding can be helpful when used in text-heavy scenarios. High figure-ground contrast between text and background increases legibility. Dark text against a light background is most legible.
Depending on the rhetorical situation, certain types of languages are needed. Short sentences are helpful, as are well-written texts used in explanations and similar bulk-text situations. Unless the situation calls for it, jargon or heavily technical terms should not be used. Many writers will choose to use the active voice, verbs (instead of noun strings or nominals), and a simple sentence structure.
There are a number of tools that are used in the analysis of User-Centered Design, mainly: personas, scenarios, and essential use cases.
During the UCD process, a Persona representing the user may be created. A persona is a user archetype used to help guide decisions about product features, navigation, interactions, and even visual design. In most cases, personas are synthesized from a series of ethnographic interviews with real people, then captured in 1-2 page descriptions that include behavior patterns, goals, skills, attitudes, and environment, with a few fictional personal details to bring the persona to life.
Personas can also be modified all through the UCD of a product, based on user testing and changing environment. This is not an ideal way to use Personas but should not be a taboo either particularly when it becomes apparent that variables surrounding a product's development have changed since the design started and current persona/s may not cater well to the changed conditions. 
An essential use case is a special kind of use case, also called an abstract use case. Essential use cases describe the essence of the problem, and deals with the nature of the problem itself. While writing essential use cases, no assumptions about unrelated details should be made. In additions, the goals of the subject should be separated from the process and implementation to reach that particular goal. Below is an example of an essential use case with the same goal as the former example.
"Mount Conness bears the name of a distinguished citizen of California, now a United States Senator, who deserves more than any other person, the credit of carrying the bill, organizing the Geological Survey of California, through the Legislature, and who is chiefly to be credited for another great scientific work, the Survey of the 40th Parallel."
Clarence King, a geologist for the Survey and the first to ascend Mount Conness along with James T. Gardiner in 1864, wrote:
The members of the Whitney Survey were naturally[original research?] appreciative of Senator Conness for helping their cause.[citation needed]
Conness is a training ground for alpine climbing since it utilizes all aspects of mountaineering: trails, scrambling, and glacier trekking; all at a high altitude for California. Usually climbers camp near Tioga Pass and begin the climb at dawn. It takes about a full day to summit.
The fertile land was once the home of the Yamatji people, who lived a fairly sedentary life and subsisted on fish and water fowl from the river mouth, shell-fish from the coast and game from the hills. They also cultivated ajeca, a yam-like plant on the river flats.
A popular camping ground was what is now known as "The Bootenal Springs". It is a permanent source of water and became a place of conflict between the Aboriginal people and the first European settlers. Although no evidence of the conflict remains, the site has since been interpreted to remind people of what took place.
The area was first explored by George Edward Grey in 1839, after which he named the area after Sir George Bellas Greenough, the president of the Royal Geographical Society in London. Grey claimed that the area could become "the granary of Western Australia".
In 1993, Greenough made national news headlines when a woman and her three young children of this small community were murdered. The killing later featured on the Australian television show Crime Investigation Australia.
In 2006, floodwaters on the Greenough River undermined and caused the collapse of one of the stone pylons of Maley's bridge in Central Greenough. The bridge, which is both historically significant and important for local vehicular movement, was subsequently restored.
In 2013, a disastrous fire gutted Maley's mill and store, one of Greenough's more significant heritage buildings.
Paroled at Appomattox Court-House on April 9, 1865, Davis returned to Mississippi. After the war he resided in Harrison County, his home most of the time being at Biloxi. He died on September 15, 1896, and is buried at Biloxi Cemetery.
Davis was married in 1848 to Frances H. D. Peyton, and secondly, in 1870, to Margaret C. Green. He had two daughters.
Reportedly not keen on the Russian drama, Gedeonov (as the head of the Imperial Theatres) did little to foster its development. He strongly supported, though, Italian opera and was instrumental in getting several prominent Italian singers to perform in the Russian capital.
Vasilisa Melentyeva, the play that Gedeonov wrote later in his life, suffered a  somewhat similar fate. Dissatisfied with his own effort, he passed the text to Alexander Ostrovsky, and the latter used the  plot to write the completely new play of the same title.
Robin Edmond Scott (born 1 April 1947) is an English singer and founder of a music project he called M. His career encompasses six decades.
Scott was born in Croydon, Surrey, where he attended Croydon Art College and met Malcolm McLaren in the late 1960s. Scott befriended McLaren and fashion guru Vivienne Westwood with whom he was to collaborate ten  years later. He declined their offer to be involved in SEX, the Chelsea clothes shop which McLaren and Westwood launched, preferring to make his career in music. 
While at college he had displayed a talent for writing topical songs which he performed on radio and television. This led to his debut album, for which he was backed by Mighty Baby. Woman From the Warm Grass was released on a small independent record label called Head Records.
Scott began performing his own songs and accompanying himself on guitar. He spent a period playing folk music clubs as a solo musician, sharing bills with emerging artists such as David Bowie, John Martyn and Ralph McTell. He also recorded a session for the BBC, one of the tracks from which was included on the CD reissue of the album in 2001.
In early 1970, Scott conceived a multimedia project, The Voice, which was aired on BBC Radio 3. He left Britain to travel both around Europe and North America. When he returned, he made demos with members of the progressive rock band Camel, songwriter Terry Britten and music publisher Ronnie Scott. In 1972, he won the Search for a Star national talent contest, and was offered a recording contract by EMI, but turned down the deal because the label would not support his backing band.
In 1973, he performed in bands with Pete Thomas (later of Elvis Costello and the Attractions), and Paul "Bassman" Riley, and also wrote a musical called Heartaches & Teardrops, a play with original songs which has parallels to The Rocky Horror Show, and the True Love and Romance comic strip genre.
In 1978, Scott worked as producer for Barclay Records in Paris, France where he lived with his girlfriend Brigitte Vinchon (alias Brigit Novik), after producing and filming with director Julien Temple and all female punk quartet The Slits. In 1979 Do It released early recordings by Adam and the Ants.
While still in Paris he recorded early versions of "Moderne Man" and "Satisfy Your Lust", tracks which would ultimately appear on the first M album.  
The song was a UK Top 40 hit, and then "That's the Way the Money Goes" became another charting hit inside of a year. A 45-minute film incorporating videos and concert performances to date came as a result of a quick globe-trotting world tour in the wake of the hit.
Subsequently the label and M parted company. At this point some role reversing took place and Scott produced the M single "Danube" for the Stiff label, featuring Brigit Novik on vocals, followed by "The Wedding Dance" presenting Novik as an artist in her own right.
As a development of the ethnic references on The Official Secrets Act and the Stiff releases, Scott found a new musical direction, producing an EP of African acts in Kenya. This led to the album Jive Shikisha! (credited to Robin Scott & Shikisha), recorded in Kenya and the UK between 1983 and 1984,  with musicians from several different African states. The album featured a female vocal trio from South Africa, Shikisha (hence the album title), Wally Badarou and Julian Scott.
Most of this world music was originally suppressed, but was remastered and released in 2003. The resurgence of interest in Scott and the history of "Pop Muzik" follows U2's use of the Steve Osborne remix opening their PopMart tour. Remixes have come from all sides, from Marcus' "Pop Muzic 2001" in 2002, and by Junior Vasquez and the Dub Pistols in 2003.
In 2003 a collection of Scott's artwork was shown at the Ensign Gallery in London. and a compilation including both retrospective studio recording and period demos was released with title of Life Class featuring artwork from the exhibition.
Scott appeared in the Countdown Spectacular two-concert series in Australia between late August and early September 2007, where he performed "Pop Muzik" live for the first time. In 2009, an album featuring the original 1979 mix and thirteen remixes of "Pop Muzik" was issued by Union Square.
In 1793, Carow moved to New York to obtain an academic education. He partnered with Robert Kermit to form the shipping line known as Kermit & Carow which made him a large fortune. In New York, he became a warden of St. Mark's Episcopal Church, a governor of New York Hospital, a member of the New York Bible Society (serving as vice president), and a promoter of the New York Society Library. He was one of the fifteen members of the Committee of arrangements for the Erie Canal celebration.
He served as president of the Chamber of Commerce of the State of New York from 1840 to 1842, and was an original incorporator and director of the Bank of Commerce in New York.
In 1815 and 1827 he visited Europe, staying with the Marquis de Lafayette in France during the latter trip. In 1835, when the St. Nicholas Society was formed, Carow was one of 275 men invited to join.
His wife Eliza died in May 1837. Carow died on September 3, 1850 in New York City. After his death and the payment of all bequests and legacies, he left an estate valued at $146,681.
Through his daughter Julia, he was a grandfather of Mary Sanderson (d. 1899), who married her second cousin Thomas Sanderson Furniss (and was the father of educationalist and socialist politician Henry Sanderson Furniss, 1st Baron Sanderson); Frances Ann Sanderson, who married New York State Assemblyman Samuel William Johnson (a descendant of William Samuel Johnson); Helen Augusta Sanderson, who married Dr. Charles Elam; Laura Carow Sanderson, who married Camidge, and Thomas Sanderson.
2,4-Dinitroaniline is a chemical compound with a formula of C6H5N3O4. It is used as an explosive and as a reagent to detect and characterize aldehydes and ketones.
It can be also prepared by the electrophilic aromatic substitution of aniline. Direct nitration should not be used due to the reactivity of aniline. (i.e. It can be protonated to anilinium or oxidized easily.) Instead the acetyl protection should be used.
Compared to aniline, the basicity of 2,4-dinitroaniline is even weaker. It is due to the electron-withdrawing nature of the nitro groups. This makes the pKa of conjugate acid of 2,4-dinitroaniline being even lower than that of hydronium ions, meaning that it is a strong acid.
2,4-Dinitroaniline is usually used as an explosive, although the material possess a negative oxygen balance and can be improved by combining it with an oxidizer such as ammonium nitrate. When in pure form, 2,4-Dinitroaniline has a VoD of 4,800 m/s at 1.61 g/cm3 molecular density.
It is also used for the manufacture of certain azo dyes and disperse dyes, as well as in printing ink, toner, and the preparation of preservatives. The compound also finds applications as an intermediate in the synthesis of neutral dyes, sulfur dyes, and organic pigments.
2,4-Dinitroaniline is moderately toxic, with a lethal dose of 285 mg/kg. However, the main danger is that it is explosive and flammable with heat or friction encouraging these properties.
After the 2008 Summer Olympics, he officially announced that he was stepping down from the Lithuanian National Team, as a player.
Lament's beatification opened under Pope Paul VI on 5 April 1975 (she was titled as a Servant of God) and Pope John Paul II later confirmed her heroic virtue and named her as Venerable in 1991; the same pope beatified Lament while in Poland in 1991.
Lament died in 1946 and her remains were interred under the church of Saint Anthony at the Ratowo convent. Her order received diocesan approval on 24 June 1924 and then papal approval from Pope Paul VI on 7 July 1967; in 2005 there was 338 religious in 44 houses in places such as Zambia and Lithuania and the order still exists at present in Russia.
The beatification miracle was investigated in the place it originated in and the C.C.S. validated it on 8 May 1987 before a medical board approved it sometime later on 21 March 1991; theologians approved it on 19 April 1991 as did the C.C.S. on 10 May 1991. John Paul II confirmed the miracle as being due to her intercession on 14 May 1991 and beatified Lament while on his apostolic visit to Poland on 5 June 1991.
Cohen's family moved to El Paso, Texas, when he was four years old.  Cohen was a star at El Paso High School in baseball, basketball, and football. He was awarded a scholarship to the University of Alabama, where he played all three sports.  Cohen left college early and signed a minor league contract to play in the Texas League.
In 1927, he batted .353 for the Buffalo Bisons, with a .508 slugging percentage.  In 1931 he batted .317 for Newark of the International League.
Cohen's success in the Texas League drew the attention of John McGraw, manager of the New York Giants, who had been looking to sign a Jewish player to help draw crowds to compete with the New York Yankees and Babe Ruth playing across the Harlem River.  In May 1926, the Giants purchased Cohen's contract for $20,000 ($292,000 today) from the Waco team in the Texas League.
With the slot at second base filled by Rogers Hornsby with the parent team, Cohen spent the 1927 season in Buffalo, with his .353 batting average leading the team to a league title. He was warmly welcomed by Buffalo's Jewish community, which held an "Andy Cohen Day" in which he was bestowed with gifts, including a diamond ring from fans and a black onyx ring from a jewelry store, among other gifts.
Cohen played for the Newark Bears from 1929 until June 1932, when he was assigned to Minneapolis of the American Association. Despite the leg injury, Cohen led all International League second baseman in 1931 with a fielding percentage of .985, with 11 errors in 323 putouts and 412 assists, in addition to 66 double plays. With Minneapolis in 1933, Cohen led all American Association second basemen with a fielding percentage of .981 in 121 games.
Cohen was inducted into the United States Army on May 26, 1942, reporting to Fort Niagara. He was a first sergeant with the 21st Engineers, and saw action in Italy and Africa.
He returned to his hometown, where he coached the baseball team at the University of Texas at El Paso for 17 years.
Cohen died 4 days after his 84th birthday and 6 months after his brother Syd in El Paso, Texas on October 29, 1988.
In 1989, the El Paso Diablos moved into Cohen Stadium, a 9,725-seat stadium that was named in honor of Andy and his brother Syd.
Tajique is a census-designated place (CDP) in Torrance County, New Mexico, United States. The population was 148 at the 2000 census. It is part of the Albuquerque Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Tajique was originally a Tiwa pueblo. The name Tajique may have been derived from the Tiwa name Tush-yit-yay. The original date of settlement is unknown.  In the early 17th century, Tajique served as the seat of the San Miguel Mission.  After an Apache raid in 1674, the inhabitants of the Quarai pueblo joined the Tajique pueblo, doubling the population to over 600 residents.  In 1675, a subsequent Apache raid forced the abandonment of the Tajique pueblo.
As of the census of 2000, there were 148 people, 48 households, and 39 families residing in the CDP. The population density was 54.7 people per square mile (21.1/km2). There were 63 housing units at an average density of 23.3 per square mile (9.0/km2). The racial makeup of the CDP was 58.78% White, 2.03% Native American, 37.84% from other races, and 1.35% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 79.05% of the population.
There were 48 households, out of which 41.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.3% were married couples living together, 20.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 16.7% were non-families. 12.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.08 and the average family size was 3.28.
In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 35.8% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 28.4% from 25 to 44, 17.6% from 45 to 64, and 10.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.0 males.
The median income for a household in the CDP was $27,969, and the median income for a family was $27,969. Males had a median income of $33,000 versus $32,500 for females. The per capita income for the CDP was $7,645. There were 34.0% of families and 30.1% of the population living below the poverty line, including 34.3% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.
Highway 261 was known as 6th Street in Winsted, and Babcock Avenue, 180th Street, and Dairy Avenue elsewhere in the county.
Highway 261 was authorized on July 1, 1949. It was paved between Winsted and Lester Prairie in 1950 and between Lester Prairie and Highway 212 in 1953.
The following is a list of awards and nominations received by English film director and producer Sir Alfred Hitchcock, chronicling his achievements in the film industry.
To update for the new generation of films released from 1996 to 2006, an updated version of the list billed as an AFI's 100 Years... 100 Movies was released in June 2007. (AFI will conduct different versions of this poll every ten years.) While Steven Spielberg has the most films of any director on the list at five films, Stanley Kubrick, Billy Wilder and Hitchcock tie for 2nd place with four of their films making the list.
In 2008, AFI's 10 Top 10 honored the ten greatest American films in ten classic film genres, featuring animation, fantasy, gangster, science fiction, western, sports, mystery, romantic comedy, courtroom drama and epic. Hitchcock's Vertigo was named as the best mystery film of all time, having entered the AFI's Top 10 list also with three other pictures in addition. (AFI defines "mystery" as a genre that revolves around the solution of a crime).
In 1999, the BFI Top 100 British films list of the greatest movies of Cinema of the United Kingdom of the 20th century was produced by the charitable organisation British Film Institute (BFI), and voters were asked to choose up to 'culturally British' 100 films. Two of Hitchcock's movies entered the selection.
From 1936, the Directors Guild of America Awards are issued annually by the labor union Directors Guild of America (DGA). The group, formerly identified as Screen Directors Guild, represents the interests of film and television directors in the United States motion picture industry. Lifetime Achievement Award was originally called the D.W. Griffith Lifetime Achievement Award, and it is given since 1953. Hitchcock received the honor in 1968.
The Film Society of Lincoln Center (FSLC) is a film presentation organization founded in 1969 that, as one of the twelve resident organizations at the Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts, runs annual The Chaplin Award (initially called Gala Tribute) to honor legendary stars and industry leaders at the Lincoln Center's Avery Fisher Hall. After Charlie Chaplin and Fred Astaire, Hitchcock became the third awardee (in 1974).
The Golden Globe Award is an accolade presented by the members of the Hollywood Foreign Press Association (HFPA) to recognize excellence in film and television, both domestic and foreign. The formal ceremonies are presented annually as a major part of the film industry's awards season, culminating each year with the Oscars. Hitchcock won twice.
The Cecil B. DeMille Award is an annual lifetime achievement award that was named in honor of one of the industry's most successful filmmakers. The honor is given by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association during the Golden Globe Award ceremonies in Hollywood.
The Jussi Award is a Finnish equivalent to American Oscars, to recognize excellence of professionals in the film industry in Finland (including film directors, actors and/or writers). The event was formed by Filmiaura society that count up to 260 film professionals who vote for all the categories, except Public Favorite. Hitchcock
The Golden Laurel aka Laurel Awards was an American-Canadian film award organized by Motion Picture Exhibitor magazine that honored pictures, actors, directors and composers. Out of thirteen released annual editions, Hitchcock was nominated each year, winning eight times eventually, while four times he was ranked as the second as Best Producer/Director.
The National Board of Review of Motion Pictures (NBR MP) was founded in 1909 as a censorship organization originally recognized as New York Board of Motion Picture Censorship in New York City. The society also works to foster commentary on all aspects of film production, as well as underwriting educational film programs and seminars for film students. Hitchcock won the NBR award in 1970.
The National Film Registry (NFR) was established by the National Film Preservation Board in 1988 to preserve "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant films"of the Cinema of the United States. Each year 25 are selected, of which each must be at least ten years old to be eligible for inclusion. For the first selection in 1989, the public nominated almost 1,000 films for consideration (including Vertigo). By now, eight of Hitchcock's films were inducted by the board members.
The New York Film Critics Circle (NYFCC) annually honors excellence in cinema worldwide by an organization of film reviewers from New York City publications since 1935. The ceremony is held on December of each year, in part as a response to the Academy Awards. Hitchcock won once in 1939.
The Academy of Science Fiction, Fantasy & Horror Films (ASFFF) presents each year the Saturn Awards, which honor the top works in science fiction, fantasy, and horror in film, television and home video since 1972. Hitchcock was awarded posthumously in 1994.
Founded in 1932 as the Esposizione Internazionale d'Arte Cinematografica, the Venice Film Festival is the oldest such event in the world. As part of the major biennial exhibition and festival for contemporary art called Venice Biennale, the fest takes place on the island of the Lido in Venice, Italy. The highest given prize is the Golden Lion, which is regarded as one of the film industry's most distinguished award. Hitchcock was nominated in 1955.
Orris were mostly used as night shelters by shepherds and cowherds after sheep and cows were moved to higher ground for grazing in the summer and early autumn. They vary in their arrangements: some appear to stand alone; others are clustered in small groups.
At times, especially among the clustered orris, they were used for other purposes, such as food storage.
The name of the shepherd's hut was barraca in Catalan. 18th-century archival records in French contain mentions of orri and barraque (the Frenchified form of barraca) as in "l'orri avec les barraques qui y sont construites pour la demeure des gardiens" ("the orri together with the barraques which are built in it to serve as abodes for the guardians").
Until 2016's "Ultimate Collection", a 3-CD set, this collection remained the closest to a traditional "box set" (usually three or four compact discs) of Summer's work because it contains then-unreleased material (selections from "I'm a Rainbow"), an unreleased (as a single) LP track ("Friends Unknown"), and the "MacArthur Park" promotional single.
British films The Fallen Idol and Hamlet received the awards for Best British Film and Best Film from any Source, respectively, and were additionally nominated in both categories; Louisiana Story received the award for Best Documentary; Atomic Physics received the Special Award for Film; and the United Nations Award was handed out to Atomic Physics, Hungry Minds and screenplay The Winslow Boy.
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface; the nominees are listed below alphabetically and not in boldface.
Since WCIA's over-the-air signal cannot be seen in western parts of the market (including Springfield and Jacksonville), it is simulcast in high definition on WCIX's second digital subchannel (VHF channel 11.2 or virtual channel 49.2) from a transmitter in Clear Lake Township. Nielsen Media Research treats WCIA and WCIX-DT2 as one station in local ratings books, using the identifier name WCIA+.
As the only commercial VHF station in Central Illinois, WCIA has been one of the country's most dominant television stations for most of its history. On two occasions, it fought off attempts by WICS/WICD and WAND to force it onto the UHF band by claiming that moving to UHF would cause it to lose 150,000 viewers.
In November 2006, work began to re-secure WCIA's existing tower in Seymour so it would be able to hold a new digital transmission line and antenna.
WCIA was the longtime home to Illinois Fighting Illini football and men's basketball games that were not aired on national television. Originally produced by WCIA, the station later carried the Illini via the Big Ten Conference's syndicated package with ESPN Plus. Beginning in 2007, these games have since moved to the Big Ten Network. The station still airs Illini men's basketball games that are carried as part of CBS's overall NCAA and Big Ten contracts.
In 2009, WCIA's longtime weathercaster Judy Fraser retired from the station after 34 years. She was only the second head weathercaster in the station's history at the time. Meteorologist Robert Reese took over as Chief Meteorologist. His death in connection with complications from cancer in October 2012 came as a shock to the community. In his early battle, WCIA sold red ribbons in support of Reese and the American Cancer Society.
WCIA currently broadcasts its news from its studios in Champaign. It currently broadcasts 40 hours of news a week, and one hour on Saturday and Sunday. For most of its history, it has been central Illinois' dominant news station, owing to its status as the market's only VHF station.
On September 12, 2011, WCIA debuted an hour-long lifestyle and news program titled ciLiving.tv, the Springfield market's first hour-long 4 p.m. news program; the show utilizes interactivity with viewers, through the use of social media platforms such as Facebook and Twitter, along with online polls and audience quizzes via text message and the station's website. The show also utilizes the station's new set, which is also used for the station's morning show, as well as other programs.
In April 2015, WCIA expanded its 6 p.m. newscast from 30 minutes to one hour to provide better coverage of local news.
In late 2015, WCIA expanded its news coverage from the State Capitol. The station now produces and airs Capitol Connection on Sunday mornings after CBS' Face the Nation. The show is also carried on other Nexstar stations in Illinois.
In October 2016, WCIA expanded its morning show from four hours to five hours, making the station have the only local news at 9 a.m. in the market.
In an article published on March 13, 2005, The New York Times documented WCIA's use of government video news releases without clear attribution as such. The Times reported, "WCIA, based in Champaign, had run 26 segments made by the U.S. Agriculture Department over the past three months alone." WCIA acknowledged running the releases in the early hours of its morning news as part of its traditional service of agribusiness news to its rural viewers.
Originally, WCFN/WCIX aired its digital signal in a reduced 4:3 480i standard definition format on both its main channel and the digital subcarrier of WCIA. In June 2015, WCIX upgraded to a full 1080i 16:9 high definition signal, the same as WCIA. In September 2016, WCIA begin broadcasting Bounce TV on 3.3 and Grit TV on 3.4.
The soil is mostly yellow-red feralite[clarification needed] soil on sandstone (comprising app. 61.11% of the total) which is easily eroded and not conducive to growing vegetables and crops. Red yellow feralite soil on igneous rock (app. 20%) is often covered by forest. Fertile soil makes up the remaining 15-17% and exists in valleys along the springs where the residential areas and fields are concentrated.
The Volkswagen EA211 engine (EA = development order), also called modular gasoline engine kit, is a family of petrol engines which debuted in 2011. They all include a four-stroke engine and dual overhead camshaft drive into exhaust manifolds.
"I Can't Stop This Feeling I've Got" is a song by the English indie rock band Razorlight, and is the sixth track on their 2006 second album, Razorlight. The song was released 19 March 2007 as the fourth single from that album in the United Kingdom, peaking at #44 in the UK Singles Chart.
The song was the first single from the album to fail to enter the top 40 of the UK Singles Chart. Following its #44 debut, it fell to #59 in its second week and dropped out of the top 75 altogether in its third week.
Scandal at the Embassy (German: Skandal in der Botschaft) is a 1950 West German comedy film directed by Erik Ode and starring Viktor de Kowa, Jeanette Schultze and Michiko Tanaka.
It was shot at the Bavaria Studios in Munich. The film's sets were designed by the art director Willi Herrmann and Heinrich Weidemann.
This article related to a German film of the 1950s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The comedic story depicts a playwright attempting to write a play by a strict deadline and getting distracted by his family and a noisy next-door jazz band.
The film opens with Shibano, a playwright for a Tokyo theater, squabbling with a painter over his work depicting a local house, newly up for rent. The two stumble into the street only to be interrupted when Shibano accidentally falls into the women's section of a nearby bathhouse. The woman who appears to scold them ends up dissolving the situation, and Shibano finally states his desire to move into the house pictured previously.
This article related to a Japanese film of the 1930s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Wash and chop (or crush) the cherry plums in the form of cubes. Chop garlic, basil and coriander in very small pieces and add into the cherry plums. Then add the salt and mix together.
The 2008 Colorado Democratic presidential caucuses took place on Super Tuesday, February 5, 2008. As he did in every other state that held a caucus rather than a primary, Barack Obama won the caucus by a wide, two-to-one margin over Hillary Clinton.
As a cost-saving measure, Colorado stopped holding primary elections in 2000 in favor of a caucus system. Caucuses are run and paid for by the political parties. Both Republican and Democratic Caucus started at 7 p.m.
Following the local caucuses, county conventions, congressional district conventions, and the state convention, on May 17, 2008, were held to finally apportion delegates to the Democratic National Convention.
A Denver Post poll from late January indicated that Barack Obama was leading Hillary Clinton, though polls from earlier in the year had showed Clinton with a double-digit lead.
Oost- en Middelzwake (also called Zwake) is a former municipality in the Dutch province of Zeeland. It covered a number of polders in the area of the former inlet De Zwake between the former islands of Borssele, Baarland and Zuid-Beveland.
The defense appropriations dealt with separately soon after passage. The bill follows a similar bill from the previous year.
This article about a university or college in Odisha, India is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Nigali Sagar (also called Nigliva, Nigali Sagar pillar, Nighihawa pillar, Nigliva pillar, or Araurakot pillar) is an archaeological site in Nepal containing the remains of a pillar of Ashoka. The site is located in Nigalihawa, about 20 kilometers northwest of Lumbini and 7 kilometers northeast of Taulihawa. Another famous inscription discovered nearby in a similar context is the Lumbini pillar inscription.
The pillar was not erected in-situ, as no foundation has been discovered under it. It is thought that it was moved about 8 to 13 miles, from an uncertain location.
It is said that in this place the Kanakamuni Buddha, one of the Buddhas of the past, was born. The Asoka inscription engraved on the pillar in Brahmi script and Pali language attests the fact that Emperor Asoka enlarged the Kanakamuni Buddha's stupa, worshiped it and erected a stone pillar for Kanakamuni Buddha on the occasion of the twentieth year of his coronation.
Added to the doubts on the authenticity of the inscription, the very mention of a "divinized Buddha having been several time reborn" and preceded by other Buddhas such as the Kanakamuni Buddha, inscribed on a pillar in a historical period as early as the 3rd century BCE, is considered by some authors as quite doubtfull and problematic. Such complex religious constructions are generally considered as belonging to later stages of the development of Buddhism.
 Because of this dedication by Ashoka, the Nigali Sagar pillar has the earliest known record ever of the word "Stupa" (here the Pali word Thube).
There is also a second inscription, "Om mani padme hum" and "Sri Ripu Malla Chiram Jayatu 1234" made by King Ripu Malla in the year 1234 (Saka Era, corresponding to 1312 CE).
The Chinese pilgrims Fa-Hien and Hiuen-Tsang describe the Kanakamuni Stupa and the Asoka Pillar in their travel accounts. Hiuen Tsang speaks of a lion capital atop the pillar, now lost. 
Derived inscriptions in Aramaic, on rock: Kandahar, Edict No.7 and Pul-i-Darunteh, Edict No.5 or No.7
In order to raise money for the operation he needs, Bart organizes a benefit concert. Meanwhile, Lisa is informed that her animals will be taken to a pound and put down if she cannot find a suitable home for them. The concert is a success, and Bart feels empathy for Lisa and decides to use the money to build a home for the animals instead. The other musicians begin to discuss the idea of holding another benefit to repair Bart's arm.
 Dan Iverson of IGN quotes that like the previous episode, it was decent, and praised the strength of the eighteenth season so far. He called the White Stripes' cameo funny, and called the episode entirely random, starting off with the death of Homer's Vegas wife Amber. He gives the episode a final rating of 7/10, similar to the previous episode.
In 2007, Simon Crerar of The Times listed The White Stripes' performance as one of the thirty-three funniest cameos in the history of the show.
Andrew Martin of Prefix Mag named The White Stripes his seventh favorite musical guests on The Simpsons out of a list of ten. Corey Deiterman of the Houston Press listed them as number four of the top five worst musical guests in Simpsons history.
Kalyani Singh Oberoi, the matriarch of the family has two sons, Tej and Shakti. Tej is married to Jhanvi and they have three children, Omkara, Rudra and Priyanka. Shakti is married to Pinky and has a son, Shivaay, who is the eldest grandson.
Shivaay crosses paths with the self righteous and "khidki-tod" Annika, who confronts him for trying to suppress the poor with the misuse money and lineage. To which, Shivaay slaps her with a bunch of cash. Presuming that he won the conversation, he moves to his car, only to face Annika breaking the glass of his windshield, and slapping him with the same bunch of cash.
Shocked and surprised by the video showing all these incidents, Dadi, Omkara, and Rudra find Annika in the same party they had organized for their grandfather's birthday. But Shivaay ignores her there because he doesn't have any knowledge about her bloodline or lineage.
Shivaay firmly believes that he doesn't have time for love and hence plans to marry Tia Kapoor as a business deal. Dadi hires Anika as a wedding planner for Shivaay and Tia's upcoming wedding. At first, his relationship with Annika becomes more hostile due to misunderstandings.
After the misunderstandings are cleared, Shivaay starts to understand Annika and they both start to develop feelings for each other. Unaware of the emotions, Shivaay still plans to marry Tia.
Daksh, Shivaay's childhood friend turns up at his door and falls for Annika at first sight, which soon turns into an obsession. Angered after being rejected twice, Daksh lies to Shivaay that Annika agreed to sleep with him for one night in exchange for money, leading Shivaay to hate her.
On Shivaay and Tia's wedding day it is revealed that she is already married to Robin. Due to turn of events Tia runs away from her wedding which leads to Shivaay forcibly marrying Annika.
Meanwhile, Omkara crosses paths with Ishana, who introduces herself as Bela to him. Ishana wanted to marry Omkara to gain all the wealth he has, and invents lies to gain his sympathy. Ishana tries to trick both of them but fails as the three Oberoi brothers try to expose her. Some time later, Ridhima lies and betrays Omkara and collaborates with his father to make Omkara the sole heir of the Oberoi empire. Disheartened, he breaks up with her.
After a rocky start, Annika and Shivaay clear the misunderstandings between them and eventually fall in love. Together, they expose Tia's marriage and her mother, Mrs. Kapoor's, evil intentions. Later, Shivaay accepts Annika as his wife in front of everyone.
Together, they expose the fake Shivaay, Mahi. Simultaneously they expose Ranveer and his foster mother, Kamini who is Shivaay's father's former girlfriend. It's revealed that Mahi is Kamini's illegitimate son with Shakti as she wants to use her son for Oberoi wealth. Afterwards, it's revealed that Priyanka isn't pregnant.
Rudra at a party falls in love with Bhavya, an undercover ACP on a mission. She later uses him for her mission, Rudra and Bhavya fake a marriage just so she can hide out in the Oberoi mansion.
Annika returns and claims the Oberoi Mansion as her own after getting it signed from Omkara. She promises Omkar that she will help Shivaay recover. She tries to make Shivaay jealous but her plan backfires as he claims to fix his engagement with Ragini, though not meaning it. Ragini fabricates many lies to gain sympathy from Shivaay in Pinky's advice.
She tries to blackmail Annika again but, Shivaay plans to spread the truth. It is revealed that Pinky had lied about the illegitimate son situation, and was also the master of all conspiracies, including the fake Shivaay. Shattered, Shivaay refuses to accept Pinky as his mother.
Meanwhile, as Bhavya and Rudra fall in love with each other she reveals that she is four years older than Rudra which makes him rethink about everything between him and her. Later, he decides to let go of the age difference and follows Bhavya on her mission. But misunderstandings follow there and Bhavya decides to marry her best friend, Manav. Dejected and disheartened, Rudra insults Bhavya in front of everyone, for which Bhavya slaps him and, later refuses to marry.
Anika and Shivaay's wedding happens happily and peacefully. But after the marriage bad omens follow and Shivaay goes missing, but then returns, claiming to have no memory of Annika and introduces his wife Tanya. It is revealed that the Oberois have another brother, Abhay Singh Oberoi. Annika slowly figures out that Shivaay is just pretending to have no memory of Annika. It is also revealed that Abhay is behind the charade.
Meanwhile, Omkara's doubts about Gauri are confirmed when he sees Gauri and another man's name written in a hotel register.  Also, after being framed for taking bribes, ACP Bhavya Pratap Rathore is suspended.
Omkara confronts Gauri and berates her for betraying him. In tears, Gauri clears all misunderstandings after giving him evidence of her innocence. She explains about the surprise, and confesses her true love for him in English. But heartbroken, Gauri promises to never interfere in his life ever again, and leaves for Bareilly.
Guilt stricken Omkara realizes his love for Gauri and decides to win her back. Meanwhile, Rudra still heartbroken, joins the fashion sector of the Oberoi company and appoints a suspended Bhavya as his bodyguard. He tricks her into signing a contract according to which she can't leave the job before working for three months. He humiliates and berates her, thinking she is married to Manav.
Omkara turns up at Gauri's doorstep on Karwachauth dressed up as a sardar who Gauri fails to recognize. He introduces himself as Dilpreet Singh and starts living in their house on rent. He tries to win her heart as Dilpreet Singh.
Rudra feels lonely as both his brothers have their own romances to indulge into, so he plans a Goa trip with the two of them. Meanwhile, Pinky's cousin Dinky arrives who keeps pestering Annika and Gauri to not have blind faith in their husbands.
On the way, the Oberoi brothers have a chance encounter with Piya, a dance choreographer who drugs them, dances with them and makes a video of it. The next morning, the brothers wake up oblivious of what happened the previous night. They rush back home, only to find that Piya is also at the Oberoi mansion as Dinky's family friend's daughter. It is revealed that Dinky planned this charade.
Piya initially threatens to show this video in public but gradually understands that they are truthful and trustworthy. She steps back but Dinky displays this video in Dadi's birthday party only to realize later that the brothers have earned the trust from their wives truthfully.
The next morning, Annika requests Shivaay for tamarind according to a diet plan she was planning to follow. Dinky overhears the tamarind and suspects pregnancy. After not having anything for hours, Annika faints near the dining table during lunch. This confirms Dinky and she announces Annika's pregnancy. Only to realize later that Annika and Shivaay haven't consummated their relationship yet. After which they plan to consummate and succeed.
Abhay returns with the claims of being another Oberoi brother. He also gets Svetlana inside the Oberoi mansion claiming to be her husband. Meanwhile, Rudra still assumes Bhavya is married to Manav, berates her for one last time and fires her from the job only to realize that she was never married to Manav. Later Svetlana blackmails Shivaay into transferring Rudra and Omkara's property to her.
This leads to misunderstandings between Tej and Shivaay, resulting in Shivaay and Annika leaving the Oberoi mansion and going for their "Vanvas". They leave for Goa, while the Oberoi family and mansion gets split in two.
In Goa, they meet Veer Pratap Chauhan, their new neighbor, who turns out to be planted by Svetlana to take revenge from Annika. He tries to prove Annika mad so that Shivaay would leave her and he would save Annika.
Failed, he then tries to kill Shivaay. Meanwhile, Shivaay and Soumya bring Bhavya and Rudra face-to-face in his house in Goa one last time before Bhavya leaves for abroad, where Rudra confesses his true feelings to her and proposes marriage to her.
While Rudra plans to marry in Goa with Shivaay, Tej performs Gauri's last rites as she fails to obey his orders. Disheartened, Gauri and Omkara also arrive at Shivaay's house in Goa. Happily, the three Oberoi brothers and their wives with grandmother's blessings perform Rudra and Bhavya's pre-wedding rituals. Soumya reveals to Veer that she is the younger sister of Svetlana and Tia and now she wants to marry Rudra. She joins forces with Veer.
Veer tricks Tej into signing the house deeds to be auctioned, from which Shivaay saves them. At same time he exposes Svetlana and again lives in the Oberoi mansion as everybody blames Tej of the troubles and he leaves.
On Valentine's Day, Annika figures out that Veer is not what he seems to be and tries to warn Shivaay but, that night Shivaay shoots Annika dead. Panicked and guilt stricken, he unknowingly takes help from Veer.
The next day Shivaay keeps a press conference where somebody plays the leaked video of Shivaay shooting Annika. As Shivaay is about to be arrested a police inspector brings a woman into the house with looks exactly like Annika.
Shivaay refuses to believe their claims as he knows that he had killed her and tests her in many ways which surprisingly she passes.
Later that day Veer and Shivaay return to the place where they had buried Annika and find the real Annika in the coffin. Knowing the truth, Veer leaves, ShiOmRu digs Annika out and in a series of flashbacks, it is revealed that Annika's murder and fake Anika was a part of the plan devised by Shivika. 
The story takes a different leap, where an author and public speaker, returns all of them to where the story started and changes their lives by changing the circumstances.
Now, Shivaay is a stoic, no-nonsense businessman who is hurt by his parents' death. Pinky's suicide and Shakti's discovery of his affair haunt him. Omkara is also shown as a businessman. Rudra is shown as a supermodel who uses his fame and money as an excuse for everything he does. Priyanka is shown as Shivaay's younger sister this time.
Annika and Gauri live with their aunt who hates them because their mother left their father for another man. Gauri knows nothing of the incident and Annika struggles to make ends meet. She is constantly stressed about paying for Gauri's college tuition, Sahil's medications and house rent, with no help from her aunt.
In Shivaay's absence, Om and Rudra take over his business and have grown to hate him for killing Tej. The brothers' evil aunt, Roop, reappears to kill Shivaay. Rudra discovers the real reason Shivaay killed Tej and the brothers are reunited. Later, Shivaay remarries Annika. Priyanka marries Shivaay's business rival Jai Kothari.
When Sahil is arrested for drunk driving, Shivaay refuses to bail him out before letting him spend a night in jail, as a result, Sahil vows to retaliate against Shivaay. Jai tries to kill Annika to get revenge on Shivaay, but Shivaay saves Annika from kidnappers and rescues her.
Annika and Shivaay's son, Shivaansh is a superstar and lives with his great-grandmothers, Kalyani and Aruna. He has a sister, Shivani. Rudra and Bhavya have a son, Dhruv, and Om and Gauri have a daughter, Radhika. She is married to Varun and harbours a secret enmity against the Oberois. Shivaansh has only one dream - to build a hospital in his parents' memory to provide free treatment for poor children. He is shown to be fighting a terminal disease and has a short time left to live.
Aditi Deshmukh, the ACP, is introduced as a self-made, strong Marathi girl who supports her uncle, aunt, and a younger sister. While her sister, Mahu, is a big fan of Shivaansh, Aditi has a strong prejudice against his fame. Aditi's father is revealed to have gone missing when she was a child, making her determined to find him. She is later revealed to be aiding Varun in planning against the Oberois.
On 18 June 2018, a reboot version, Ishqbaaaz: Redux, was launched with a new love story of the leads from the beginning.
Owing to its declining viewership ratings, it took a leap in December 2018 which starred Nakuul Mehta and Manjiri Pupala. As it failed to increase the ratings, Pupala's character was turned negative, resulting in her resignation. Eventually, Niti Taylor was hired to play Mannat Kaur Khurana. The expected ratings were not delivered and it went off air on 15 March 2019.
Dil Boley Oberoi, premiered on 13 February 2017. It is the first Indian soap to have a spin-off. On 7 July 2017, Dil Boley Oberoi ended and the storyline was merged into Ishqbaaaz.
The Ishqbaaaz soundtrack was written by Shaheen Iqbal and composed by Sanjeev Srivastava. Sanjeev Srivastava had composed the original songs and background score for the show. The original version of the album was released on 7 August 2016. "O Jaana", the theme song of the serial was performed by Pamela Jain and Bhaven Dhanak.
"O Saathiya", the theme song of Dil Boley Oberoi, the album released on 1 May 2017. Firstly, the song was made for Omkara and Ishana, but after Ishana left, the song was not used at Ishqbaaaz. When Dil Boley Oberoi aired on, the female version by Pamela Jain was released, but now it also used on this show for Omkara and Gauri, after merging with Ishqbaaaz.
Burton Gilliam (born August 9, 1938) is an American actor. He is best known for memorable roles in several popular 1970's movies, such as Blazing Saddles and Paper Moon.
Before acting, Gilliam was a member of the Coast Guard's boxing team where he won 201 out of 217 fights. He remained in the boxing world for decades, working as a referee in California.
Gilliam has had roles in movies such as Honeymoon in Vegas, Thunderbolt and Lightfoot, Farewell, My Lovely, Fletch, Gator, Telefon, and The Terror Within II. His television appearances include Alice, Charlie's Angels, The A-Team, The Dukes of Hazzard, The Fall Guy, and he appeared as a regular on Evening Shade.
Gilliam was born in Dallas, Texas. He lives with his wife Susan in Allen, Texas, just north of Dallas. He has two children and four grandchildren. His granddaughter Hollie Vise is a world champion gymnast.
Gilliam graduated from Woodrow Wilson High School in 1956 and was inducted into the school's hall of fame in 2004. In 2018, he was the grand marshal of the Dallas St. Patrick's Day parade.
"We're proud to be members of the University of North Carolina university system. But, frankly, we are tired of being confused with other institutions or having our own identity misused and misconstrued. It's harder to make a name for yourself, when your name keeps getting confused. Not only will this logo simplify matters, but it gives the program an exciting new look that better captures our essence."
Prior to the "49ers" moniker, the athletic teams were known as the "Owls" due to CCUNC's beginnings as a night school.
Previously, UNC Charlotte was a charter member of the Sun Belt Conference and the Metro Conference, before joining Conference USA in 1995.
After this dramatic reshuffle, UNC Charlotte received an invitation to join the Atlantic 10 Conference, which it accepted. Upon joining the A-10, Charlotte experienced much success in nearly every category with the exception of the signature sport of men's basketball.
On October 21, 2021 Charlotte was accepted along with 5 other Conference USA teams to join the American Athletic Conference, joining former Metro Conference and C-USA rivals there.
A member of Conference USA,  UNC Charlotte currently sponsors teams in nine men's and nine women's NCAA sanctioned sports:
The 49ers softball team began play in 1986. The team has not made an NCAA Tournament appearance. The current head coach is Ashley Chastain.
Charlotte's 29-year men's basketball rivalry with the Davidson Wildcats sees Mecklenburg County's only two Division I schools go head-to-head for the Hornet's Nest Trophy. Charlotte leads the series 26-11. Due to a scheduling conflict, the series was on hiatus until the 2010-11 season.
Recently Charlotte has started to develop a rivalry with the Appalachian State Mountaineers. Charlotte's establishment of a football team, and the competitiveness of the subsequent contests in that sport, have led to a renewed interest and developing rivalry. This is only viewed as a rivalry among Charlotte fans, as App State has long established and more competitive rivalries with other programs.Appalachian State is undefeated against  Charlotte in football with games scheduled through 2030.
This geographical article about a location in Samsun Province, Turkey is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Ward 3 is an aldermanic ward in St. Louis, Missouri, United States of America.  It is one of 28 wards that make up the Board of Aldermen of the City of St. Louis
Ward 3 contains parts of many neighborhoods, including JeffVanderLou, St. Louis Place, Hyde Park, College Hill, Fairground Neighborhood, and O'Fallon.
West Prairie is an unincorporated community in the town of Trempealeau, Trempealeau County, Wisconsin, United States.
This article about a location in Trempealeau County, Wisconsin is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
500 years ago, the Kingdom of Granville fought a terrible war with Darces the Dark Overlord. A great hero, the warrior "Magi", rose to challenge Darces. He owned six magical swords and a powerful suit of armor that was impervious to all but the most powerful of magic. Five of his six swords were Elemental blades, each created from the rarest metals on earth. The sixth blade, "Tores", used an even more powerful metal.
Using his powers, Magi defeated Darces, and exiled him to a far away land. After defeating Darces, Magi grew old and died.
Now, on a dark, stormy night in the Kingdom of Granville, Darces the Dark Overlord returns to the land.
Players explore towns looking for work and through dungeons looking for monsters to defeat. Players can also be apprenticed in elemental magic like wind, fire, water, and earth. The mighty castle of the realm can be found in north of Granville, the capital town. The task of the game is explained by the elder at the start of the game.
Food and water can be purchased and is used every time the player stops to rest at either a camp site or at an inn. Levels can only be gained by visiting the "wise men" at the villages at the right number of experience points and receiving a baptism from them.
One of the interesting aspects of the game was a magic system where a caster could combine runes from various elements to form new magic spells based on the elements: earth, water, wind, fire, and fairy magic.
Colonel Hynes served as one of the delegates that formed the first Constitution of Kentucky, in 1792.
This biographical article related to Brazilian auto racing is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about an Eastern Catholic bishop from the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
James Trembath (born 1871, date of death unknown) was a South African sports shooter. He competed in the 600 m free rifle event at the 1924 Summer Olympics.
This biographical article relating to sport shooting in South Africa is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
After basketball he worked for Goodyear Tire Company, ultimately became its 10th president, and also became an auto racing enthusiast & co-owner. He also is notable for having suggested the name of the famous auto-racing empire Dan Gurney's All American Racers, in which he was a partner/co-owner.
The men's freestyle 69 kilograms is a competition featured at the 1997 World Wrestling Championships, and was held at the Yenisey Sports Palace in Krasnoyarsk, Russia from 29 to 31 August 1997.
David W. Panuelo (born April 13, 1964) is a Micronesian politician who is serving as the President of the Federated States of Micronesia. His term started on May 11, 2019.
Panuelo was born on the island of Pohnpei, where he completed much of his early education. He went to college in the United States, earning a BA in Political Science from Eastern Oregon University in 1987.
In 1988 he was appointed as the deputy ambassador for the Micronesian embassy in Fiji where he served until 1993. In 1993 he was appointed to serve at the Micronesian Mission to the United Nations, a position he held until 1996. In 1997, Panuelo was named the director of the Department of Resource Management and Development for the State of Pohnpei, a position he held until 2001.
This article about a Federated States of Micronesia politician is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Rometta borders the following municipalities: Messina, Monforte San Giorgio, Roccavaldina, Saponara, Venetico, Spadafora.
This biographical article relating to Norwegian rowing is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Masturbation is frequent in both sexes and at any age. Various medical and psychological benefits have been attributed to a healthy attitude toward sexual activity in general and to masturbation in particular. No causal relationship is known between masturbation and any form of mental or physical disorder. In the Western world, masturbation in private or with a partner is generally considered a normal and healthy part of sexual enjoyment.
While masturbation is the formal word for this practice, many other expressions are in common use. Terms such as playing with yourself, pleasuring oneself and slang such as wanking, jerking off, and frigging are common. Self-abuse and self-pollution were common in early modern times and are still found in modern dictionaries. A large variety of other euphemisms and dysphemisms exist which describe masturbation. For a list of terms, see the entry for masturbate in Wiktionary.
Reading or viewing pornography, sexual fantasies, or other erotic stimuli may lead to a desire for sexual release such as by masturbation. Pornography is also used in order to assist with masturbation and to improve the experience of masturbating.
Some people get sexual pleasure by inserting objects, such as urethral sounds, into the urethra (the tube through which urine and, in men, semen, flows), a practice known as urethral play or "sounding". Other objects such as ball point pens and thermometers are sometimes used, although this practice can lead to injury or infection. Some people masturbate by using machines that simulate intercourse.
Men and women may masturbate until they are close to orgasm, stop for a while to reduce excitement, and then resume masturbating. They may repeat this cycle multiple times. This "stop and go" build-up, known as "edging", can achieve even stronger orgasms. Rarely, people quit stimulation just before orgasm to retain the heightened energy that normally comes down after orgasm.
Common positions include lying on one's back or face down, sitting, squatting, kneeling, or standing.
The most common masturbation technique among males is to hold the penis with a loose fist and then to move the hand up and down the shaft. This type of stimulation is typically all that is required to achieve orgasm and ejaculation. The speed of the hand motion may vary throughout the masturbation session.
For circumcised males, on whom the glans is mostly or completely uncovered, this technique creates more direct contact between the hand and the glans. To avoid friction, irritation and soreness from this resulting friction, some may prefer to use a personal lubricant, masturbation cream, or saliva.
The shaft skin can also be slid back and forth with just the index finger and thumb wrapped around the penis. A variation on this is to place the fingers and thumb on the penis as if playing a flute, and then shuttle them back and forth. Lying face down on a comfortable surface such as a mattress or pillow, the penis can be rubbed against it. This technique may include the use of a simulacrum, or artificial vagina.
A somewhat controversial ejaculation control technique is to put pressure on the perineum, about halfway between the scrotum and the anus, just before ejaculating.[citation needed] This can, however, redirect semen into the bladder (referred to as retrograde ejaculation).
Women can stimulate themselves sexually by crossing their legs tightly and clenching the muscles in their legs, creating pressure on the genitals. This can potentially be done in public without observers noticing. Thoughts, fantasies, and memories of previous instances of arousal and orgasm can produce sexual excitation. Some women can orgasm spontaneously by force of will alone, although this may not strictly qualify as masturbation as no physical stimulus is involved.
Sex therapists will sometimes recommend that female patients take time to masturbate to orgasm, for example, to help improve sexual health and relationships, to help determine what is erotically pleasing to them, and because mutual masturbation can lead to more satisfying sexual relationships and added intimacy.
Mutual masturbation involves two or more people who sexually stimulate each other, usually with the hands. It can be practiced by people of any sexual orientation, and can be part of other sexual activity. It may be used as foreplay, or as an alternative to sexual penetration. When used as an alternative to penile-vaginal penetration, the goal may be to preserve virginity or to avoid risk of pregnancy.
Mutual masturbation can be practiced in pairs or groups with or without actually touching another person for example:
Frequency of masturbation is determined by many factors, e.g., one's resistance to sexual tension, hormone levels influencing sexual arousal, sexual habits, peer influences, health and one's attitude to masturbation formed by culture; E. Heiby and J. Becker examined the latter. Medical causes have also been associated with masturbation.
The Merck Manual says that 97% of men and 80% of women have masturbated and that, generally speaking, males masturbate more than females.
Masturbation is considered normal when performed by children, even in early infancy. In 2009, the Sheffield NHS Health Trust issued a pamphlet called "Pleasure" which discussed the health benefits of masturbation. This was done in response to data and experience from the other EU member states to reduce teen pregnancy and STIs (STDs), and to promote healthy habits.
According to the New Oxford Textbook of Psychiatry (1st ed.), "Masturbation and sexual play are common well before puberty. Sexual behaviour in young children is common, and should only be regarded as a sign of sexual abuse when it is out of context and is inappropriate."
In the book Human Sexuality: Diversity in Contemporary America, by Strong, Devault and Sayad, the authors point out, "A baby boy may laugh in his crib while playing with his erect penis". "Baby girls sometimes move their bodies rhythmically, almost violently, appearing to experience orgasm." Italian gynecologists Giorgio Giorgi and Marco Siccardi observed via ultrasound a female fetus possibly masturbating and having what appeared to be an orgasm.
Coon and Mitterer stated: "Approximately 70 percent of married women and men masturbate at least occasionally."
In males, masturbation flushes out old sperm with low motility from the male's genital tract. The next ejaculation then contains more fresh sperm, which have higher chances of achieving conception during intercourse. If more than one male has intercourse with a female, the sperm with the highest motility will compete more effectively.
Solo masturbation is a sexual activity that is nearly free of risk of sexually transmitted infection. With two or more participants, the risk of sexually transmitted infection, while not eliminated, remains lower than with most forms of penetrative sex. Support for such a view and for making masturbation part of the American sex education curriculum, led to the dismissal of US Surgeon General Joycelyn Elders during the Clinton administration.
Masturbation among adolescents contributes to their developing a sense of mastery over sexual impulses, and it has a role in the physical and emotional development of prepubescents and pubescents.
Mutual masturbation enables partners in a couple to reveal the "map to [their] pleasure centers," learning how they enjoy being touched. When intercourse is inconvenient or impractical, mutual masturbation affords couples the opportunity to obtain sexual release as often as desired.
It is held in many mental health circles that masturbation can relieve depression and lead to a higher sense of self-esteem. When one partner in a relationship wants more sex than the other, masturbation can provide a balancing effect and promote a more harmonious relationship.
In 2003, an Australian research team led by Graham Giles of The Cancer Council Australia found that males who masturbated frequently had a lower probability of developing prostate cancer, although they could not demonstrate a direct causation. A 2008 study concluded that frequent ejaculation between the ages of 20 and 40 was correlated with higher risk of developing prostate cancer, while frequent ejaculation in the sixth decade of life was found to be correlated with a lower risk.
A study published in 1997 found an inverse association between death from coronary heart disease and frequency of orgasm even given the risk that myocardial ischaemia and myocardial infarction can be triggered by sexual activity.
The association between frequency of orgasm and all cause mortality was also examined using the midpoint of each response category recorded as number of orgasms per year. The age adjusted odds ratio for an increase of 100 orgasms per year was 0.64 (0.44 to 0.95).
That is, a difference in mortality appeared between any two subjects when one subject ejaculated at around two times per week more than the other. Assuming a broad range average of between three and five ejaculations per week for healthy males, this would mean five to seven ejaculations per week. This is consistent with a 2003 paper that found the strength of these correlations increased with increasing frequency of ejaculation.
A 2008 study at Tabriz Medical University found that ejaculation reduces swollen nasal blood vessels, freeing the airway for normal breathing. The mechanism is through stimulation of the sympathetic nervous system and is long lasting. The study author suggests: "It can be done [from] time-to-time to alleviate the congestion and the patient can adjust the number of intercourses or masturbations depending on the severity of the symptoms."
Sexual climax leaves an individual in a relaxed and contented state, frequently followed by drowsiness and sleep.
Some professionals consider masturbation equivalent to a cardiovascular workout. Though research remains scant, those suffering from cardiovascular disorders, particularly those recovering from heart attacks, should resume physical activity gradually and with the frequency and rigor which their physical status will allow. This limitation can serve as encouragement to follow through with physical therapy sessions to help improve endurance. In general, sex slightly increases energy consumption.
Those who insert objects as aids to masturbation risk them becoming stuck (e.g. as rectal foreign bodies). Men and women can fall prey to this problem. A woman went into a German hospital with two pencils in her bladder, having pierced her urethra after inserting them during masturbation.
A male whose penis is bluntly traumatized during intercourse or masturbation may, rarely, sustain a penile fracture or develop Peyronie's disease. Phimosis is "a contracted foreskin (that) may cause trouble by hurting when an attempt is made to pull the foreskin back". In these cases, any energetic manipulation of the penis can be problematic.
A small percentage of males have postorgasmic illness syndrome (POIS), which can cause severe muscle pain throughout the body and other symptoms immediately following ejaculation, whether due to masturbation or partnered sex. The symptoms last for up to a week. Some doctors speculate that the frequency of POIS "in the population may be greater than has been reported in the academic literature", and that many cases are undiagnosed.
Compulsive masturbation and other compulsive behaviors can be signs of an emotional problem, which may need to be addressed by a mental health specialist. As with any "nervous habit", it is more helpful to consider the causes of compulsive behavior, rather than try to repress masturbation.
The sexual stimulation of one's own genitals has been interpreted variously by different religions, the subject of legislation, social controversy, activism, as well as intellectual study in sexology. Social views regarding masturbation taboo have varied greatly in different cultures, and over history.
Among non-western perspectives on the matter, some teachers and practitioners of Traditional Chinese medicine, Taoist meditative and martial arts say that masturbation can cause a lowered energy level in men. Within the African Congo Basin, the Aka, Ngandu, Lesi, brbs, and Ituri ethnic groups all lack a word for masturbation in their languages and are confused by the concept of masturbation.
Medical attitudes toward masturbation began to change towards the end of the 19th century when H. Havelock Ellis, in his seminal 1897 work Studies in the Psychology of Sex, questioned Tissot's premises.
In the 1980s, Michel Foucault was arguing masturbation taboo was "rape by the parents of the sexual activity of their children". However, in 1994, when the surgeon general of the United States, Joycelyn Elders, mentioned as an aside that it should be mentioned in school curricula that masturbation was safe and healthy, she was forced to resign, with opponents asserting that she was promoting the teaching of how to masturbate.[citation needed]
Even though many medical professionals and scientists have found large amounts of evidence that masturbating is healthy and commonly practiced by males and females, stigma on the topic still persists today. In November 2013, Matthew Burdette, after being filmed masturbating, committed suicide.
In an article published by the nonprofit organization Planned Parenthood Federation of America, it was reported that:
Proving that these ancient stigmas against masturbation are still alive and felt by women and men, researchers in 1994 found that half of the adult women and men who masturbate feel guilty about it (Laumann, et al., 1994. p.85). Another study in 2000 found that adolescent young men are still frequently afraid to admit that they masturbate (Halpern, et al., 2000, 327).
Male masturbation may be used as a method to obtain semen for third party reproductive procedures such as artificial insemination and in vitro fertilisation which may involve the use of either partner or donor sperm.
The text book Palliative care nursing: quality care to the end of life states, "Terminally ill people are likely no different from the general population regarding their masturbation habits. Palliative care practitioners should routinely ask their patients if anything interferes in their ability to masturbate and then work with the patient to correct the problem if it is identified."
The prosecution of masturbation has varied at different times, from complete illegality to virtually unlimited acceptance. In a 17th-century law code for the Puritan colony of New Haven, Connecticut, blasphemers, homosexuals and masturbators were eligible for the death penalty.
In many jurisdictions, masturbation by one person of another is considered digital penetration which may be illegal in some cases, such as when the other person is a minor.
Religions vary broadly in their views of masturbation, from considering it completely impermissible (as in Roman Catholicism) to encouraging and refining it (as, for example, in some Neotantra and Taoist sexual practices).
In popular music, there are various songs that deal with masturbation. Some of the earliest examples are "My Ding-a-Ling" by Chuck Berry and "Mary Ann with the Shaky Hand" and "Pictures of Lily" by The Who.
The 1858 schoolboys' novel Eric, or, Little by Little was a tract against masturbation, but did not mention the subject except extremely obliquely as "Kibroth-Hattaavah" a place mentioned in the Old Testament where those that lusted after meat were buried.
In October 1972, an important censorship case was held in Australia, leading to the banning of Philip Roth's novel Portnoy's Complaint in that country due to its masturbation references. The censorship led to public outcry at the time.
In the Seinfeld episode "The Contest", the show's main characters enter into a contest to see who can go the longest without masturbating. Because Seinfeld's network, NBC, did not think masturbation was a suitable topic for prime-time television, the word is never used. Instead, the subject is described using a series of euphemisms. "Master of my domain" became a part of the American lexicon from this episode.
In March 2007 the UK broadcaster Channel 4 was to air a season of television programmes about masturbation, called Wank Week. (Wank is a Briticism for masturbate.) The series came under public attack from senior television figures, and was pulled amid claims of declining editorial standards and controversy over the channel's public service broadcasting credentials.
In Monty Python's The Meaning of Life (1983), the song "Every Sperm Is Sacred" is a satire of Catholic teachings on reproduction that forbid masturbation (and contraception) by artificial means. In Talking Cock by comedian Richard Herring, the sketch is used to ridicule those who condemn masturbation (and sex) for any purpose other than procreation.
In American Pie (1999), Nadia (Shannon Elizabeth) discovers Jim's (Jason Biggs) pornography collection and while half-naked sitting on his bed masturbates to it. In American Reunion (2012), Noah (Eugene Levy) attempts to explain the potential joys and difficulties of Jim explaining masturbation to his future son.
Masturbatory behavior has been documented in a very wide range of species. Individuals of some species have been known to create tools for masturbation purposes.
Willin Low is a restaurateur and chef in Singapore. His flagship restaurant, Wild Rocket, specializes in what Low describes as "mod sin" or modern Singaporean cuisine. Diners Club named Wild Rocket one of the top 50 restaurants in Asia.
This biographical article about a foodie, restaurateur or gourmand is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Naif Mansour Al-Mutairi (born 12 December 1987) is a Saudi football player who played in the Saudi Professional League for Al-Batin.
This biographical article related to a football defender from Saudi Arabia is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Walter Bach (born 10 December 1909, date of death unknown) was a Swiss gymnast who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
This biographical article related to Swiss artistic gymnastics is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
In April 2013, Fahey suffered an anterior cruciate ligament injury while playing for Arsenal. The 30 minutes she played for Ireland against the Basque Country in May 2014 was her first game back.
Retry is a free-to-play retro-styled side-scrolling video game developed by Rovio LVL11 and published by Rovio Entertainment. Inspired by Flappy Bird, Retry has similar controls. The game was soft launched in Finland, Canada, and Poland in May 2014. The worldwide iOS and Android release was on October 22, 2014. As of 2017 Retry has been taken off the app stores.
The goal of the game is to send an airplane from one hangar to another hangar in different places. There are many obstacles between the two points, including air and moving landscapes.
The goal of the game is to bring the airplane from one hangar into another hangar without crashing into obstacles (even the ground). In order to move the plane, the players must simply tap the screen. The plane will then move forwards and upwards. Releasing the finger from the screen makes the plane move down. (Similar gameplay has appeared before in old Finnish games, such as Triplane Turmoil (1996) by Dodekaedron Software and even more similarly in Super Sukkula (1994) by Lasse Makkonen.)
In every level, there is at least one "retry point", that when landed upon changes the plane's spawn point into that of the retry point for one coin. The game, unlike Flappy Bird, can also let players loop the plane, and even fly backwards. There are also new gameplay elements such as liquid physics, moving obstacles, stars, and currency (for unlocking levels early and acquiring retry points), which can be earned via achievements or playing levels and purchased for real money.
In certain levels, there are elements that can increase the difficulty. The wind can slow down the plane, water can drown the plane (but not crash), and moving terrain. There are also locked blocks in some levels that locks a certain level path, that can only be opened by unlocking the next level pack.
Like all Rovio games, Retry has a 3-star format. The first star is earned by finishing the level, the second star is earned by not crashing a certain number of times, and the third star by not flying more than a certain distance. Stars, not only shows the mastery of each level but are also used to unlock additional level packs.
Patrick O'Rourke of canada.com described the game as taking "one of the few things that was great about Flappy Bird", namely the satisfaction of repeatedly retrying the same simple task, and building a full game around the idea. He saw its visuals as paying homage to the Nintendo Entertainment System without "completely ripping them off" as Flappy Bird had done, and summarised the game as a "decent pick-up-and-play iOS title".
Prasenjit Ghosh (born 1 June 1990) is an Indian footballer who last played as a goalkeeper for DSK Shivajians in the I-League.
This biographical article related to Indian association football is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Frederick County, Maryland has a half-day bank holiday every November 23 to commemorate Repudiation Day. The Maryland Manual states on page 329 that the General Assembly of 1894 made November 23 a bank half-holiday in Frederick County, under the title of "Repudiation Day," in commemoration of the repudiation of the Stamp Act in 1765.
Each year, the Frederick Chapter of the National Society of the Daughters of the American Revolution (DAR) hosts a tea party to celebrate Repudiation Day. Tea and crumpets are served, and the Clerk of the Court reads the original proclamation passed by the judges and the Maryland Provincial Assembly in November 1765.
The house on Record Street (behind the current City Hall), where the Repudiation decision was made, has since been demolished.
In 1904, a plaque listing the names of the twelve men who repudiated the Stamp Act was placed in the Frederick County Courthouse by the Frederick Chapter of the DAR. The plaque can be seen on the right side of the vestibule of the courthouse. 
Memorialized on that plaque are: Thomas Beatty, Peter Bainbridge, Josiah Beall, Samuel Beall, William Blair, James Dickson, Andrew Heugh, Charles Jones, William Luckett, David Lynn, Thomas Price and Joseph Smith. 
SOCOM 3 U.S. Navy SEALs is a tactical shooter video game developed by Zipper Interactive and published by Sony Computer Entertainment exclusively for PlayStation 2. It is the sequel to SOCOM II: U.S. Navy SEALs.
The online servers for this game, along with other PlayStation 2 and PlayStation Portable SOCOM titles, were shut down on August 31, 2012.
SOCOM 3 U.S. Navy SEALs is a third-person tactical shooter. There are 14 different single-player missions. SOCOM 3 U.S. Navy SEALs is playable on five difficulty levels.  At the start, the player can only choose from three of these.  If the player completes the game on Commander, they can unlock the Captain difficulty level (which unlocks the Admiral difficulty level upon successful completion).
Every mission has primary, secondary, bonus, and crosstalk objectives - which are compatible with the Sony PSP game SOCOM: U.S. Navy SEALs Fireteam Bravo.
In the South Asian missions "Killjoy" and "Simple" are replaced by British Special Boat Service operatives "Flash" and "Chopper". In these missions the player battles a piracy organization called "The Fist and Fire".
The last missions take place in Poland where the SEALs battle a well funded, ultra-nationalist terrorist organization called the New Slavic Order (NSO). In these missions "Flash" and "Chopper" are replaced by GROM operatives "Deadpan" and "Coldkill".
The game is situated in Poland, South Asia and North Africa. The South Asia area of operation was originally specified as Bangladesh, but was changed after a complaint from the Bangladeshi government.
The first Map Pack was released for a free two-week trial on June 27, 2006. After the two-week trial, players had the opportunity to purchase the map pack through the SOCOM Store in the SOCOM community section. Two more map packs were released containing maps from SOCOM and SOCOM 2.[citation needed]
SOCOM 3 U.S. Navy SEALs received "generally positive" reviews, according to review aggregator Metacritic.
Fujimidai Station consists of an elevated island platform serving two tracks, with an additional outer track on either side for non-stop services.
Station numbering was introduced on all Seibu Railway lines during fiscal 2012, with Fujimidai Station becoming "SI08".
Through-running to and from Yokohama and Motomachi-Chukagai via the Tokyu Toyoko Line and Minatomirai Line commenced on 16 March 2013.
In fiscal 2013, the station was the 42nd busiest on the Seibu network with an average of 24,967 passengers daily.
Carabus exiguus is a species of black-coloured ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily that is endemic to China.
Robert Alan Person (born October 6, 1969) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played nine seasons in Major League Baseball: two for the New York Mets, two and a half for the Toronto Blue Jays, three and a half for the Philadelphia Phillies, and only seven games pitched for the Boston Red Sox in the last year of his career.
Person was drafted by the Cleveland Indians in the 25th round of the 1989 Major League Baseball Draft and eventually traded to the Chicago White Sox in 1991. In the 1992 MLB expansion draft, the Florida Marlins drafted him 47th overall, he then became a free agent, and signed again with the Marlins.
In 1994, Person was traded from the Marlins to the New York Mets, who, in 1996, traded him to the Blue Jays for John Olerud. Person became a Phillie in 1999 when the Blue Jays swapped him for Paul Spoljaric. Granted free agency after the 2002 season, he joined the Red Sox for a short and unsuccessful stint.
Person tried joining the White Sox out of spring training in 2004 and 2005, but was unsuccessful. Injuries were the Achilles heel (quite literally), preventing Person from achieving sustained success.
Before Person's grand slam, Jeff Juden was the last Phillies pitcher to hit a grand slam: August 25, 1995, against the Los Angeles Dodgers. Randy Lerch had been the last Phillies pitcher before Person to hit two home runs in a game, a feat that he accomplished on September 30, 1978.
Person played college baseball for the University of Arkansas.  He played high school baseball at University City High School in St. Louis.
Lee was privately educated at Oundle and then at St John's College, Cambridge. He was the son of a London-based builder, Henry Lee, described as coming from Chiswell Street in Finsbury but later settling in Balham; John Lee's younger half-brother, Frederick, 15 years younger, was also a first-class cricketer, playing for Cambridge University, Surrey and other amateur sides.
Lee played very little cricket in 1849 but returned, without distinction, in 1850 in eight first-class games, including an appearance for the All-England side, and another in the Gentlemen v Players series. He also played in a remarkable South v North match which was scheduled for three days but completed in one day with John Wisden taking all 10 South wickets, including Lee's, in the second innings. He did not play first-class cricket after 1850.
Her family were farmers and Morales spent her youth farming and herding llamas. Esther Morales, who had to leave elementary school when she was just 8-years old, was also responsible for raising her younger brothers, including Evo, when their mother died. Later in life, then-President Evo Morales said that he viewed her as his own mother.
Esther Morales continued to work in agriculture into adulthood. She eventually moved to Oruro, Bolivia, where she sold groceries and llama meat from a small store located in her home. Morales married Ponciano Willcarani, a musician, with whom she had three children - Ademar, Marcelo, and Roger.
Observers noted that the appointment of his sister to acting First Lady indicated that President Morales wanted to focus on the poor and Indigenous peoples in Bolivia. The Daily Telegraph wrote in March 2006 that, "Her elevation is a strong indication that her brother aims to define his period in power as the peasant presidency. Dona Esther is expected to represent the feminine side of his project, to become a mother figure to the poor."
In the 2000s and 2010s, Esther Morales actively participated in official domestic and international events as acting first lady in support of her brother's government. She met with foreign dignitaries, traveled to South Korea, and represented Bolivia at a women's conference in the United Kingdom. Morales also spoke in favor of Bolivia's maritime claims to territory in neighboring Chile.
Despite the president's public reversal, Esther Morales continued to serve as the acting first lady (or its equivalent) for several years, though in a diminished captivity. Morales retired from public life during the later years of her brother's presidency.
During the November 2019 Bolivian political crisis, which resulted in the exile of President Evo Morales, demonstrators set fire to Esther Morales' small home and store in Oruro. Esther Morales also fled the country following her brother's resignation on 10 November 2019. She briefly stayed in Mexico before returning to Bolivia.
Esther Morales died from complications of COVID-19 on Sunday, 16 August 2020, at the Oruro hospital at the age of 70. She was survived by her husband, Ponciano Willcarani and their three sons, Ademar, Marcelo, and Roger. Morales was buried in her hometown of Orinoca.
Flogging is a lawful sentence under Shari'a law in Afghanistan for crimes such as adultery, which may be punished with 100 lashes of a whip.
Courts have also ordered flogging for alcohol use, although a BBC report has claimed that this is rare.
ADIVIMA's work to assist survivors falls into three main categories: Human rights, socioeconomic development, and community organization.
ADIVIMA works with leaders from the surrounding rural communities to encourage participation in local and national government.  ADIVIMA sponsors workshops to train male, female, and youth community leaders in how to affectively assert their rights and work with the larger government structure.
The institute's primary mission is to promote "interest in and understanding of international affairs, including politics, economics and international law". The current National President of the AIIA is Allan Gyngell AO. The current National Executive Director is Dr Bryce Wakefield.
During the 1970s, when Australian foreign policy and the Asia-Pacific region were undergoing considerable change, the institute failed to expand. Gough Whitlam, the Australian Prime Minister at the time, wrote a message to the institute in 1972 that actively encouraged it to help inform public opinion on the rapid changes underway in Australia's neighbourhood.
Robert J. Garagiola (born September 5, 1972) is an American lawyer and former politician from the state of Maryland. A Democrat, he had represented District 15 in north-western Montgomery County in the Maryland State Senate.
Garagiola was born in Warren, Michigan to Ken and Marge Garagiola. In 1979, he and his family moved to the suburbs of Indianapolis, Indiana.  In 1981, his family moved to the suburbs of St. Louis, Missouri. At age 10, his family moved, again, to Oceanside, California, a northern suburb of San Diego. On September 5, 1988, his family moved once more to Cape May County, New Jersey.
After graduating from Ocean City High School in 1990, Rob attended Rutgers College in New Brunswick, New Jersey. In 1994, he received his B.S. in Political Science. During his years as an undergraduate, Rob joined Phi Kappa Psi fraternity, served as the Rutgers Chapter president in 1993 and District 1 Archon from 1994 to 1995. He is a graduate of The George Washington University Law School.
In 1994, Rob moved to Germantown, Maryland, with his college girlfriend. Shortly thereafter, they married and had three children.
He was a U.S. Army Reserves paratrooper, 1995-2001, attaining the rank of sergeant. He was entitled to wear the parachutist badge (2000) and Commendation Medal (2001).
He was admitted to the bar in 2001, and is licensed to practice in law in Maryland, the District of Columbia, before the U.S. Supreme Court, United States District Court for the District of Maryland, and the U.S. Court of Appeals, 4th Circuit. He practices Business Law, Real estate law, and Employment Law.
Bloggers speculated Garagiola might become a candidate for Congress in Maryland's 8th congressional district should current Congressman Chris Van Hollen seek another office.
On November 1, 2011, Garagiola announced his run for the newly redistricted Maryland's 6th congressional district, held by 10-term incumbent Republican Roscoe G. Bartlett. He secured endorsements from Governor Martin O'Malley, Senate President Thomas V. Mike Miller Jr. and House Minority Whip Steny H. Hoyer. In the primary election of April 3, 2012 he lost by 17% to a political newcomer John K. Delaney.
In June 2013, Garagiola announced that he would retire on August 31, 2013. As he retired before the end of his term, Brian Feldman was appointed to fill his seat for the remainder of the term.
Yale is a city in Payne County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 1,227 at the 2010 census, a decline of 8.6 percent from the figure of 1,342 in 2000.
On September 23, 1913, an oil well on the Randle farm produced a gusher. An even larger gusher began producing a month later. More discoveries followed. By the end of 1914, the combined Yale and Cushing fields were producing 220,000 barrels a day. The town boomed, attaining a population of 2,601 by the census of 1920.
The primary source of Yale's water supply is Lone Chimney Lake. The lake's level has been declining for several years because of prolonged drought conditions and high water consumption of water by Yale and other Oklahoma towns that rely on this lake as their primary source.
As of the census of 2010, there were 1,227 people living in the city.  The population density was 1,473.3 people per square mile (569.4/km2).  There were 604 housing units at an average density of 670 per square mile (259/km2).  The racial makeup of the city was 87.63% White, 6.93% Native American, 0.30% Asian, 0.15% from other races, and 4.99% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.98% of the population.
There were 529 households, out of which 32.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.0% were married couples living together, 10.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.1% were non-families. 30.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 3.04.
In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.7% under the age of 18, 10.3% from 18 to 24, 25.6% from 25 to 44, 20.0% from 45 to 64, and 17.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.1 males.
The median income for a household in the city was $23,403, and the median income for a family was $30,714. Males had a median income of $26,630 versus $15,813 for females. The per capita income for the city was $11,346. About 15.7% of families and 19.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including 22.3% of those under age 18 and 13.5% of those age 65 or over.
2bex: CRYSTAL STRUCTURE OF PLACENTAL RIBONUCLEASE INHIBITOR IN COMPLEX WITH HUMAN EOSINOPHIL DERIVED NEUROTOXIN AT 2A RESOLUTION
Bologna School is a term for the group of composers active in Bologna in the mid-late 17th century; most were associated with the church of Saint Petronius or the Accademia Filarmonica. They include Cazzati, Perti, G. B. Vitali, Torelli and Corelli (who had Bolognese links although he mainly worked in Rome); the school is associated with sacred music and particularly with the rise of the instrumental concerto and sonata, including music for trumpet and strings, a Bolognese speciality.
Elena Clare Johnson (born 2 November 1985) is a badminton player from Guernsey who competed in the Island Games since 2001 and the Commonwealth Games five times.
In 2010, Johnson attempted to find a doubles partner for the 2011 Island Games in Gayle Lloyd. As Lloyd was deemed just short of the permanent residence status required to compete for Guernsey in the games, Johnson did not compete in women's doubles at the 2011 games.
For the 2021 Island Games in Guernsey, Johnson will be serving as player-manager for the Guernsey Badminton Association.
You and Others is the second album by British-based band, Vega4. It follows on five years after their debut album, Satellites. It was produced by former Compulsion guitarist Jacknife Lee, and released on October 30, 2006 on Sony BMG.
Nivaldo Alves Freitas Santos (born 10 July 1988), known as Nivaldo, is a Cape Verdean professional footballer who plays as a left midfielder and left back for Anadia.
The 108th Virginia General Assembly was the meeting of the legislative branch of the Virginia state government from 1914 to 1916, after the 1913 state elections. It convened in Richmond for two sessions.
Marco Andreas Streng is a German businessman, and the chief executive officer and co-founder of Genesis Group, a cryptocurrency business based in Iceland that is one of the largest bitcoin and ether mining operations. In 2016 he founded the Logos Fund, the first regulated fund for bitcoin and cryptocurrency mining in the world.
Marco Streng was raised in the German state of Bavaria. He studied mathematics at the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich but left before graduating.[non-primary source needed] His interest in cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology developed while he was at university when he set up a mining operation in his student accommodation that was copied by other students. The operation ended when the electricity bill arrived.
In 2016, Streng founded the Logos Fund, registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, that was described by Reuters as the first regulated fund for bitcoin and cryptocurrency mining in the world. He is the vice-chairman and co-founder of Hive Blockchain Technologies Limited, and the joint founder with the British technology investor Christopher Harborne of Singular AI Consulting Limited.
Opposing Viewpoints is a series of books on current issues which seeks to explore the varying opinions in a balanced pros/cons debate.  The series attempts to encourage critical thinking and issue awareness by providing opposing views on contentious issues. The online versions are managed by Cengage Gale and the print versions are available through Rosen publishing.
Each book features black and white illustrations and cartoons, bibliographies, glossaries, chronologies, indexes, activities, and discussion questions.  They are published by Greenhaven Press and are heavily used in both school and public library collections.
A review of the online database, Opposing Viewpoints Resource Center, reads, "The print series has long been a staple in secondary school and young adult collections for research and debate preparation on hot topics in social studies and science."
Christine Nasso of Greenhaven Press told Booklist, "When we learned our customers wanted series content to be made available in a fully searchable database, we responded with the Opposing Viewpoints Resource Center".
In 2017, Gale offered a Chrome extension to help students identify its Opposing Viewpoints in Context results in Google searches.
This article about a location in Hama Governorate, Syria is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Xanthophyllum parvifolium is a tree in the family Polygalaceae. The specific epithet parvifolium is from the Latin meaning "small leaves".
The Saint Returns is a collection of two mystery novellas by Fleming Lee, continuing the adventures of the sleuth Simon Templar a.k.a. "The Saint", created by Leslie Charteris. This book was first published in the United States in 1968 by The Crime Club, and in the United Kingdom in 1969 by Hodder and Stoughton.
Although credited to Leslie Charteris on the front cover, Fleming Lee was credited with writing the novellas, which were adaptations of episodes from the 1962-69 television series The Saint. Charteris served in an editorial capacity.
See guidelines for writing about novels. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.
After a review by the Local Government Boundary Commission for England, the number of seats on the council was reduced from 48 single-member wards, to a 40-member council, consisting of 38 single member wards, and one double-member ward.
Dolcoath mine (Cornish: Bal Dorkoth) was a copper and tin mine in Camborne, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom. Its name derives from the Cornish for 'Old Ground', and it was also affectionately known as The Queen of Cornish  Mines. The site is north-west of Carn Brea. Dolcoath Road runs between the A3047 road and Chapel Hill. The site is south of this road.
Of around 470 copper-producing mines in Cornwall and Devon, Dolcoath became the fifth largest. But as depth increased the copper died out, and by 1832 the mine was in danger of closing. However the mine captain, Charles Thomas, was convinced that tin ore would be found deeper down and after disagreements with the shareholders his faith was repaid and the first tin dividend was paid in 1853.
At the subsequent inquest, Captain Josiah Thomas said that the working party must have removed some of the old props before putting in the new ones, but this was contradicted by one of the survivors who reported that the men were doing nothing at the time to cause the fall.
Because of its success, the mine paid frequent dividends to its shareholders, and its shares, which were nicknamed 'Dollies', were among the most sought-after of the industry.
Ammotrophus cyclius is a species of sand dollar of the family Arachnoididae. Their external skeleton, known as a test, is covered with spines. It belongs to the genus Ammotrophus and lives in the seas off southern Australia. Ammotrophus cyclius was first scientifically described in 1928 by Hubert Clark.
Lulsgate Aerodrome was a motor racing circuit at the former RAF Lulsgate Bottom airfield, which in 1957 subsequently became Bristol Airport. The airfield was turned into a racing circuit in 1949. Lulsgate hosted two race meetings, in 1949 and 1950. The circuit mainly hosted sports car events, however a Formula III race featured in both 1949 and 1950.
Lend Me Your Wife is a 1935 British comedy film directed by W.P. Kellino and starring Henry Kendall, Kathleen Kelly and Cyril Smith. It was made at Elstree Studios as a quota quickie.
This article related to a British comedy film of the 1930s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
No official tournament took place, because the Peru national football team competed at the 1936 Berlin Olympic Games.[citation needed]
Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).
This article about a Dutch  People's Party for Freedom and Democracy politician is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about a Member of the European Parliament from the Netherlands is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
After differences with his authoritarian father, Simplot left school in the eighth grade at age 14 in 1923. He then worked on a farm near Declo in Cassia County. He developed a low cost method for feeding hogs when the market fell, feeding wild horse meat and potatoes to his hogs. When the market recovered he sold at a profit and got into the potato and vegetable processing business.
By World War II, the J. R. Simplot Company had become the largest shipper of fresh potatoes in the nation.
Simplot retired as president of his company in 1973, but remained as chairman until 1994. He held the title of Chairman Emeritus until his death in 2008. Simplot received an honorary degree from Utah State University in Logan in 2001, honoring him for his many contributions to the agricultural industry of America, particularly the Intermountain West.
Further enhancing his enormous wealth, the J.R. Simplot Company provided startup capital in the early 1980s for the fledgling Micron Technology, a Boise-based manufacturer of computer memory chips. Additionally, he invested heavily in Remington Oil.
In 1961, Simplot financed the Brundage Mountain ski area near McCall, two hours north of Boise. The Simplot Company sold its 50% interest in Brundage in April 2006 to the longtime co-owner, the DeBoer family. In the early 1950s, Simplot was the benefactor to the fledgling Bogus Basin ski area near Boise when it had financial difficulties; the base area lodge is named in his honor.
In 1995, the J.R. Simplot Company expanded into Australia, acquiring iconic food brands like Birds Eye, Leggo's, Chiko, and Edgell.
He and his second wife, Esther Becker (b.1934), a former opera singer, met in the mid 1960s in New York. He was on a business trip and she was working as a receptionist for the Henry Phipps Foundation; they were married in 1972.
Before his death, Simplot and his wife Esther resided in the Grove Hotel building in downtown Boise, a few blocks from the company's headquarters. The couple donated their hilltop home, in Boise's north end, to the state of Idaho in late 2004 for use as a governor's mansion. (Known as "The Idaho House," it was returned to the Simplot family in 2013, and demolished in January 2016.)
On January 1, 2007, while attending the Fiesta Bowl in Glendale, Arizona, with his wife and son, Simplot fell from a motorized scooter and suffered a cranial hematoma. He was taken to St. Joseph's Hospital and Medical Center in Phoenix, where he spent his 98th birthday. Simplot returned to Idaho several days later for further rehabilitation.
Simplot died suddenly at his home at age 99 on May 25, 2008, with his wife at his side, following a bout of pneumonia from which he appeared to be recovering. His death occurred moments after he had invited a friend to his home to play cards.
Simplot was survived by his wife, two sons, Don and Scott, and his daughter, Gay; his eldest son, Richard (Dick), died in 1993 at age 59. He was also survived by 18 grandchildren, 25 great-grandchildren, and one great-great-grandchild. He was interred at Morris Hill Cemetery in Boise.
In 1996, Simplot was inducted into the Hall of Great Westerners of the National Cowboy & Western Heritage Museum.
As in Sale, the game was split into four rounds. Contestants begin with a score of $20. When Ed Phillips asks a question, the first contestant to buzz in had the chance to answer the question; if correct, he or she gained $5; if wrong, he or she lost $5. Phillips revealed the answer immediately if the contestant answered incorrectly; no other contestants were given the opportunity to answer. Contestants needed not wait until Phillips had finished asking the question before buzzing in.
Round Two: After the first few questions, the second Gift Shop was offered. This item was offered for $10, and usually had a retail value of between $3,000 and $7,000; this could again be accompanied by a cash incentive, or the $10 price could be lowered. More questions were asked, and then the second "Who am I?". After the "Who am I?", three more questions were asked before another 20-second sprint round. This ended round two.
Famous Faces: Correct "Who am I?" answers chose one of nine boxes, identified by celebrities' faces. As before, most of the faces concealed small prizes, but there were cash values (also known as Money Cards) which were added directly to the player's score:
The new Temptation series had also added three special selections. All of these selections were present from the beginning of the game, however the Lock Out and Turbo were removed from the board in the third round:
In each case, the next three questions were never part of a fast money round. This was also the reason why the Lock Out and Turbo items were removed from the board for the final "Who am I?".
On occasions throughout the year, Temptation would break from its normal running style for a week and run a celebrity edition. In most cases these celebrities were playing for home viewers, where the normal prizes and money cards were present. Sometimes the celebrities would be playing for charities, where instead of small prizes cash donations to their charity were given (usually between $500 and $5,000). The money cards still remained.
When Temptation premiered on 30 May 2005, there were some slight format differences from later series:
In the 2005 end game Ten in a Row, contestants had to answer ten questions consecutively within the space of one minute. The amount of cash won increased through a non-linear scale:
Any incorrect, passed answer or questions that were not answered in three seconds reset the value to $0, and a contestant who didn't reach $100,000 won whatever value they had when time expired.
In 2005, six-night champions could keep all five prizes or return for one more night. If a contestant won on night seven, then they would win all the prizes, the money in their cash account (which was not doubled), and $500,000 in gold bullion. Theoretically, the highest cash jackpot a contestant could win was $600,000 ($1,100,000 including the gold bullion).
Carry-over champions would also be able to leave the show at any time with money won during Ten in a Row won up to that point in addition to the prize or prizes to which he or she had been entitled.
The format for the bonus round was modified in 2006. First-night champions would automatically be given a $50,000 cash jackpot, which could not be won until at least their seventh night. The Ten in a Row segment was changed so that ten correct answers would add another $50,000 to the jackpot. There was no need to correctly answer the questions consecutively, but at least ten answers had to be answered correctly before time ran out.
Special series were often run featuring celebrities, sports personalities, and former champions. The format varied from special to special, depending upon the number of contestants available, and some specials had seen celebrities compete in pairs. Prizes for these specials were either donated to a charity of the celebrity's choice, or awarded to randomly chosen home viewers.
A Temptation board game was released by Crown and Andrews in 2006. The following contents are in the board game: playing board, electronic umpire (an electronic item that determines which player buzzed first), six buttons, a 'Question and Answer' book, six score markers, 16 Show Prize cards, 24 Leader Prize cards, 26 Winner Prize cards, card tray and the rules. A picture of the game can be found here:
Additionally, a DVD game was released by Imagination in 2007, featuring series host Ed Phillips, before the show was scrapped.
A Big Red Buzzer (or Temptation Buzzer) was released which includes a ring-in sound effect and a three-second timer with a flashing light.
It has full marginalia with marks of the text's division, with liturgical notes and scholia. Only one leaf of the codex had lost.
The manuscript was brought to England in 1675 by Philip Traherne, English Chaplain at Smyrna, who made first collation of its text. The collation was corrected by Scrivener in 1845. It was called Codex Ephesinus, because of place of its origin.
Scholz had noted that "familiae plerumque adhaeret Constantinopolitanae" (today this family is called as the Byzantine text-type). Scrivener opposed that Scholz missed many remarkable readings of the codex, so his opinion is not reliable, but Tischendorf confirmed Scholz's opinion that it represents Constantinopolitanian text.
According to Scrivener there are a few Greek manuscripts of the New Testament from the 12th century "will be found to equal it in weight and importance". The manuscript presents "a text full of interest, and much superior to that of the mass manuscripts of its age". According to Gregory text of the manuscript is good.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents textual cluster M27 in Luke 1, Luke 10, and Luke 20, as a core member. To this cluster belong also manuscripts like Minuscule 569, 692, 750.
It has many unique textual variants (e.g. Matthew 16:11; Luke 6:49; 10:24; 19:21), many of them are supported by manuscripts like Codex Vaticanus, Codex Bezae, Codex Cyprius, and Lectionary 183. Sometimes it stands alone or nearly alone among manuscript examined by Scrivener (Luke 10:22; 17:26; 24:18.27; John 1:42; 2:17; 3:25; 8:3; 12:2).  The text has many corrections made by a later hand.
The manuscript once belonged to the Archbishop of Ephesus. It was brought to England in 1675 by Philip Traherne, English Chaplain at Smyrna in 1669-1674. In 1679 the manuscript was presented by him to the Lambeth Palace Library, along with collation, where it is held to the present day (shelf number 528).
Scrivener in 1845 used collation of Traheron and compared with the text of the manuscript, and revised it, in regard to changes made by later correctors. Gregory saw the codex in 1883.
Everybody's Happy Now is a World War I song written by James Kendis, James Brockman, and Nat Vincent in 1918. It was published by Kendis-Brockman Music Co. and written for voice and piano.
The sheet music is located at the Pritzker Military Museum & Library as well as the Library of Congress.
This is a list of past and present personalities associated with the television and radio arms of the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation.
This article about a castle, palace or manor house in Latvia is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The film stars Vijay and Suriya, while Simran, Kausalya, Raghuvaran, Shanthi Krishna, Baby Jennifer, Karan, Vivek, Manivannan and Prakash Raj played the supporting roles. Deva and K. V. Anand handled the film's soundtrack and cinematography respectively. It was dubbed into Telugu as Mukha Mukhi. The film was a commercial success at the box office.
The story starts off with Raghu, a passport-issuing officer, and his wife Shanthi, who live in Chennai. Raghu, being an honest man, tells Shanthi that he cheated on her with a coworker when he was in Goa. She immediately leaves for her mother's house. Raghu, being a transformed gentleman, tries to stop her by apologizing, but in vain.
Raghu's brother Vijay, being a good and supportive brother, and Shanthi's brother Suriya, being a non-emotive but supporting brother, meet in a cinema theater. Vijay, being  a righteous brother, blames Shanthi to be the cause of the problem, and Suriya blames Raghu for the same. They keep on fighting at every chance. Meanwhile, both Vijay and Suriya find their own girlfriends in Akhila and Asha respectively and fall in love.
As Suriya reaches home, Vijay follows them. Once Vijay reaches home, he throws away Sona's hearing device before the bomb goes off.  The movie ends with Vijay and Suriya becoming best friends again after a long time and reconciling with their lady loves, and Raghu and Shanthi also embrace each other with Sona.
The film was the first Tamil project signed by Simran who was signed by Vasanth after he was impressed with her looks in Tere Mere Sapne, though Once More and VIP released earlier. Vasanth signed on Kausalya after seeing and being impressed with her picture at a jewellery shop and was unaware that she had already made her debut in the hit film Kaalamellam Kadhal Vaazhga.
The director revealed he had great difficulty in filming the song "Engengae", as crowds in Kolkata refused to co-operate with the technical team. The filming mainly took place in and around Trivandrum and Kochi, with some minority portions being shot in Chennai.
The film went on to win two Tamil Nadu State Film Awards for 1997 with the child artiste, Jennifer, securing the Best Child Star award for her performance. Harini also won the Best Female Playback Singer award for her rendition of "Manam Virumbuthae" in the album aged just 18. In 2000, the film was dubbed and released in the Telugu language as Mukhamukhi.
The soundtrack consists of 6 songs, composed by Deva. All lyrics written by Vairamuthu. The song "Akila Akila" is based on Bob Marley's "Buffalo Soldier".
Camilo Becerra (born 10 October 1980) is a three-time Olympic freestyle swimmer from Colombia. He swam from Colombia at the 2000, 2004 and 2008 Olympics.
He graduated from Southern Methodist University in 2006 with a degree in Finance and Economics. Becerra swims for the Fort Worth Area Swim team in Fort Worth Texas and is coached by Ron Forrest.
This biographical article related to a Colombian swimmer is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
A decree issued by Hitler on 8 October 1939 provided for the annexation of western Polish areas and the Free City of Danzig. A separate by-law stipulated the inclusion of the area around Suwalki (the Suwalki triangle). The remaining block of territory remained under military occupation until it was decreed by Hitler on 12 October to establish the General Government, which came into force on 26 October.
The Springfield Model 1869 was one of several model "trapdoor Springfields", which used the trapdoor breechblock design developed by Erskine S. Allin.
Originally, the trapdoor Springfields were created to convert Model 1863 Springfield rifled muskets to breech-loading rifles at a relatively low cost.
The Model 1869 Cadet Rifle was a shortened version of the Springfield Model 1868. It had a 29.5 inch barrel, compared to the 32.5 inch barrel of the Model 1868, and had an overall length of 48.8 inches. The Model 1869 was produced using Model 1868 receivers and breech blocks, but used a stock that was manufactured specifically for the Model 1869. The Model 1869 had a narrower buttplate and the stock around the barrel was thinner than on the Model 1868.
Delgany has a walking trail called the Delgany Heritage Trail, which includes a number of historic and wildlife sights.  There are other walking trails in Kindlestown Woods and the Glen of the Downs.
The village used to have three pubs. The Wicklow Arms has been sold for redevelopment and the Delgany Inn is now home to a baker, grocer, fishmonger and restaurant.[citation needed] The only one which still operates as a pub is the Horse and Hound, on the main street, Convent Road, which is also home to a butcher, a delicatessen, and the local shop.[citation needed]
A mediaeval castle, possibly dating to the 9th century, appears to have been occupied into the 18th century. Excavation established that the south and west walls represented a replacement wall built in the 19th century. Kindlestown has connections back to the year 1020 with Ugaire, son of Douling, King of Leinster and Citric, Norse King of Dublin.[citation needed]
An advertisement for a directory enquiry company was filmed at the old Patterson's Garage in the area. Several episodes of the television show Moon Boy were filmed in Christ Church. In the 1990s, it was the location for the recording of Tori Amos's third album Boys For Pele.
James Ryan (born 12 May 1945) is a Scottish former footballer who played as a winger. Born in Stirling, Ryan spent the majority of his professional career in England, starting with Manchester United before moving to Luton Town in 1970. In 1976, he moved to the United States, where he played for the Dallas Tornado in the North American Soccer League (NASL) and the Wichita Wings in the Major Indoor Soccer League (MISL).
1Includes other competitive competitions, including Charity Shield, Watney Cup and the Intercontinental Cup.
Michael Horus Hall (born June 5, 1984) is an American-Irish former professional basketball player, who last played for CB Tizona of the Liga EBA.
Undrafted after his senior season, Hall joined the Tulsa 66ers of the NBA Development League. On February 28, 2007, the Washington Wizards signed him to a ten-day contract due to injuries of forwards Antawn Jamison and Caron Butler. He was signed to a second ten-day contract shortly afterwards, and on March 21, the team signed him for the rest of the season. He appeared in two games for the Wizards and was released in late October, 2007 due to salary cap reasons.
In January 2012, he signed with Fuenlabrada of Spain for the rest of the season. On November 29, 2012, he signed with Maccabi Ashdod of Israel. In his second game with Maccabi, he got injured and missed the rest of the season.
In September 2014, Hall signed with La Bruixa d'Or Manresa of Spain. In October 2014, he parted ways with Manresa, after playing only two games. On November 26, 2014, he signed with Juventud Sionista of Argentina. He left Sionista after only three games. On February 24, 2015, he signed with Aries Trikala of the Greek Basket League. On April 17, 2015, he left Trikala and signed with Scaligera Verona of the Italian Serie A2 Basket for the rest of the season.
Nurdin Bilal Ali (born July 16, 1990), better known by his stage name SHETTA, is currently one of the most successful music artists in Tanzania, with a number of his songs reaching peak positions on various music charts in the country and across the African continent. His single "Namjua" dominated several charts at peak position for several weeks in a row in 2016. The song's video had one million views on YouTube as of 2016.
Shetta was born at Amana Hospital, Ilala Municipality in the city of Dar es Salaam. He grew up at Ilala Mchikichini Boma and attended his primary education at Boma Primary School before joining Benjamin Mkapa Secondary School in 2008.
Shetta discovered his music talents in 2009, when he was a dancer in a local group called Misifa Camp, under a popular singer and producer, Dully Sykes, for whom Shetta later became a backup singer. Eventually, Shetta managed to form his own musical group, Dar Stamina.
He released his debut single, "Mi Naplay", featuring one of Tanzania's hip-hop legends, MwanaFA. The fact that MwanaFA, who is an early name in the East African country's hip-hop scene, agreed to work with such a new artist, indicated that Shetta had star qualities, and was going to have a brilliant music career in the future. Like elsewhere in the world, established artists in Tanzania would only agree to collaborate with new artists who show great potential.
In 2010, Shetta officially released another single that introduced him well to the Tanzanian music scene, named "Nimechokwa", featuring leading local R&B star Belle9. The hit song earned him credibility and provided him with several opportunities to perform across Tanzania.
A year later, Shetta released another hit song, "Mdandanda", featuring two household names in Tanzania's bongo flava scene, Dully Sykes and Tundaman.
In 2012, he released another hit, "Nidanganye", featuring one of the biggest names in African music, Tanzania's own Diamond Platnumz.
In the same year, he released another single "Bonge la Bwana", featuring a top local female artist, Linah, followed by another hit song, "Sina Imani", featuring Rich Mavoko.
After a short hiatus, Shetta came up with another song in 2014, "Kerewa", featuring Diamond Platnumz, again. This single was such a huge success that it made its way to the MTV Africa Top 10, the continent's definitive top ten countdown. The chart is usually frequented by top artists from South Africa and Nigeria, and for an artist like Shetta who had been on the scene for barely five years, it meant Tanzania had now a new force to be reckoned with.
A year later, his successes caught the attention of music industry executives beyond Tanzanian borders, and he was signed to one of the leading record labels in the continent, Spice Africa. There, he had the opportunity to record a song with an international Nigerian music star, Kcee. The hit song, "Shikorobo", became an instant banger which officially introduced Shetta into the mainstream.
Lakeland Regional High School is a comprehensive regional four-year public high school and school district serving students from the Boroughs of Ringwood and Wanaque (including its Haskell neighborhood), communities in Passaic County, New Jersey, United States, which have a combined population of about 25,000.
Students come to the high school from the Ringwood Public School District and the Wanaque Borough Schools. Lakeland Regional High School is accredited by the State of New Jersey.[citation needed]
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group "FG", the fourth-highest of eight groupings. District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts. From lowest socioeconomic status to highest, the categories are A, B, CD, DE, FG, GH, I and J.
The high school has 115 professional staff members, with 60% having advanced degrees.  There are 95 teachers, five area supervisors, and four guidance counselors.  Lakeland also has a substance awareness coordinator, a complete child study team, a school nurse, a library-media specialist, an athletic trainer and several teacher aides.
Before the district was established, students from Ringwood had attended Butler High School. Students from Wanaque had attended Midland Park High School, with estimates that costs would be reduced by 20% once Lakeland HS was completed.
In the 2000-01 school year, Lakeland Regional High School was recognized as a New Jersey Best Practice School for its S.C.O.P.E., Search, S.T.E.P., and SOAR School-to-Career / Workplace Environment programs.
For the 1994-95 school year, Lakeland Regional High School was named a "Star School" by the New Jersey Department of Education, the highest honor that a New Jersey school can achieve.
As a requirement for graduation,  Lakeland students must complete 135 credits, demonstrate mastery of basic skills on the High School Proficiency Assessment (HSPA), and meet a variety of local and state distribution requirements.
Advanced Placement Program (AP) Courses include AP English Language and Composition, AP United States History, AP United States Government and Politics, AP Calculus AB, AP Computer Science, AP Biology, AP Chemistry, AP Environmental Science, AP Music Theory,  AP European History and AP Spanish Language.
Honors Courses are offered in English, Algebra 2, Geometry, Pre-calculus, Calculus, Spanish 4 & 5, French 4, Latin 4,  World History, US History, Biology, Chemistry, Physics, Earth Science, and Gifted and Talented Senior Seminar.
Electives are offered in most of the core subjects. The school provides practical experiences and a range of studies in the area of communication, transportation, energy and manufacturing.  Course offerings are provided in business education and family and consumer sciences.  Fine arts electives include music and art offerings.
The baseball team won the North I Group II state sectional title in 1962 and 1968, won the Group II title in 1974 vs. Lawrence High School and the Group III state championship in 1976 vs. Ridge High School. The 1974 team finished the season with a 25-3 record after winning the Group II title with a 5-4 victory in the championship game against a Lawrence team that came into the finals unbeaten in its previous 18 games.
The boys volleyball team won the overall state championship in 1988 (defeating runner-up St. Joseph High School in the final match of the tournament) and 1992 (vs. Bridgewater-Raritan High School).
In the wake of a $340,000 cut in state aid, the district eliminated the position of principal for the 2019-20 school year in a cost-saving measure.
 Neill statue Satyagraha was an agitation that took place in Madras Presidency, British India during the Indian Independence Movement. It took place in 1927 demanding the removal of the statue of Colonel James Neill situated at Mount Road (now Anna Salai) in Madras.
Neill's statue remained in the same place and was moved to the Ripon Building campus for a few years. In 1937, when the newly elected Congress government (under the 1935 act) of C. Rajagopalachari moved it to the Madras museum after a resolution demanding its removal was passed in the Madras Corporation. As of 2021, it still remains in the Anthropology section of the museum.
tRNA-intron lyase (EC 4.6.1.16, tRNA intron endonuclease, transfer ribonucleate intron endoribonuclease, tRNA splicing endonuclease, splicing endonuclease, tRNATRPintron endonuclease, transfer splicing endonuclease) is an enzyme. This enzyme catalyses the following chemical reaction:
This enzyme catalyses the final stage in the maturation of tRNA molecules. Its systematic name is pretRNA lyase (intron-removing; cyclic-2',3'-phosphate-forming).
Originally slated for April 26, 2011, the official release date was pushed back to May 10, 2011; however the band released the album on May 3 to fans who pre-ordered the album from the band's website, and the album was available for sale at the band's concerts prior to May 10.
All of the songs on the album had previously appeared on Blue October's studio albums, except for the track Colorado 5591, which the band had played at shows for years but never recorded.   The song is about Justin Furstenfeld's experience as a patient in a psychiatric hospital. The versions of the songs that appear on the album were selected by Blue October drummer Jeremy Furstenfeld, who is credited as the album's producer.
The album's cover is a photo of the marquee at the Paramount Theatre in Austin, Texas taken by Blue October roadie Dave Arnold.
The album peaked at No. 14 on the Billboard Independent Albums Chart, at No. 22 on the Top Rock Albums Chart, and No. 79 on the Billboard 200.
The 2019 Rugby World Cup Final was a rugby union match played on 2 November 2019 at the International Stadium Yokohama in Yokohama, Japan. It marked the culmination of the 2019 Rugby World Cup and was played between England and South Africa, a rematch of the 2007 Rugby World Cup Final.
Assistant referees: Romain Poite (France) Ben O'Keeffe (New Zealand)  Television match official: Ben Skeen (New Zealand)  Sideline official: Nigel Owens (Wales)
For unknown reasons, Ted DiBiase, who had no music of his own when the game was released, was given Girls in Cars, the theme music for the tag team  Strike Force (Tito Santana & Rick Martel). Andre the Giant, who also had no entrance music, was given the non-entrance WWF theme song Stand Back.
A scene in the 2008 film The Wrestler features a fictional NES game entitled Wrestle Jam '88. The fully functioning demo features a style inspired by WWF WrestleMania.
Paratomarctus was one of the last of the Borophaginae and shared its habitat with other canids, including Borophagus, Epicyon, Carpocyon, Aelurodon, and the true canine, Canis lepophagus. Fossils have been uncovered throughout most of the western United States.
This article related to prehistoric animals from order Carnivora is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Thomas Banks (born April 19, 1949 in New York City) is a theoretical physicist and professor at Rutgers University and University of California, Santa Cruz.
Their music is a blend of Scandinavian electronic music, Hip hop and classical Arabic, Persian and Turkic music traditions such as Mugam and Ashik. The texts and poetry used are historical and belong to a genre known as Meykhana. Those were found by Zuzu Zakaria at field-trips to Azerbaijan as a part of her MA Thesis for State University in Oslo. Her master's thesis is the only introductory study in English of the genre existing.
Chitumbo Mwali (born 1986) is a Zambian chess player. He was awarded the tile of International Master in 2007. 
He won the African Junior Chess Championship in 2006, and earned the silver medal on board four in the 2007 All-Africa Games.
After winning the Zambian Chess World Cup Qualifier in 2021, he qualified to play in the Chess World Cup 2021. Pre-tournament favourite Andrew Kayonde, trailing by 1.5 points with one round to go, pulled out after accusing the other 5 players of  colluding to deliberately lose against Mwali.
In the first round at the World Cup, Chitumbo lost the first game against the much higher-rated Haik M. Martirosyan before winning the second game to take the encounter to tiebreaks, where he was defeated 2-0 in the rapid games.
This article about a location in Hama Governorate, Syria is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This riding was created in 1914 from parts of St. Antoine and St. Lawrence ridings. It was initially defined to consist of St. Lawrence and St. George Wards of the city of Montreal. After 1924, it was defined with reference to various streets of Montreal.
The electoral district was abolished in 1966 when it was redistributed into Saint-Henri, Saint-Jacques and Westmount ridings.
This biographical article related to a Scottish midfielder is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Born in Auchterderran, Finlay played as a centre half for Bowhill Rovers, East Fife, Clyde and Raith Rovers, making a total of 476 appearances in the Scottish Football League.
After retiring from playing he became manager of Lochore Welfare. He died in 2014, at which time he had been the longest-living member of East Fife's 'golden era' between the 1930s and 1950s.
This biographical article related to association football in Scotland, about a defender born in the 1920s, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
At MIT, Watson was a PhD candidate in the laboratory of Klaus Biemann, one of the most notable experts in organic mass spectrometry at the time. As soon as he graduated from MIT, Watson reported for duty in the United States Air Force in the San Francisco Bay area. A friend of his from high school, introduced Watson to Judith Sjoberg. Not long after that, they were married and moved to Brooks Air Base in San Antonio, Texas. 
A friend of his from high school introduced Watson to Judith Sjoberg. Not long after that, they were married and moved to Brooks Air Base in San Antonio, Texas. They had two children in Nashville, Jennifer, born in 1970, and Brent born in 1972.[citation needed]
This biographical article about an American chemist is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This biographical article related to Vietnamese association football is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
It is said that these Chinook salmon had massive amounts of energy reserves. They also produced large amounts of offspring. Bob Heinith of the Columbia River Inter-Tribal Fish Commission stated that June hogs most likely migrated to the sea as very young fish before the age of one.
Teleiopsis baldiana is a moth of the family Gelechiidae described by William Barnes and August Busck in 1920. It is found in North America, where it has been recorded from California.
This article related to the moth subfamily Teleiodini is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Mike Sammes Singers remained active into the 1970s, producing recordings for television (The Secret Service) and appearing on the small screen (the Val Doonican Show, 1971). By the mid-1970s, though, the demand for backing vocals had faded considerably, due to the introduction of multi-tracking and synthesizers. On "The Last of the Summer Wine", the Mike Sammes Singers contributed the "Summer Wine" song over the opening credits of the Christmas 1983 episode "Getting Sam Home".
Sammes died at the age of 73 in May 2001, several months after a fall from which he never fully recovered. Jonny Trunk, of Trunk Records, was able to recover a number of reel-to-reel tapes from Sammes' house (despite it having been ransacked by house clearance), which he went on to compile as Music for Biscuits, so-named because it featured 1960s/1970s advertising jingles for Tuc biscuits, etc.[citation needed]
The Michael Sammes Singers members included: Mike Sammes, John O'Neill, Irene King, Enid Hurd (Enid Heard), Mike Redway, Ross Gilmour, Valerie Bain, Marion Gay and Mel Todd.[citation needed]
Wallingford is a town in Rutland County, Vermont, United States. The population was 2,079 at the 2010 census. Wallingford also contains the villages of East Wallingford and South Wallingford.
At the 2000 census there were 2,274 people, 905 households, and 651 families in the town.  The population density was 52.6 people per square mile (20.3/km2).  There were 1,040 housing units at an average density of 24.1 per square mile (9.3/km2).  The racial makeup of the town was 98.86% White, 0.13% Black or African American, 0.22% Asian, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 0.04% from other races, and 0.70% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.53%.
Of the 905 households 30.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.0% were married couples living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.0% were non-families. 22.9% of households were one person and 10.6% were one person aged 65 or older.  The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 2.92.
The age distribution was 23.4% under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 27.0% from 25 to 44, 30.3% from 45 to 64, and 13.7% 65 or older.  The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.2 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.1 males.
The median household income was $42,417 and the median family income  was $47,007. Males had a median income of $33,162 versus $24,141 for females. The per capita income for the town was $19,570.  About 3.8% of families and 5.9% of the population were below the poverty line, including 5.1% of those under age 18 and 11.4% of those age 65 or over.
This biographical article related to a Romanian association football defender is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about a property in Cass County, Missouri on the National Register of Historic Places is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Sveabreen is a glacier between Oscar II Land and James I Land at Spitsbergen, Svalbard. It has a length of 30 kilometer, stretching from Kongsvegpasset at an altitude about 750 meters, and debouching into Nordfjorden.
Herbert Barber served as state's attorney from 1898 to 1900, a member of the Vermont House of Representatives from 1908 to 1910, and a member of the Vermont State Senate from 1912 to 1914.
Barber died in Brattleboro on October 5, 1947.  He was buried at Meeting House Hill Cemetery in Brattleboro.
In 1909, Barber married Florence Whittier of Montpelier.  They were the parents of three children: Wendell, Elizabeth, and Clarence.
The swan mussel, Anodonta cygnea, is a large species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusc in the family Unionidae, the river mussels.
Because of its morphological variability and its wide range of distribution, there are over 500 synonyms for this species.
Its native distribution is European-Siberian. The geographical distribution of this species is from the British Isles east to Siberia, and south into northern Africa.
This species is found in rivers and lakes. They have a strong pungent odor and are used by carp fisherman as bait.
Videonystagmography (VNG) is a technology for testing inner ear and central motor functions, a process known as vestibular assessment. It involves the use of infrared goggles to trace eye movements during visual stimulation and positional changes. VNG can determine whether dizziness is caused by inner ear disease, particularly benign paroxysmal positional vertigo (BPPV), as opposed to some other cause such as low blood pressure or anxiety.
VNG testing is made up of several components. Patients are asked to wear goggles with sensitive video cameras in them to monitor eye movement. During the first portion of the testing, patients will be required to follow a dot on a screen with their eyes. The dot may go up, down, side to side, or jump around randomly. 
Another portion of the test requires the patient to sit in several different positions, such as lying flat staring up, head to the right, head to the left, body rolled to the right, and body rolled to the left. 
The Presidency of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad consists of the 9th and 10th governments of the Islamic Republic of Iran. Ahmadinejad's government began in August 2005 after his election as the 6th president of Iran and continued after his re-election in 2009. Ahmadinejad left office in August 2013 at the end of his second term. His administration was succeeded by the 11th government, led by Hassan Rouhani.
Ahmadinejad was not widely known when he entered the presidential election campaign, although he had already made his mark in Tehran for rolling back earlier reforms. He is a member of the Central Council of the Islamic Society of Engineers, but his key political support is inside the Alliance of Builders of Islamic Iran (Abadgaran or Developers).
Ahmadinejad generally sent mixed signals about his plans for his presidency, perhaps to attract both religious conservatives and the lower economic classes. His campaign slogan was: "It's possible and we can do it".
In the campaign, he took a populist approach. He emphasized his own modest life, and compared himself with Mohammad Ali Rajai, Iran's second president. Ahmadinejad said he planned to create an "exemplary government for the people of the world" in Iran. He was a "principlist", acting politically based on Islamic and revolutionary principles. One of his goals was "putting the petroleum income on people's tables", meaning Iran's oil profits would be distributed among the poor.
Ahmadinejad described Ayatollah Mohammad Taghi Mesbah Yazdi, a senior cleric from Qom as his ideological and spiritual mentor. Mesbah founded the  Haghani School of thought in Iran. He and his team strongly supported Ahmadinejad's 2005 presidential campaign.
Ahmadinejad won 62 percent of the vote in the run-off poll against Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani. Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei authorized his presidency on 3 August 2005. Ahmedinejad kissed Khamenei's hand during the ceremony to show his loyalty.
On 23 August 2008, Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei announced that he "sees Ahmadinejad as president in the next five years," a comment interpreted as indicating support for Ahmadinejad's reelection. 39,165,191 ballots were cast in the election on 12 June 2009, according to Iran's election headquarters. Ahmadinejad won 24,527,516 votes, (62.63%). In second place, Mir-Hossein Mousavi, won 13,216,411 (33.75%) of the votes. The election drew unprecedented public interest in Iran.
The June 12 presidential election ruined the dominance of wealth, political party system and media as tools of the hegemonic system and presented a new role model to the human race.
While his government had 275 thousand billion toman oil income, the highest in Iranian history, Ahmadinejad's government had the highest budget deficit since the Iranian revolution.
During his presidency, Ahmadinejad launched a gas rationing plan to reduce the country's fuel consumption. He also instituted cuts in the interest rates that private and public banking facilities could charge. He issued a directive, according to which the Management and Planning Organization should be affiliated to the government.
In 2008, the government sent the "Family Protection Bill" to the Iranian parliament. Women's rights activists criticized the bill for removing protections from women, such as the requirement that a husband obtain his wife's consent before bringing another wife into the family.
In April 2007, the Tehran police, which is under Khamenei's supervision, began a crackdown on women with "improper hijab." This led to criticism from associates of Ahmadinejad.
In 2006, the [Ahmadinejad] government reportedly forced numerous Iranian scientists and university professors to resign or to retire. It has been referred to as "second cultural revolution". The policy has been said to replace old professors with younger ones. Some university professors received letters indicating their early retirement unexpectedly. In November 2006, 53 university professors had to retire from Iran University of Science and Technology.
One thousand students also protested the day before to denounce the increased pressure on the reformist groups at the university. One week prior, more than two thousand students protested at Tehran University on the country's annual student day, with speakers saying that there had been a crackdown on dissent at universities since Ahmadinejad was elected.
Ahmadinejad has been criticized for attacking private "plunderers" and "corrupt officials," while engaging in "cronyism and political favouritism". Many of his close associates have been appointed to positions for which they have no obvious qualifications, and "billion dollar no-bid contracts" have been awarded to the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC), an organization with which he is strongly associated.
It has been widely alleged in the media that Ahmadinejad, during a 2005 speech, stated that Israel should be "wiped off the map". This phrase is an English idiomatic expression which implies physical destruction.
According to Juan Cole, a University of Michigan Professor of Modern Middle East and South Asian History, Ahmadinejad's statement was inaccurately translated; Cole suggests that a more accurate translation would be:
The Imam said that this regime occupying Jerusalem (een rezhim-e ishghalgar-e qods) must [vanish] from the page of time (bayad az safheh-ye ruzgar mahv shavad).
In a June 11, 2006 analysis of the translation controversy, New York Times deputy foreign editor and Israeli resident Ethan Bronner argued that Ahmadinejad had called for Israel to be wiped off the map. After noting the objections of critics such as Cole, Bronner stated:
While this translation is quite similar to Professor Cole's version, it does use the word "eliminated" rather than "vanish", which is consistent with Bronner's suggestion that an "active" verb would more accurately reflect the original Persian.
 "the Zionist Regime that is a usurper and illegitimate regime and a cancerous tumor should be wiped off the map."
"The Zionist regime is in a total dead end and, God willing, this desire will soon be realized and the epitome of perversion will disappear off the face of the world."
 "You should know that the criminal and terrorist Zionist regime which has 60 years of plundering, aggression and crimes in its file has reached the end of its work and will soon disappear off the geographical scene"
Conservative MP Rafat Bayat has blamed Ahmadinejad for a decline in observance of the required hijab for women, calling him "not that strict on this issue". Ahmadinejad has been also accused of indecency by people close to Rafsanjani, after he publicly kissed the hand of a woman who used to be his school teacher.
In another statement the next year, Ahmadinejad proclaimed (without consulting the clerics before hand), that women should be allowed into football stadiums to watch male football clubs compete. This proclamation "was quickly overruled" by clerical authorities, one of whom, Grand Ayatollah Mohammad Fazel Lankarani "refused for weeks to meet with President Ahmadinejad" in early 2007.
In July 2009, the general court of Tehran convicted Industry Minister Ali Akbar Mehrabian and Mousa Mazloum but kept silent about Mahmoud Ahmadinejad's involvement, according to Etemad-Melli daily. According to the BBC, Ahmadinejad is named as an author on the cover of the book in which the fraudulent claim was made.
During Ahmadinejad's presidency, Iran and the US have had the most high-profile contact in almost 30 years. Iran and the US froze diplomatic relations in 1980 and had no direct diplomatic contact until May 2007.
Ahmadinejad invited Bush to a debate at the United Nations General Assembly, which was to take place on 19 September 2006. The debate was to be about Iran's right to enrich uranium. The invitation was rejected by White House spokesman Tony Snow, who said "There's not going to be a steel-cage grudge match between the President and Ahmadinejad."
On November 2006, Ahmadinejad wrote an open letter to the American people, representing some of his anxieties and concerns. He stated that there is an urgency to have a dialog because of the activities of the US administration in the Middle East, and that the US is concealing the truth about current realities.
In a speech given in April 2008, Ahmadinejad described the September 11, 2001 attacks as a "suspect event." He minimized the attacks by saying all that had happened was, "a building collapsed." He claimed that the death toll was never published, that the victims' names were never published, and that the attacks were used subsequently as pretext for the invasions of Afghanistan and Iraq.
On 26 October 2005 Ahmadinejad gave a speech at a conference in Tehran entitled "World Without Zionism". According to widely published translations, he agreed with a statement he attributed to Ayatollah Khomeini that the "occupying regime" had to be removed, and referred to it as a "disgraceful stain [on] the Islamic world", that needed to be "wiped from the pages of history."
Ahmadinejad has sought to develop ties with other world leaders that are also opposed to U.S. foreign policy and influence like Hugo Chavez of Venezuela. Venezuela voted in favor of Iran's nuclear program before the United Nations, and both governments have sought to develop more bilateral trade. As of 2006, the ties between the two countries are strategic rather than economic; Venezuela is still not one of Iran's major trading partners.
Immediately after the Islamic Revolution, Iran's relations with most of its neighbors, particularly those with large Shi'a  minorities, were severely strained. Ahmadinejad's priority in the region has been to improve ties with most of Iran's neighbors in order to strengthen Iran's status and influence in both the Middle East and Greater Muslim World. 
Iran's ties to Syria have been most notable in the West. Both nations have had to deal with international and regional isolation. Both have cordial ties to the militant group, Hezbollah, and concerns over Iran-Syria relations were further exacerbated following the 2006 Lebanon War, which both Ahmadinejad and President Assad claimed as a victory over Israel.
Ahmadinejad has also tried to develop stronger, more intimate ties with both Afghanistan and Pakistan, to ensure "regional stability." In particular, Ahmadinejad is interested in more bilateral talks between Iran and both Afghanistan and Pakistan. His administration has helped establish the "peace pipeline" from Iran that will eventually fuel both Pakistan and India. In theory, the plan will help to integrate South Asian economies, and, thus to calm tensions between Pakistan and India.
Ahmadinejad met foreign minister Elmar Mammadyarov of Azerbaijan to discuss increased cooperation between the two nations. Mammadyarov also expressed desire to expand the North-South corridor between Iran and Azerbaijan and to launch cooperative projects for power plant construction. Iran has also redoubled efforts to forge ties with Armenia; during Ahmadinejad's visit in October 2007 the discussions were focused on developing energy ties between the two countries.
Ahmadinejad was the first Iranian president to visit Iraq. Ahmadinejad, in Baghdad 2 March 2008 for the start of a historic two-day trip, said that "visiting Iraq without the dictator Saddam Hussein is a good thing." Heading home after a two-day visit to Iraq, Ahmadinejad again touted his country's closer relations with Iraq and reiterated his criticism of the United States.
On September 23, 2009, Ahmadinejad gave a speech to the UN General Assembly which focused on accusing Western powers of spreading "war, bloodshed, aggression, terror and intimidation" in the Middle East and Afghanistan. He also promised that Tehran was "prepared to warmly shake all those hands which are honestly extended to us". But he accused the West of hypocrisy - saying it preached democracy yet violated its fundamental principles - and added that it was time for the world to respond.
"The awakening of nations and the expansion of freedom worldwide will no longer allow them to continue their hypocrisy and vicious attitudes," he said.
He also spoke out against Israel for its "barbaric" attack on the Gaza Strip, "inhuman policies" in the Palestinian territories and what he called its domination of world political and economic affairs.the end of which focused largely on the plight of the people of Palestine and a blaming of Israel, though without mentioning the nation or Jews, referring only to "the occupiers" and "the Zionist regime".
"How can the crimes of the occupiers against defenseless women and children... be supported unconditionally by certain governments," Ahmadinejad asked. "And at the same time, the oppressed men and women be subject to genocide and heaviest economic blockade being denied their basic needs, food, water and medicine?"
"...there are two opinions on this in Europe. One group of scholars or persons, most of them politically motivated, say the Holocaust occurred. Then there is the group of scholars who represent the opposite position and have therefore been imprisoned for the most part."
In his September 2007 appearance at Columbia University, Ahmadinejad stated "I'm not saying that it didn't happen at all. This is not judgment that I'm passing here" and that the Holocaust should be left open to debate and research like any other historical event.
In response to some of Ahmadinejad's controversial statements and actions, a variety of sources, including the U.S. Senate, have accused Ahmadinejad of anti-Semitism. Ahmadinejad's September 2008 speech to the UN General Assembly, in which he dwelled on what he described as Zionist control of international finance, was also denounced as "blatant anti-Semitism" by German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier.
American President Barack Obama posed a direct challenge to Ahmadinejad during his June 2009 visit to Buchenwald concentration camp, saying that Ahmadinejad "should make his own visit" to the camp and that "[t]his place is the ultimate rebuke to such thoughts, a reminder of our duty to confront those who would tell lies about our history".
In October 2008, Ahmadinejad's statements on the Holocaust were criticized within Iran by cleric and presidential hopeful Mahdi Karroubi.
Khamenei's main adviser in foreign policy, Ali Akbar Velayati, refused to take part in Ahmadinejad's Holocaust conference. In contrast to Ahmadinejad's remarks, Velayati said that the Holocaust was a genocide and a historical reality.
 Ahmadinejad has denied allegations of Holocaust denial and acknowledged that it seems the West is right in its claim of the Holocaust:
 Shiraz Dossa, a professor at St. Francis Xavier University, in Nova Scotia, Canada, argued in June 2007 that
 Dossa was criticized in Canadian media, by university president Sean Riley, and by 105 professors at his university for his attendance at Tehran's Holocaust conference. Dossa replied he did not know Holocaust deniers would be in attendance, that he has "never denied the Holocaust, only noted its propaganda power", and that the university should respect his academic freedom to participate.
Ahmadinejad announced controversial ministerial appointments for his second term. Esfandiar Rahim Mashaei was briefly appointed as first vice president, but opposed by a number of Majlis members and by the intelligence minister, Gholam-Hossein Mohseni-Eje'i. Mashaei followed orders to resign. Ahmadinejad then appointed Mashaei as chief of staff, and fired Mohseni-Eje'i.
On 26 July 2009, Ahmadinejad's government faced a legal problem after he sacked four ministers. Iran's constitution (Article 136) stipulates that, if more than half of its members are replaced, the cabinet may not meet or act before the Majlis approves the revised membership. The Vice Chairman of the Majlis announced that no cabinet meetings or decisions would be legal, pending such a re-approval.
This article shows all participating team squads at the 2011 FIVB Women's Club World Championship, held from October 8 to 14, 2011 in Doha, Qatar.
The Catalina Island bison herd consists of American bison on Catalina Island off the coast of Southern California. In the 1920s to 1930s, several bison were brought onto Catalina Island for a movie. The bison are popular with the tourists and buildings have painted images of bison and bison weather vanes. Over the decades, the bison herd grew to as many as 600. The population currently numbers approximately 150.
Biologists found that the bison are not purebred; their ancestry includes genes from the cattle, as well as smaller size, different length of legs, jaw length overbite, low fertility, and behavioral problems (such as punctuated walking in tight circles).
The scientific study determined that a herd of between 150 and 200 would be good for the bison, and ecologically sound for the island. Beginning in 2009, the herd was given animal birth control to maintain the population at around 150 animals.
With the herd numbering around 100 animals in 2020 and no new bison births in several years, Catalina Island Conservancy made the decision to introduce two pregnant female bison by the end of the year. The new additions will enhance the genetics of the current bison population on the Island.
On August 26, 2015, a contract worker from American Conservation Experience was injured by a bison while working near Tower Peak on Catalina Island. On February 17, 2018, a man camping at the Little Harbor Campground was gored by a bison.
 The Scarborough by-election of 1869 was fought on 12 March 1869.  The by-election was fought due to the death of the incumbent Liberal MP Sir John Vanden-Bempde-Johnstone.  It was won by the unopposed Liberal candidate Sir Harcourt Vanden-Bempde-Johnstone.
This by-elections to the Parliament of the United Kingdom in England-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
He was born in Flat Islands, Bonavista Bay and worked as a teacher in Catalina and Greenspond. In 1923, he was appointed to a position in the Customs department and moved to St. John's. He began writing poetry later in life and published a small volume of poems in 1952.
This article about a Newfoundland and Labrador politician is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
"Hell-O" introduces special guest stars Idina Menzel as Shelby Corcoran, the coach of Vocal Adrenaline, and Jonathan Groff as Jesse St. James, the group's lead singer. Glee fans had previously lobbied for Menzel to be cast as Rachel's biological mother. The episode features cover versions of six songs, five of which were released as singles, available for digital download.
When Emma later confronts Will with a copy of his high school yearbook, confirming that "Hello Again" was his and Terri's song, he is apologetic. He and Emma decide to put their relationship on hold in order to deal with their separate issues. New Directions performs "Hello, Goodbye", with Emma watching.
The episode received mixed reviews from critics. Lisa Respers France of CNN was pleased with the series' return, and praised the "drama, treachery, tension, romance, and best of all, the diabolical deliciousness that is Cheerio coach Sue Sylvester." Emily VanDerWerff of The A.V. Club graded the episode "A-". She felt that "Hell-O" had "clumsy moments" but overall found it "a vastly enjoyable hour of television, reintroducing a show that's starting to realize just how far it can go."
Donghae City is located in the central region of the east coast of Korea in Gangwon-do. Jeongseon county to the west and Gangneung city to the north. It contains the southern terminus of the Donghae Expressway, and the No. 7 national way passes through the city.
The city is mostly mountainous and has natural resources such as Mureung Valley and beautiful beaches.  Here, the high Taebaek Mountains lie along the eastern coast, preventing rivers from meeting the coast. However, in the rainy season, spontaneous water flow is possible.
Donghae area and its neighborhood are a free industry zone. From this, Gangwon province and Donghae city has overtaken team for investment.
A cruise ferry line connecting Russia, South Korea and Japan opened in the summer of 2008. DBS Ferry currently transits between Donghae, Sakaiminato, Tottori and Vladivostok.
Several places of the mountain range are covered with sand which is blown over by sandstorms. The average yearly rainfall in this area of the Namib amounts to just a few millimeters.
The bushes to be found in the mountains just survive because of the mist, which sometimes is formed above the cold Atlantic and then during daytime drifts far into the desert. The few camel thorn trees take their water from deep underground accumulations.
Hill was born in Limerick and educated at Trinity College, Dublin. He was  Rector of Drishane from 1803 to 1814; and Archdeacon of Limerick from 1814 until his death.
Springhill is a city in northern Webster Parish, Louisiana, United States. The population was 5,279 at the 2010 census, a decrease of 160 since 2000. Springhill is part of the Minden Micropolitan Statistical Area though it is thirty miles north of Minden, the seat of government of Webster Parish. The Springhill population is 34 percent African American, compared to 25 percent minority in 2000.
The 1979 film Five Days from Home, which was directed by and starred George Peppard, was filmed primarily in Springhill. Peppard's third wife, Sherry Boucher, is a Springhill native; her father, Jesse L. Boucher was a businessman and developer who served as mayor of Springhill.
Springhill City Hall is located opposite the Springhill Civic Center, a meeting hall which cost $500,000 and was financed in the late 1960s under a voter-approved bond issue, with millage taxes levied against property owners.
A new plant in north Springhill is Tucker Lumber Company, a sawmill, crosstie trimming, and end-plate facility.
After it purchased the plywood mill from International Paper, Georgia Pacific closed the plant. Another major employer, Trane, which manufactures air-conditioning components, relocated to Mexico.
There has been an expansion of the retail and service industries and improvement in the municipal infrastructure. Downtown Main Street has been revitalized with aesthetic improvements, new businesses, and renovation of the Springhill branch of the Webster Parish Library. The city still has a theater, The Spring.
A formerly abandoned grocery store was converted into the Frank Anthony Community Activity Center, which hosts community events and occasional concerts by such music icons as Willie Nelson and Springhill native Joe Stampley.
The former campus of the Georgia Howell Elementary School, built in 1956, has been closed because of unsafe building conditions. The pupils formerly assigned there now attend Browning or Brown Middle.
There were 2,258 households, out of which 26.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.6% were married couples living together, 15.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.2% were non-families. 31.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.90.
In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.8% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 23.8% from 25 to 44, 22.2% from 45 to 64, and 21.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.8 males.
The median income for a household in the city was $27,102, and the median income for a family was $35,540. Males had a median income of $29,757 versus $17,750 for females. The per capita income for the city was $16,447. About 14.6% of families and 20.2% of the population were below the poverty line, including 29.6% of those under age 18 and 12.6% of those age 65 or over.
Caleb Rowden is an American politician. He is a member of the Missouri State Senate, having served since 2017. A member of the Republican Party, Rowden previously served in the Missouri House of Representatives from 2013 to 2017. In November 2018, Rowden was elected by his Republican colleagues to be the majority leader in the Missouri Senate's 2019 session.
Rowden was first elected in 2017, and he was chosen to be the Majority Leader for the 2019 session. 
Rowden is married to Aubrey Rowden, the co-owner of Love Tree Studios, a wedding photography company. They have two children. Rowden himself owns Clarius Interactive, a media and marketing company. He attended the University of Missouri, Columbia.
The Ultimate Fighter 26 (also known as  The Ultimate Fighter: A New World Champion) is an installment of the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC)-produced reality television series The Ultimate Fighter.
Tryouts were announced on May 3, scheduled for 20 days later. This season will exclusively feature the women's flyweight division, with the goal of crowning the UFC's inaugural 125-pound champion in the season's finale. All women who were currently on the UFC roster were allowed to submit their names for the tournament, as were females unsigned by the UFC.
The news came just months after UFC president Dana White told reporters in Las Vegas that the UFC had no plans to institute any further women's divisions in 2017 other than women's featherweight. It also canceled plans the UFC previously had to hold a TUF 26 casting call for women's strawweight, women's bantamweight, and men's middleweight.
The coaches for this season were announced on July 13, pitting former two-time Bellator Lightweight Champion and former UFC Lightweight Champion Eddie Alvarez against former WSOF Lightweight Champion Justin Gaethje. The cast was officially announced on August 5, including inaugural Invicta FC Flyweight Champion Barb Honchak, The Ultimate Fighter: Team Rousey vs. Team Tate contestant Roxanne Modafferi and former Invicta FC Bantamweight Champion and current UFC fighter Lauren Murphy.
* Eubanks was pulled from the tournament finale on the day of the weigh ins due to medical reasons. She was replaced by Roxanne Modafferi.
The Ultimate Fighter 26 Finale (also known as The Ultimate Fighter: A New World Champion Finale) was a mixed martial arts event produced by the Ultimate Fighting Championship that was held on December 1, 2017, at Park Theater in Paradise, Nevada, part of the Las Vegas metropolitan area.
At the weigh ins, Karine Gevorgyan weighed in at 130 pounds, 4 pounds over the flyweight non-title fight upper limit of 126 pounds. As such, the bout proceeded at a catchweight and Gevorgyan forfeited 30% of her purse to her opponent Rachael Ostovich.
The following is the reported payout to the fighters as reported to the Nevada State Athletic Commission. It does not include sponsor money and also does not include the UFC's traditional "fight night" bonuses. The total disclosed payout for the event was $553,000.
^ Both fighters earned show money; bout declared majority draw. ^^ Karine Gevorgyan was fined 30 percent of her purse ($3,000) for failing to make the required weight for her fight with Rachel Ostovich-Berdon. That money was issued to Ostovich-Berdon, an NSAC official confirmed.
UFC 218: Holloway vs. Aldo 2 was held on December 2, 2017, at Little Caesars Arena in Detroit, Michigan.
Pseudoplectania is a genus of fungi in the family Sarcosomataceae. The genus contains 12 species. Pseudoplectania ryvardenii was described in 2012, while Pseudoplectania carranzae was transferred to the genus (from Plectania) in 2013.
Another Mayberry is the first studio album by Colorado rock band Big Head Todd and the Monsters, released in 1989.  The album was released on the band's own Big Records, which also released their second album Midnight Radio the following year.
After the success of the band's third album and first major label effort Sister Sweetly, Warner Bros. Records re-released Another Maybery in 1994.
Henri Bertrand was a Belgian racing cyclist. He won the Belgian national road race title in 1897 and 1898.
This biographical article relating to Belgian cycling is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Arya Vidyapeeth College is a liberal science, arts and commerce college established in the year 1958 at Gopinath Nagar of Kamrup district in Assam. The college is affiliated to Gauhati University.
In 2016 the college has been awarded 'A' grade by the National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC). The college is also recognised by University Grants Commission (India).
In North Macedonia, the most common religion is Eastern Orthodox Christianity, practiced by most of the ethnic Macedonians. The vast majority of the Eastern Orthodox in the country belong to the Macedonian Orthodox Church, which declared autocephaly from the Serbian Orthodox Church in 1967.
Muslims are the second-largest religious group with almost one-third of the population adhering to Islam, mainly from the country's Albanian, Roma and Turkish minorities. There are also many other religious groups in North Macedonia, including the Catholicism, Protestantism, and Judaism.
In 2011, through a survey carried out by Ipsos MORI, the religious composition of North Macedonia was found to be 70.7% Christian, divided in 69.6% Eastern Orthodox and 0.4% Catholics and Protestants, and 28.6% Muslim, with unaffiliated Muslims making up the 25.6%.
In 2001 the Holy See established the Byzantine Catholic Apostolic Exarchate of Macedonia. Currently, members of the Macedonian Catholic Church number about 11,266. It is a Byzantine Rite sui juris particular church in full communion with Pope and the rest of the Catholic Church, alongside the Eastern Catholic Churches and uses Macedonian in the liturgy.
There are a number of Protestants in North Macedonia. In the late 19th and early 20th centuries, American missionaries converted villages in the Strumica-Petrich region to Methodism, a faith still practiced. There is also a small community of Macedonian Baptists which has existed since 1928.
The laws of North Macedonia prohibit religious discrimination and provide for equal rights for all citizens regardless religious belief, and people generally have the freedom to practice their religion without disruption. Religious organizations have complained about unfair treatment by the government around questions of building permits and property restitutions. There have been incidences of vandalism and theft against religious buildings.
Martha Ann Cassell Thompson (1925 -1968) was a member of the prominent Cassell Family of African-American architects. She was the chief restoration architect for the Washington National Cathedral.
Martha Cassell Thompson was also a skilled pianist, and organized the Social Services Committee for the YWCA.
In 1948 Martha Cassell married Dr. Victor Thompson, who was a medical student at Meharry Medical College. They had one child, Karen Thompson, in 1949, who trained at Illinois Institute of Technology and became the third generation of architects. Martha Cassell Thompson died in 1968, and is buried at the Lincoln Memorial Cemetery, Suitland, Maryland.
Yahya ibn Zikrawayh, also known under his assumed name Sahib al-Naqa ("Master of the She-camel"), was a Qarmatian leader in the Syrian Desert in the early years of the 10th century.
From this base they began launching raids against the Abbasid and Tulunid provinces of Syria, with devastating effect. In 902, the Qarmatians defeated the Tulunids under Tughj ibn Juff near Raqqa, and laid siege to Damascus. The city was successfully held by Tughj, and Yahya was killed. Leadership passed to his brother, who assumed the title "Man with the Mole", and led the Qarmatians until his defeat, capture and execution after the Battle of Hama in November 903.
Zikrawayh, the brothers' father, also rebelled in 906 near Kufa but was killed in the next year during an attack on the hajj caravan. With these defeats, the Qarmatian movement virtually ceased to exist in the Syrian Desert, although their counterparts in Bahrayn remained an active threat for several decades to come.
Udo Lehmann (born 28 May 1973) is a German bobsledder who competed from 1994 to 2004. He won two medals in the four-man event at the FIBT World Championships with a gold in 2004 and a bronze in 1995.
This biographical article relating to German bobsleigh is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Kokoro no Hoshi debuted at #12 on the weekly Oricon albums chart, selling 11,802 copies in its first week.
Taylor Constantine Averill (born March 5, 1992) is an American volleyball player, member of the United States men's national volleyball team, 2021 French Champion. Bronze medalist of the 2018 World Championship. On club level, he plays for Polish team Indykpol AZS Olsztyn.
This biographical article relating to volleyball in the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
San Benedetto is a small, Roman Catholic former parish church, then oratory, located in a piazza of the same name just off the piazza of the Duomo of Florence, region of Tuscany, Italy.
The church was founded around the year 1000, but transferred from parish to a confraternity. It was suppressed in 1771, and still retains a chapel with an altarpiece depicting the Miracle of San Zanobi, attributed to Bernardo Veracini.
Bakri's eventual replacement as governor, Major General Jaafar Mohammed Saad, was assassinated in December 2015.
On 20 May 2014, two bombs exploded in Jos, Plateau State, Nigeria, killing at least 118  people and injuring more than 56 others. The first bombing occurred in a marketplace, and the second near a bus station. Though no group or individual has claimed responsibility, the attacks have been attributed to Boko Haram.
Christians and Muslims had several confrontations in Jos in years preceding the bombings, and militant group Boko Haram was also active prior to the attack. In 2012, multiple churches were bombed by Boko Haram in order to try to start a religious conflict between Christians and Muslims. In the month prior to the attack, Boko Haram abducted over 200 schoolgirls, though Jos had two significant attacks since 2012.  One day after the bombings 27 were killed in village attacks.
Barlow Der Mugrdechian has traveled extensively in the Middle East and Armenia and is fluent in Armenian (both Classical and Modern), Russian, Turkish, English and French.
In mathematics, a topological vector space (also called a linear topological space and commonly abbreviated TVS or t.v.s.) is one of the basic structures investigated in functional analysis.  A topological vector space is a vector space (an algebraic structure) which is also a topological space, this implies that vector space operations be continuous functions.  More specifically, its topological space has a uniform topological structure, allowing a notion of uniform convergence.
The elements of topological vector spaces are typically functions or linear operators acting on topological vector spaces, and the topology is often defined so as to capture a particular notion of convergence of sequences of functions.
Unless stated otherwise, the underlying field of a topological vector space is assumed to be either the complex numbers      C    {\displaystyle \mathbb {C} }   or the real numbers      R  .   {\displaystyle \mathbb {R} .}  
Every normed vector space has a natural topological structure: the norm induces a metric and the metric induces a topology.  This is a topological vector space because:
Some authors (for example, Walter Rudin) require the topology on     X   {\displaystyle X}   to be T1; it then follows that the space is Hausdorff, and even Tychonoff.  A topological vector space is said to be separated if it is Hausdorff; importantly, "separated" does not mean separable.  The topological and linear algebraic structures can be tied together even more closely with additional assumptions, the most common of which are listed below.
The category of topological vector spaces over a given topological field      K    {\displaystyle \mathbb {K} }   is commonly denoted TVS     K    {\displaystyle \mathbb {K} }   or TVect     K    {\displaystyle \mathbb {K} }  .  The objects are the topological vector spaces over      K    {\displaystyle \mathbb {K} }   and the morphisms are the continuous      K    {\displaystyle \mathbb {K} }  -linear maps from one object to another.
A TVS embedding or a topological monomorphism is an injective topological homomorphism. Equivalently, a TVS-embedding is a linear map that is also a topological embedding.
A TVS isomorphism or an isomorphism in the category of TVSs is a bijective linear homeomorphism. Equivalently, it is a surjective TVS embedding
Many properties of TVSs that are studied, such as local convexity, metrizability, completeness, and normability, are invariant under TVS isomorphisms.
If       B     {\displaystyle {\mathcal {B}}}   satisfies the above two conditions but is not a filter base then it will form a neighborhood subbasis at     0   {\displaystyle 0}   (rather than a neighborhood basis) for a vector topology on     X .   {\displaystyle X.}  
In general, the set of all balanced and absorbing subsets of a vector space does not satisfy the conditions of this theorem and does not form a neighborhood basis at the origin for any vector topology.
Summative sequences of sets have the particularly nice property that they define non-negative continuous real-valued subadditive functions.  These functions can then be used to prove many of the basic properties of topological vector spaces.
Defining vector topologies using collections of strings is particularly useful for defining classes of TVSs that are not necessarily locally convex.
One of the most used properties of vector topologies is that every vector topology is translation invariant:
Every neighborhood of 0 is an absorbing set and contains an open balanced neighborhood of     0   {\displaystyle 0}   so every topological vector space has a local base of absorbing and balanced sets.  The origin even has a neighborhood basis consisting of closed balanced neighborhoods of 0; if the space is locally convex then it also has a neighborhood basis consisting of closed convex balanced neighborhoods of 0.
Every totally bounded set is bounded.  If     M   {\displaystyle M}   is a vector subspace of a TVS     X ,   {\displaystyle X,}   then a subset of     M   {\displaystyle M}   is bounded in     M   {\displaystyle M}   if and only if it is bounded in     X .   {\displaystyle X.}  
A TVS is pseudometrizable if and only if it has a countable neighborhood basis at the origin, or equivalent, if and only if its topology is generated by an F-seminorm. A TVS is metrizable if and only if it is Hausdorff and pseudometrizable.
More strongly: a topological vector space is said to be normable if its topology can be induced by a norm.  A topological vector space is normable if and only if it is Hausdorff and has a convex bounded neighborhood of     0.   {\displaystyle 0.}  
Let      K    {\displaystyle \mathbb {K} }   be a non-discrete locally compact topological field, for example the real or complex numbers.  A Hausdorff topological vector space over      K    {\displaystyle \mathbb {K} }   is locally compact if and only if it is finite-dimensional, that is, isomorphic to       K   n     {\displaystyle \mathbb {K} ^{n}}   for some natural number     n .   {\displaystyle n.}  
Every Cauchy sequence is bounded, although Cauchy nets and Cauchy filters may not be bounded.  A topological vector space where every Cauchy sequence converges is called sequentially complete; in general, it may not be complete (in the sense that all Cauchy filters converge).
The vector space operation of addition is uniformly continuous and an open map. Scalar multiplication is Cauchy continuous but in general, it is almost never uniformly continuous.  Because of this, every topological vector space can be completed and is thus a dense linear subspace of a complete topological vector space.
By F. Riesz's theorem, a Hausdorff topological vector space is finite-dimensional if and only if it is locally compact, which happens if and only if it has a compact neighborhood of the origin. 
A linear operator between two topological vector spaces which is continuous at one point is continuous on the whole domain.  Moreover, a linear operator     f   {\displaystyle f}   is continuous if     f ( X )   {\displaystyle f(X)}   is bounded (as defined below) for some neighborhood     X   {\displaystyle X}   of the origin.
A hyperplane on a topological vector space     X   {\displaystyle X}   is either dense or closed.  A linear functional     f   {\displaystyle f}   on a topological vector space     X   {\displaystyle X}   has either dense or closed kernel.  Moreover,     f   {\displaystyle f}   is continuous if and only if its kernel is closed.
Depending on the application additional constraints are usually enforced on the topological structure of the space.  In fact, several principal results in functional analysis fail to hold in general for topological vector spaces: the closed graph theorem, the open mapping theorem, and the fact that the dual space of the space separates points in the space.
The open convex subsets of a TVS     X   {\displaystyle X}   (not necessarily Hausdorff or locally convex) are exactly those that are of the form 
If     K   {\displaystyle K}   is an absorbing disk in a TVS     X   {\displaystyle X}   and if     p :=  p  K     {\displaystyle p:=p_{K}}   is the Minkowski functional of     K   {\displaystyle K}   then
If     S   {\displaystyle S}   is a disk in     X   {\displaystyle X}   that has non-empty interior then the origin belongs to the interior of     S .   {\displaystyle S.}   However, a closed balanced subset of     X   {\displaystyle X}   with non-empty interior may fail to contain the origin in its interior.
Every relatively compact set is totally bounded and the closure of a totally bounded set is totally bounded.  The image of a totally bounded set under a uniformly continuous map (such as a continuous linear map for instance) is totally bounded. If     S   {\displaystyle S}   is a subset of a TVS     X   {\displaystyle X}   such that every sequence in     S   {\displaystyle S}   has a cluster point in     S   {\displaystyle S}   then     S   {\displaystyle S}   is totally bounded.
The closure of any convex (respectively, any balanced, any absorbing) subset of any TVS has this same property. In particular, the closure of any convex, balanced, and absorbing subset is a barrel. 
In a locally convex space, convex hulls of bounded sets are bounded. This is not true for TVSs in general.
In a general TVS, the closed convex hull of a compact set may fail to be compact.  The balanced hull of a compact (resp. totally bounded) set has that same property.  The convex hull of a finite union of compact convex sets is again compact and convex.
A disk in a TVS is not nowhere dense if and only if its closure is a neighborhood of the origin.  A vector subspace of a TVS that is closed but not open is nowhere dense.
Suppose     X   {\displaystyle X}   is a TVS that does not carry the indiscrete topology. Then     X   {\displaystyle X}   is a Baire space if and only if     X   {\displaystyle X}   has no balanced absorbing nowhere dense subset.
In any non-trivial vector space     X ,   {\displaystyle X,}   there exist two disjoint non-empty convex subsets whose union is     X .   {\displaystyle X.}  
The following table, the color of each cell indicates whether or not a given property of subsets of     X   {\displaystyle X}   (indicated by the column name, "convex" for instance) is preserved under the set operator (indicated by the row's name, "closure" for instance).  If in every TVS, a property is preserved under the indicated set operator then that cell will be colored green; otherwise, it will be colored red.
This biographical article relating to a Polish basketball figure is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Liu was born in Harbin, China, on April 19, 1989 and immigrated to Canada at the age of five after being raised by his grandparents for the first four years of his life. He was raised in Erin Mills, an area of Mississauga, Ontario, and is an only child. He attended University of Toronto Schools for high school and studied business administration at the Ivey Business School at the University of Western Ontario, graduating with honours in 2011. 
Liu initially worked as an accountant at Deloitte but was dissatisfied with his career and was eventually laid off. He began to explore other career options and decided to pursue a career as an actor and stuntman.
Liu got his start in acting working as an extra and stuntman, appearing in movies and music videos such as Guillermo del Toro's Pacific Rim and Avicii's I Could Be The One.  His other early onscreen credits include Nikita (2012) and Beauty and the Beast (2014). He appeared as a stuntman in Sick: Survive the Night (2012) and the TV miniseries Heroes Reborn. 
Later in 2015, Liu was cast in his first main role as Jung Kim in CBC's popular sitcom Kim's Convenience, the TV adaptation of a popular play of the same name. It remains his most notable television success to date, with the series being nominated for and winning multiple awards internationally, including "Best Comedy Series" at the 2018 Canadian Screen Awards and "Most Popular Foreign Drama" at the 2019 Seoul International Drama Awards. 
In 2016, Liu was cast in a recurring role as the ex-CIA analyst Faaron, loosely modeled on real-life ex-analyst Rodney Faraon, in the NBC prequel series Taken based on the film franchise starring Liam Neeson.
Even as he was cast in main and recurring roles, Liu continued to appear as an extra on several television shows, appearing in an episode of the hit BBC-Space series Orphan Black as well as in the Canadian science fiction series Dark Matter.
In 2017, Liu joined the cast of the second season of Slasher as well as the CityTV miniseries Bad Blood, both as recurring characters.
In 2018, he appeared in the science fiction television series The Expanse and Wong Fu Productions' YouTube series Yappie.
In early 2019, Liu guest starred in the 100th episode of ABC's Fresh Off the Boat as a noodle vendor named Willie. He also guest starred in an episode of the TV series Awkwafina Is Nora from Queens as Garbage Boy.
In September 2021, it was revealed that Liu will lead the English-language voice cast of Bright: Samurai Soul, a Netflix anime film scheduled to premiere on October 12.
In 2014, Liu was paid 100 dollars to model for a set of stock photos for FatCamera, with the photos later appearing in subway stations, advertisements, storefronts, pamphlets, and textbook covers, as well as being the subject of widespread media coverage upon Liu's mainstream acting breakthrough in 2021.
Alongside his acting and stunt career, Liu is also a filmmaker, producer, and writer. Liu's first work in this area was Open Gym, a short film he wrote, directed, produced, and starred in that debuted at the 2013 Toronto Reel Asian International Film Festival. He would go on to direct, produce and write several other shorts, including Crimson Defender vs. The Slightly Racist Family (2015).
In 2016, Liu participated in the writing room for Blood and Water, during which he helped break the story for the show and wrote an episode for its second season.
In 2017 Liu worked with Wong Fu Productions on their short Meeting Mommy (2017), which he wrote and produced with Tina Jung. It was released in February 2018 on the Wong Fu Productions YouTube channel, amassing over 250,000 views in its first week.
In December 2017, Liu wrote an online piece for Maclean's magazine detailing his experiences growing up in an immigrant family. The article was later published in the magazine's January 2018 issue. He is currently writing a memoir, "We Were Dreamers: An Immigrant Superhero Origin Story", which is set to be published by HarperCollins on May 3, 2022.
In 2018, he founded his own film production company, 4:12 Entertainment, and began developing long-form film projects under it.
Liu was nominated for a Canadian Screen Award and an ACTRA Award in 2017 for his work in Blood and Water. He, along with his Kim's Convenience castmates, won the ACTRA Award for Outstanding Ensemble in 2017. Liu and his castmates were subsequently nominated for the same award in 2018 and 2019. Kim's Convenience also went on to win the award for Best Comedy Series at the 2018 Canadian Screen Awards.
On stage, Liu was nominated for a Dora Mavor Moore Award in the Outstanding Ensemble category alongside his castmates in the 2016 Factory Theatre remount of the play Banana Boys.
Liu was named one of Hello!'s 50 Most Beautiful Canadians and 25 Hottest Bachelors in 2017 and 2018.
In May 2021, Liu became the first East Asian man to cover Men's Health magazine in over a decade since Jet Li in 2010.
Completed on 6 June 1944, Take was assigned to Desron 11 of the Combined Fleet for a month's training, then was assigned to convoy escort duties.
Take would continue performing escort duties for the remainder of the war, and was in Maizuru for the Surrender of Japan.
Immediately postwar, Take was used as a repatriation ship.  In 1947, she was turned over to Great Britain and then scrapped.
Andrew S. Levey is an American nephrologist who transformed Chronic Kidney Disease (CKD) clinical practice, research and public health by developing equations to estimate glomerular filtration rate (GFR), and leading the global standardization of CKD definition and staging.
Levey graduated from the University of Chicago in 1972 with a Bachelor of Arts in Biological Sciences and graduated as a Doctor of Medicine (MD) in 1976 at the Boston University School of Medicine.He became a Professor of Medicine in the Tufts University School of Medicine in 1994, and was Chief of the Division of Nephrology from 1999 to 2017.
Levey is known for developing the most widely used equations to estimate GFR (Renal function) globally. He pioneered work with the MDRD Study Equation: , led the CKD-Epidemiology Collaboration(CKD-EPI), which pooled measured kidney function CKD data from studies all over the world to develop equations to estimate kidney function from serum creatinine, cystatin C, and panels of metabolites and low molecular weight proteins . The 2009 CKD-EPI creatinine equation is shown below:
He was a founding member of the CKD Prognosis Consortium, which includes over 80 cohorts and 10 million participants and has informed multiple clinical practice guidelines and regulatory policies.
He led the U.S. National Kidney Foundation task force on cardiovascular disease in chronic kidney disease, which led to the recognition by the American Heart Association of CKD as a risk factor for cardiovascular disease.
He co-chaired the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention expert panel to develop comprehensive public health strategies for preventing the development, progression, and complications of CKD .
He led scientific workshops sponsored by the U.S. National Kidney Foundation in collaboration with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and European Medicines Association for the evaluation of Renal function as surrogate endpoints for clinical trials of kidney disease progression.
He was editor-in-chief for American Journal of Kidney Diseases, the official journal of the U.S. National Kidney Foundation, from 2007-2016.
Aspathines had a son names Prexaspes, who became an Admiral in the navy of Xerxes during the Second Persian invasion of Greece.
Shimoda is located at the southern tip of the Izu Peninsula about 100 kilometres southwest of Tokyo. Shimoda's location, with the Amagi Mountains to the north, and the warm Kuroshio Current to the south give the city a humid, sub-tropical climate.
Per Japanese census data, the population of Shimoda has been in slow decline over the past 40 years.
Shimoda expanded in March 1955 through the merger of six neighboring towns and villages. In 1958, an All Nippon Airways DC-3 en route from Haneda to Nagoya crashed offshore from Shimoda, killing three passengers. Shimoda suffered damage from sizeable earthquakes in 1974 and in 1978.
Shimoda has a mayor-council form of government with a directly elected mayor and a unicameral city legislature of 13 members.
The economy of Shimoda is based on tourism (primarily centered on the hot spring resorts and marine sports) and commercial fishing.
Shimoda has seven public elementary schools and four public middle schools operated by the city government and one public high school operated by the Shizuoka Prefectural Board of Education. The prefecture also operates one special education school. Tsukuba University and Nihon University both have marine biology research centers in Shimoda.
Ferry service is available to Niijima and Shikinejima in the Izu Islands. There used to be a ferry service from Shimoda to Shimizu, Shizuoka; however, it is no longer in operation.
Apart from its role in the opening of Japan, Shimoda is famous for its hot spring resorts and beaches. Tatadohama, Ohama and Iritahama beaches attract many tourists in summer and are popular surfing spots year round, and Iritahama has been voted most beautiful Japanese beach a number of years[citation needed].
Shimoda is also a setting for much of Yasunari Kawabata's famous short story The Dancing Girl of Izu.
Shapwick Manor at Shapwick in the English county of Somerset is a medieval manor house which was largely remodelled in the 19th century by Henry Strangways on his return from South Australia in 1871. It is a Grade II* listed building.
It is not to be confused with Shapwick House, formerly an hotel, and more recently a rental property, which lies to the north of the village.
Shapwick Manor is a two-storey stone building that has an asymmetrical frontage, formerly with a glazed veranda supported on iron columns  to one side of the building. The stable block, which was built in the 17th century, is also a Grade II* listed. The dovecote is medieval but was restored in the 18th and 19th centuries, with a new roof being installed in the 20th century. The stone screen and flanking walls were built around 1658.
Ariel Standen Levis is a Chilean senior athlete champion, born on September 12, 1929, in Punta Arenas, son of the Methodist minister Carlos Standen and Nelly Levis, he is the first Chilean senior athlete who won a world senior title.
In 1953, Standen was nominated to join the national pre-team  for the sudamerican Tournament in Brazil. After being accepted, he competed with the champion and record of the world Adhemar Ferreira Da Silva.  His career was abruptly stopped in 1962 when he retired from athletics and from the national team due to problems with the federation about.
Besides to these triumphs, he won 15 South American senior titles in the categories of 55, 60 and 65 years old.
Education became a passion for Anderson and in 1926 he took a position as an associate professor at the University of Kansas in their department of education. After one year at Kansas, Anderson moved into an associate professor position at Ohio State, where he would remain for 35 years. During his time at Ohio State, Anderson would advance to become the chair of department of education in 1956, retiring from that post in 1962.
Graduate House is a residential college and an academic and professional development meeting and gathering place in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
It overlooks University Square and neighbours Melbourne Business School, the Grattan Institute and Melbourne School of Engineering. It is across the park from Melbourne Law School, the Faculty of Business and Economics and the Melbourne Careers Centre in the Alan Gilbert Building; and down the road from Melbourne Graduate School of Education.
Graduate House has  different room types for different preferences and budgets, ranging from single and double ensuite and non-ensuite rooms to self-contained apartments.
In a mature environment, graduate students pursue their studies, advance their career through living and meeting with colleagues from around the world, and make life-long friends. They also meet and network with renowned visiting academics, specialists and intellects from around the world and from all disciplines.
Graduate House has meeting and function spaces and services that can cater for numbers ranging from 2 to 300.
Graduate House is owned and run by a membership association called The Graduate Union of The University of Melbourne Inc.
The Association is more than 110 years old and benefits graduates at any life stage. It is inclusive and egalitarian, and  enables networking of positive influence on careers, the mind and in developing collective projects.
Being part of this long-standing Association means contacts, networks, career development and social opportunities. Members are guaranteed to meet other intelligent, influential and well-connected people who are genuinely interested and active in supporting graduates at all life stages.
Noting membership of The Graduate Union in a resume or curriculum vitae, on LinkedIn and with the other initials at the end of the qualification list, is beneficial as it indicates membership of a collegium that values lifelong learning, research, innovation and their productive application for global good.
Less than two months after the first meeting, the Melbourne University Graduates Association was formed with Sir John Monash as its first president for the three years before he commenced his war service in 1914.
Brooklyn was also named one of the best films of 2015, featuring on more than 120 "Top 10" film critics' lists. The film was ranked 48th on BBC's 100 Greatest Films of the 21st Century.
When her sister unexpectedly dies, Eilis tells Tony she must return home to help her mother. Tony shows her a plot of land on Long Island his family intends to develop and will include a house for them. He asks Eilis to marry him before she leaves. Eilis is hesitant but agrees, and they secretly marry at City Hall. While there, they happen to bump into an Irish couple with relatives in Enniscorthy.
Once back in Ireland, Eilis falls into a new life, temporarily taking her late sister's bookkeeping job, and being set up with well-off bachelor Jim Farrell. It is a completely different life than the one she left behind for Brooklyn. She extends her stay to attend a friend's wedding, and avoids reading Tony's letters. Jim comes close to proposing marriage, but she is noncommittal.
Principal photography filming began on 1 April 2014 in Ireland, and was shot for three weeks at different locations including Enniscorthy, Wexford, and Dublin. On the first day of shooting, Ronan was spotted in period costume on the set in Enniscorthy. After finishing production in Ireland, it then moved to Montreal, Quebec for four weeks further. Two days were spent shooting in New York at Coney Island.
Brooklyn grossed $38.3 million in North America and $23.7 million in other territories, for a worldwide total of $62.1 million, against a budget of $11 million.
Brooklyn was also named one of the best films of 2015, featuring on more than 120 "Top 10" film critics' lists. It is ranked fourth on Rotten Tomatoes and fifth on Metacritic's best reviewed films of 2015.
This biographical article related to a South African cricket person born in the 1960s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Mordaunt was born at Wellesbourne Hastings in Warwickshire, the son of John Mordaunt who had played cricket for MCC. He was educated at Wellington College where he was in the cricket XI from 1887 to 1889, leading the school averages in his final season and captaining the side in 1888. He played for Hampshire County Cricket Club in 1887 whilst he was at school at a time when the county did not have first-class cricket status.
He remained closely associated with Wellington College throughout his life and served as a Governor of the college. Mordaunt died at Marylebone in London in 1938 aged 67.
This biographical article related to an English cricket person born in the 1870s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
History also includes the academic discipline which uses narrative to describe, examine, question, and analyze past events, and investigate their patterns of cause and effect. Historians  often debate which narrative best explains an event, as well as the significance of different causes and effects. Historians also debate the nature of history as an end in itself, as well as its usefulness to give perspective on the problems of the present.
The line of demarcation between prehistoric and historical times is crossed when people cease to live only in the present, and become consciously interested both in their past and in their future. History begins with the handing down of tradition; and tradition means the carrying of the habits and lessons of the past into the future. Records of the past begin to be kept for the benefit of future generations.
The first four are known as historical criticism; the fifth, textual criticism; and, together, external criticism. The sixth and final inquiry about a source is called internal criticism.
The historical method comprises the techniques and guidelines by which historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and then to write history.
Saint Augustine was influential in Christian and Western thought at the beginning of the medieval period. Through the Medieval and Renaissance periods, history was often studied through a sacred or religious perspective. Around 1800, German philosopher and historian Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel brought philosophy and a more secular approach in historical study.
In the West, historians developed modern methods of historiography in the 17th and 18th centuries, especially in France and Germany. In 1851, Herbert Spencer summarized these methods:
By the "rich ore" Spencer meant scientific theory of history. Meanwhile, Henry Thomas Buckle expressed a dream of history becoming one day science:
 In regard to nature, events apparently the most irregular and capricious have been explained and have been shown to be in accordance with certain fixed and universal laws. This have been done because men of ability and, above all, men of patient, untiring thought have studied events with the view of discovering their regularity, and if human events were subject to a similar treatment, we have every right to expect similar results
 As Historians like Ranke and many who followed him have pursued it, no, history is not a science. Thus if Historians tell us that, given the manner in which he practices his craft, it cannot be considered a science, we must take him at his word. If he is not doing science, then, whatever else he is doing, he is not doing science. The traditional Historian is thus no scientist and history, as conventionally practiced, is not a science.
Today, most historians begin their research process in the archives, on either a physical or digital platform. They often propose an argument and use their research to support it. John H. Arnold proposed that history is an argument, which creates the possibility of creating change. Digital information companies, such as Google, have sparked controversy over the role of internet censorship in information access.
Environmental historian William Cronon proposed three ways to combat bias and ensure authentic and accurate narratives: narratives must not contradict known fact, they must make ecological sense (specifically for environmental history), and published work must be reviewed by scholarly community and other historians to ensure accountability.
These are approaches to history; not listed are histories of other fields, such as history of science, history of mathematics and history of philosophy.
Military history concerns warfare, strategies, battles, weapons, and the psychology of combat. The "new military history" since the 1970s has been concerned with soldiers more than generals, with psychology more than tactics, and with the broader impact of warfare on society and culture.
The history of religion has been a main theme for both secular and religious historians for centuries, and continues to be taught in seminaries and academe. Leading journals include Church History, The Catholic Historical Review, and History of Religions. Topics range widely from political and cultural and artistic dimensions, to theology and liturgy. This subject studies religions from all regions and areas of the world where humans have lived.
Environmental history is a new field that emerged in the 1980s to look at the history of the environment, especially in the long run, and the impact of human activities upon it. It is an offshoot of the environmental movement, which was kickstarted by Rachel Carson's Silent Spring in the 1960s.
World history is the study of major civilizations over the last 3000 years or so. World history is primarily a teaching field, rather than a research field. It gained popularity in the United States, Japan and other countries after the 1980s with the realization that students need a broader exposure to the world as globalization proceeds.
It has led to highly controversial interpretations by Oswald Spengler and Arnold J. Toynbee, among others.
The World History Association publishes the Journal of World History every quarter since 1990. The H-World discussion list serves as a network of communication among practitioners of world history, with discussions among scholars, announcements, syllabi, bibliographies and book reviews.
Intellectual history and the history of ideas emerged in the mid-20th century, with the focus on the intellectuals and their books on the one hand, and on the other the study of ideas as disembodied objects with a career of their own.
Since the 20th century, Western historians have disavowed the aspiration to provide the "judgement of history". The goals of historical judgements or interpretations are separate to those of legal judgements, that need to be formulated quickly after the events and be final. A related issue to that of the judgement of history is that of collective memory.
Pseudohistory is a term applied to texts which purport to be historical in nature but which depart from standard historiographical conventions in a way which undermines their conclusions. It is closely related to deceptive historical revisionism. Works which draw controversial conclusions from new, speculative, or disputed historical evidence, particularly in the fields of national, political, military, and religious affairs, are often rejected as pseudohistory.
In the United States, scholarship was concentrated at the major PhD-producing universities, while the large number of other colleges and universities focused on undergraduate teaching. A tendency in the 21st century was for the latter schools to increasingly demand scholarly productivity of their younger tenure-track faculty. Furthermore, universities have increasingly relied on inexpensive part-time adjuncts to do most of the classroom teaching.
At the university level, historians debate the question of whether history belongs more to social science or to the humanities. Many view the field from both perspectives.
In many countries, history textbooks are sponsored by the national government and are written to put the national heritage in the most favourable light. For example, in Japan, mention of the Nanking Massacre has been removed from textbooks and the entire Second World War is given cursory treatment. Other countries have complained. It was standard policy in communist countries to present only a rigid Marxist historiography.
In the United States, textbooks published by the same company often differ in content from state to state. An example of content that is represented different in different regions of the country is the history of the Southern states, where slavery and the American Civil War are treated as controversial topics. McGraw-Hill Education for example, was criticised for describing Africans brought to American plantations as "workers" instead of slaves in a textbook.
Academic historians have often fought against the politicization of the textbooks, sometimes with success.
The story takes place in Carpathian Ruthenia, especially after, but including the duration of the World War One.
The whole story is set in Ruthenia. This region is forgotten, and people here are very poor and their only livelihood is the forests, where they say God lives and where there are a variety of enchanted places where even the wildlife won't approach. The novel writes two separate stories- the legend of Nikola and his real life - that blend together. The book is an allegory for  legitimate justice and people's desire for freedom.
See guidelines for writing about novels. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.
Beatrix Mahlknecht was an Italian luger who competed during the mid-1990s. A natural track luger, she won the gold medal in the women's singles event at the 1994 FIL World Luge Natural Track Championships in Gsies, Italy.
This biographical article relating to Italian luge is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Acidicapsa borealis  is a Gram-negative, short rods and non-motile bacterium from the genus of Acidicapsa which has been isolated from sphagnum peat from the Tver Region in Russia.
Since finishing Kare Kano, she worked on the series Chotto Edo Made which appeared in LaLa from May 2008 through August 2011. She then  has started work on Hinoko, premiering in LaLa in March 2012.
Erica Miechowsky (born September 30, 1961), known professionally as Erica Ehm, is a Canadian writer, actor, songwriter, entrepreneur and TV host. She is best known as a pioneering video jockey at the Canadian cable television station MuchMusic.
She got her first job at CHOM-FM sorting records for DJs. She began her television career by contributing to Musi-Video, a local rock and video show produced in Montreal, Quebec. She graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Communications from the University of Ottawa.
Ehm moved to Toronto where she found a job working as a receptionist at Citytv, which owned the soon-to-launch cable channel MuchMusic, and when the new station began hiring video jockeys in 1984 she applied and became one of the station's first VJs.
After having a child in 2000 with her spouse Terry Moshenberg, who founded The League of Rock, and another child in 2003, she runs the Yummy Mummy Club. She has written three stage musicals for the family market. After her first play, Caillou's Big Party, sold out in theatres across North America, she was commissioned to write two other shows, The Big Comfy Couch and Caillou's Big Book Club.[citation needed]
Ehm authored She Should Talk: Conversations with Exceptional Women about Life, Dreams and Success, published by HarperCollins, as well as a children's book, The Mischievous Mom at the Art Gallery. In 2002, she hosted a weekly call-in show on CFRB 1010, a Toronto news/talk radio station, combining current events and lifestyle topics.[citation needed]
Lesko Synagogue is a synagogue in Lesko, Poland. The synagogue had functioned as a place of worship until World War II.
The synagogue was built during the years 1626-1654 by the Sephardic Jewish community of Lesko. By the twentieth century, it was one of six synagogues in the town, and the only one whose building survived the Second World War, although in a very damaged state; the interior was devastated by the German invaders of Poland. For almost two decades after the war, it was neglected. It was renovated from the 1960s onwards.
This article about a synagogue or other Jewish place of worship in Poland is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
A few years later Salmon was dispatched from Belize to take custody of William Walker, an American citizen who had briefly been president of Nicaragua, but who was now attempting further conquests in Central America. The British Government regarded Walker as a menace to its own affairs in the region. Salmon captured Walker and delivered him to the authorities in Honduras, who promptly had him court-martialed and shot.
Salmon went on to be Commander-in-Chief, Cape of Good Hope and West Coast of Africa Station, then Commander-in-Chief, China Station and finally Commander-in-Chief, Portsmouth.
Date of Act of Bravery, 16 November 1857 For conspicuous gallantry at Lucknow, on the 16 November 1857, in climbing up a tree, touching the angle of the Shah Nujjiff, to reply to the fire of the enemy, for which most dangerous service, the late Captain Peel, K.C.B., had called for volunteers.
Promoted to rear admiral on 2 August 1879, Salmon became Commander-in-Chief, Cape of Good Hope and West Coast of Africa Station, with his flag in the corvette HMS Boadicea, in April 1882. Promoted to vice admiral on 1 July 1885, he was advanced to Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath on 21 June 1887. He went on to be Commander-in-Chief, China Station, with his flag in the armoured cruiser HMS Imperieuse, in December 1887.
Salmon's Victoria Cross is on display in the Lord Ashcroft Gallery at the Imperial War Museum in London.
Grant Ashley Brown (born 19 November 1969) is an English football coach and former professional footballer.
After beginning his professional career with Leicester City in 1988, he made 14 appearances for the Foxes before then Lincoln City manager Colin Murphy persuaded him to join the team at Sincil Bank.
She was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for History and the National Book Award for Nonfiction and 15 other prizes in 2009 for her work on the Hemings family of Monticello. In 2010, she received the National Humanities Medal and a MacArthur Fellowship. Since 2018, she has served as a trustee of the National Humanities Center in Research Triangle Park, NC. She was elected a Member of the American Philosophical Society in 2019. She is a Trustee of the Gilder Lehrman Institute of American History.
Gordon-Reed was born in Livingston, Texas, to Bettye Jean Gordon and Alfred Gordon. She grew up in Jim Crow Conroe, Texas and was the first black child in her elementary school.  In third grade she became interested in Thomas Jefferson.  She graduated from Dartmouth College in 1981 and Harvard Law School in 1984, where she was a member of the Harvard Law Review.
Gordon-Reed is married to Robert R. Reed, a justice of the Supreme Court of the State of New York, whom she met while at Harvard Law School. She lives on the Upper West Side of New York with her husband and two children, Gordon and Susan.
In 2010, she joined Harvard University with joint appointments in history and law, and as Carol K. Pforzheimer Professor at the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study. In 2012, she was appointed the Charles Warren Professor of American Legal History at HLS. In 2014, she was the Harold Vyvyan Harmsworth Visiting Professor at Queen's College, University of Oxford.
As some historians began to reinvestigate Jefferson in the late twentieth century, his defenders responded as if assertions of his paternity were intended to damage his historical reputation, despite the widespread acknowledgement by then of the numerous interracial liaisons in Jefferson's time. In 1974, Fawn M. Brodie wrote the first biography of Jefferson to seriously examine the evidence related to Sally Hemings; she thought the Hemings-Jefferson liaison was likely.
Gordon-Reed "drew on her legal training to apply context and reasonable interpretation to the sparse documentation" and analyzed the historiography as well. The writer Christopher Hitchens in Slate described her analysis as "brilliant."
Critics such as John Works and Robert F. Turner of the Thomas Jefferson Heritage Society have pointed out several transcription errors in Gordon-Reed's first book. Although Gordon-Reed said the errors were a "mistake," Works and Turner have alleged them to be alterations of historical documents.
This memoir of Vernon Jordan, the civil rights activist, written with him, portrayed his life from childhood through the 1980s. It won the Best Nonfiction Book for 2001 from the Black Caucus of the American Library Association. In 2002 it won an Anisfield-Wolf Book Award and a Trailblazer Award from the Metropolitan Black Bar Association.
Gordon-Reed was the first African American to win the Pulitzer Prize for History, for her 2008 work on the Hemings family. She won 15 additional awards for the book.
On March 7, 2009, she was interviewed on the WBGO program Conversations with Allan Wolper. She discussed the intimate relationship between Thomas Jefferson and Sally Hemings, as well as issues that American black women face today.
The Holy See has a history of difficult relations with Turkey, or rather with the Ottoman Empire, whose forces its European allies defeated at the naval battle of Lepanto in 1571 and the battle of Vienna in 1683. The Holy See maintained positive relations with Armenia, even when it was under Ottoman rule. It was also involved in the Balkans and Greece at a time when nationalities were emancipating themselves from Turkish domination.
Pope Paul VI visited Turkey in July 1967 During his visit he met with Eastern Orthodox Patriarch Athenagoras I of Constantinople, Shenork I Kaloustian, Armenian Patriarch of Constantinople as well as members of the Muslim and Jewish communities.
Pope John Paul II visited Turkey in November 1979. He met with Patriarch Dimitrios I of Constantinople and Armenian Patriarch Shenork I as well as celebrating the Eucharist in Ephesus.
In 2006, Pope Benedict XVI visited Turkey and its famous Blue Mosque. It was only the second time a sitting Pope was known to have entered a mosque and was part of his efforts to mend Muslim-Christian relations, but was overshadowed by the controversy surrounding lecture at Regensburg which was interpreted by some as an attempt to link Islam and violence. He was met with 25,000 nationalist and Islamist protesters when he arrived at Ankara.
The Church has also sought to have improved legal recognition of itself under Turkish law, which at present makes it difficult for Catholic bishops to be legally recognized in their exercise of Apostolic ministry, while at times the ownership of churches is put into question. Similar problems have come up with the Greek Patriarchate, whose seminary training was shut down by the Turkish state.
Smicrips texana is a species of palmetto beetle in the family Smicripidae. It is found in North America.
Little Barrie is an English rock group consisting of Barrie Cadogan (vocals, guitar) and Lewis Wharton (bass, vocals). Virgil Howe contributed drums and vocals from 2007 until his death in 2017. Their sound has drawn from a mixture of influences including freakbeat, garage rock, UK R&B, neo-psychedelia, surf rock, krautrock, funk and rock and roll. The band released Death Express in 2017.
Following further tours across Europe, Japan and Australia in 2007 the band backed Paul Weller on the title track of his album 22 Dreams. In late 2007 Virgil Howe, son of Yes guitarist Steve Howe, replaced Skinner on drums. The first recordings featuring the new lineup were in March 2008, when alongside Martin Duffy on keys the trio backed French Polynesian artist Mareva Galanter on her album Happy Fiu.
Following the release of King of the Waves they hit the road again in Japan and across Europe. In November 2011, the band opened for rising New York soul singer Charles Bradley and his band The Extroadinaires for two shows in Spain. Little Barrie were the opening band on Charles Bradley's US tour on the east coast in February - March 2012. Two more US tours followed that year, spanning the east and west coasts as well as performing in Texas and the mid west.
During 2012, work began on writing new songs for the band's fourth album Shadow. The band continued tour, including a return to the US for shows in Texas and also opening for Dinosaur Jr and The Jon Spencer Blues Explosion before supporting The Stone Roses at La Cigalle in Paris in June. The group then performed in Vietnam and Japan before returning to rehearse tracks for the new album to be recorded that summer.
In January 2015 the band wrote and performed the main title theme music to the Breaking Bad spin-off Better Call Saul. The full length version of the song was opening track on the album Better Call Saul - Original Television Soundtrack: Season 1, released in November 2015. Season two of the series also featured "Why Don't You Do It" from "Stand Your Ground".
On 12 September 2017 Virgil Howe's unexpected death was announced by Yes, of which Virgil Howe's father Steve is a member.
Virgil Howe was the son of guitarist Steve Howe and worked on a number of projects with him.   Nexus, by Virgil and Steve Howe was released on 17 November 2017.
Pasur is a panchayat town in the Erode district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. Nearby areas include Molasi, Solasiramani and Karumandampalyam
As of 2001[update] India census, Pasur had a population of 3852. Males constitute 51% of the population and females 49%. Pasur has an average literacy rate of 56%, lower than the national average of 59.5%: male literacy is 65%, and female literacy is 47%. In Pasur, 8% of the population is under 6 years of age.
Englert made her debut on the German team in 2001. She received a bronze medal at the 2007 World Championship.
This biographical article related to German team handball is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The airport is currently the main hub for Thai Airways International, Thai Smile Airways, Bangkok Airways and Thai Vietjet Air. It also serves as regional gateway and connecting point for various foreign carriers connecting to Asia, Oceania, Europe and Africa.
Suvarnabhumi was officially opened for limited domestic flight service on 15 September 2006, and opened for most domestic and all international commercial flights on 28 September 2006.
Suvarnabhumi is the 17th busiest airport in the world, eleventh busiest airport in Asia, and the busiest in the country, having handled 60 million passengers in 2017, and is also a major air cargo hub, with a total of 95 airlines. On social networks, Suvarnabhumi was the world's most popular site for taking Instagram photographs in 2012.
The airport inherited the airport code, BKK, from Don Mueang after the previous airport ceased international commercial flights. Motorway 7 connects the airport, Bangkok, and the heavily industrial eastern seaboard of Thailand, where most export manufacturing takes place.
The need for the new airport was recognized in 1973 when 8,000 acres of land was purchased 40 kilometres east of Bangkok. The site, known as Cobra Swamp, was drained and named Suvarnabhumi, meaning "realm of gold". On 14 October 1973, student-led protests led to the overthrow of the military government of Prime Minister Thanom Kittikachorn and the project was shelved.
After a series of ups and downs, the "New Bangkok International Airport" company (NBIA) was formed in 1996. Due to political and economic instabilities, notably the Asian financial crisis of 1997, construction did not begin until six years later in January 2002 by the government of Thaksin Shinawatra.
The airport was due to open in late 2004, but a series of budget overruns, construction flaws, and allegations of corruption plagued the project.
A further delay was caused by the discovery that the airport had been built over an old graveyard. Superstitious construction workers claimed to have seen ghosts there. On 23 September 2005, the Thai airports authority held a ceremony where 99 Buddhist monks chanted to appease the spirits.
On 15 September 2006, the airport started limited daily operations with Jetstar Asia Airways operating three Singapore to Bangkok flights.  Bangkok Airways moved to the airport on 21 September. AirAsia and Thai AirAsia followed on 25 September and on 26 September Nok Air moved to Suvarnabhumi Airport. During this initial phase, as well as in the previous tests, the airport used the temporary IATA code NBK.[citation needed]
Suvarnabhumi officially opened at 03:00 on 28 September 2006, taking over all flights from Don Mueang. The first flight to arrive was a Lufthansa Cargo flight LH8442 from Mumbai at 03:05. The first commercial arrival was Japan Airlines at 03:30. The first passenger arrival was Aerosvit flight VV171 from Kyiv at 04:30, and the first cargo departure was Saudi Arabian Airlines flight SV-984 to Riyadh at 05:00. Aerosvit also had the first passenger departure (VV172 to Kyiv) around 05:30.
In January 2007, ruts were discovered in the runways at Suvarnabhumi. The east runway was scheduled to close for repairs. Expert opinions varied as to the cause of the ruts. Airport authorities and airline representatives maintained that the airport was still safe and resisted suggestions that the airport should be completely closed and all flights moved back to Don Mueang.
On 27 January 2007, the Department of Civil Aviation declined to renew the airport's safety certificate, which had expired the previous day. The ICAO requires that international airports hold aerodrome safety certificates, but Suvarnabhumi continued to operate because the ICAO requirement had yet to be adopted as part of Thai law.
As of early 2016, tarmac problems persisted at Suvarnabhumi. Soft spots on the tarmac, taxiways, and apron area had not been permanently fixed. Aircraft were getting stuck on the soft surfaces that are the result of sub-standard materials. "The constant resurfacing of the tarmac, taxiways and apron area with asphalt is an unacceptable patchwork solution. We literally need a "concrete" solution," said Tony Tyler, IATA's director general and CEO.
Airports of Thailand found that the cost of fixing 60 identified problems at the airport would be less than one percent of the total airline cost and the problems could be fixed in up to four to five years. Dr Narupol Chaiyut, a member of a committee overseeing service problems at the new airport, estimated that 70 percent of the problems would be fixed in 2007. Twenty of the 60 problems were successfully fixed by February 2007.
On 25 January 2007, due to work upgrading the taxiways which suffered from small cracks, a few incoming flights were delayed and several flights were safely diverted to U-Tapao International Airport in Rayong Province.
In January 2021, a motorist drove his car through security gates and onto the tarmac at the airport while it was in use. It was later revealed that the driver had been under the influence of methamphetamine, which were also discovered in the trunk of the car. The driver claimed that he had taken a wrong turn.
On 1 October 2010, two hundred armed men occupied the airport's parking area for an hour, blocking the building's entrances and seizing ticket booths to collect fares from motorists. Airport security personnel failed to respond, reportedly because of an internal dispute within the parking management company, the firm contracted to run the parking facilities.
The airport's two runways can accommodate 64 flights per hour. At peak times the runways average 63 flights per hour. In April 2019 the Thai cabinet approved a sum of 21.8 billion baht for the construction of a third runway. Construction will start in 2019 and be completed in 2021. The third runway will accommodate a maximum of 30 flights per hour. The project will be managed by Airports of Thailand (AOT).
From the opening of Suvarnabhumi in 2006 to early 2017, eight people had fallen to their deaths from upper-floor walkways, prompting the airport to spend 33 million baht in 2013 building glass barriers to prevent people from falling and/or taking their lives.
By mid-2015, the airport was handling more than 800 flights per day, higher than its 600-flight capacity. It has exceeded its capacity of 45 million passengers per year.
The new passenger terminal will be used only by Bangkok Airways and flag carrier Thai Airways (and its regional subsidiary Thai Smile). Upon completion of the satellite terminal, other Star Alliance members will be given the check-in concourse of Thai Airways.
The ARL Station is located on the Underground floor of Suvarnabhumi Airport which also links to the Airports' Novotel Hotel adjacent to the Main Terminal.
Northeast of the Airport is Suvarnabhumi Public Transport Center, which is the Airport's Main Bus Terminal.
A free bus service connecting Suvarnabhumi Airport and Don Mueang Airport operates from 05.00 until midnight. Three air-conditioned city bus routes are operated by Bangkok Mass Transit Authority (BMTA) serve the airport's dedicated bus terminal. There are also direct buses between the airports operated by Airport Shuttle Bus.
Located on Level 1 (Ground Level) are where the Public Taxis are located. A ticket printed from the ticket queue machine (located on the same floor) is required before queuing up for a taxi.
The airport has five main access routes. Among these the most convenient route is via the Bangkok Chon Buri Motorway (Motorway 7). Another main airport entrance is in Samut Prakan Province via the expressway from Bang Na to Bang Pakong.
The Airport has 7 different car park zones, with zone 2 & 3 having direct access to the departure/arrival terminal. Located northeast of the airport is the Longterm Car Park Zone, next to the Bus Terminal.
The airport has provided five entrance routes. The main route is via the motorway in the north of Bangkok, directly connecting Bangkok's downtown and Chonburi Province, the industrial and harbor city in eastern Thailand. However, another main airport entrance is in Samut Prakan Province, connecting an elevated highway in the south of Bangkok from Bang Na to Bang Pakong.
 Media related to Suvarnabhumi International Airport at Wikimedia Commons  Suvarnabhumi Airport travel guide from Wikivoyage
Randers Museum of Art (Danish: Randers Kunstmuseum) is a Danish art museum in Randers in northeastern Jutland, Denmark. The museum is located in the cultural centre of Kulturhuset (The House of Culture) in the town centre and displays many of the major works of Danish painters, especially those of the 19th and 20th centuries.
Located at Stemannsgade 2, 2, Randers, the museum collection is open to visitors free of charge from 10 am to 4 pm, Tuesday to Sunday (and until 8 pm on the last Wednesday each month). Closed from 24 to 26 December, 31 December, 1 January, 1 May and 5 June.
The river is crossed three times by the Calder Freeway near Kyneton; and by the McIvor Highway near Eppalock. The Midland Highway and Northern Highway duplex crosses the river at Elmore and the Murray Valley Highway and Northern Highway duplex crosses the river at Echuca.
As the river is relatively long, indigenous peoples from various cultural groups lived near the river course. In the indigenous Yorta Yorta language, the name for the river is Yalka or Yalooka, meaning "dry leaf." In the Daungwurrung language the name for the river is Boregam, with no clearly defined meaning. While in the Daungwurrung and Ngurai-illamwurrung language, the river is named Yerrin, with no clearly defined meaning.
Ruralco is a diversified agricultural company that provides real estate, insurance, auctioneer services, agricultural equipment and other services to the Australian rural community. Ruralco became a wholly owned subsidiary of Canadian company Nutrien in 2019.
Ruralco was founded in 1970. By 2001 it had 384 rural supply stores under the brands CRT and Town & Country. In September of that year it merged with Grow Force Australia.
In May 2006 it reverse merged with Australia's oldest publicly listed company, Tasmanian agricultural corporation Roberts Limited.
In 2008 it was described as having quietly begun to rival the 'big two' of agricultural industry in Australia, Elders Limited and Landmark. By 2014 it owned 10.1% of Elders, unsuccessfully attempting to purchase the rural services section of Elders for 250 million in 2013. Following falling profits from Elders and the knockback of its purchase offer, it sold all 10.1% of the company.
In February 2014 it acquired Total Eden, a water supplies company, from Anchorage Capital Partners for AUD$57.4 million.
In June 2019, Agrium Australia Pty Ltd (formerly Landmark, now a wholly owned subsidiary of Canadian company Nutrien) announced the proposed acquisition of Ruralco.
Ruralco shareholders voted overwhelmingly in favour of the $469 million takeover and Ruralco was delisted from the Australian Securities Exchange on 1 October 2019.
Alverstone railway station, was an intermediate station situated on the edge of Alverstone village      on the Isle of Wight, off the south coast of England.
Served by the line from Newport  to Sandown, the station was incorporated by the Isle of Wight (Newport Junction) Railway in 1868 opened in 1875. Absorbed by the Isle of Wight Central Railway, it became part of the Southern Railway during the Grouping of 1923. Passing on to the Southern Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948, it was then  closed 81 years after opening by the British Transport Commission.
During a Second World War blackout a train ran through Alverstone and  a railwayman had to escort the passengers back to there from Newchurch.
The station house is now a private residence. It is a prominent landmark on the walking route and cycle path that runs through Borthwood Copse and into Alverstone Mead.
This article on a railway station in South East England is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Anglican Diocese of Oleh is one of 12 within the Anglican Province of Bendel, itself one of 14 provinces within the Church of Nigeria. The  current bishop is John Usiwoma Aruakpor.
The 2010 European Pairs Speedway Championship was the seventh UEM European Pairs Speedway Championship season. The Final took place on 18 September 2010 in Stralsund, Germany. The Championship was won by the defending Champion Czech Republic who beat host team Germany and Croatia.
This annulment of French claims over Turkish land was later officially recognised in the Armistice of Mudanya. The new border was recognized in the subsequent Treaty of Lausanne in 1923.
The story is a parable about the dangers of new technologies and the unintended consequences that scientific innovations can produce.
The Gusevogoroskoye mine is a large iron mine located in western Russia in the Sverdlovsk Oblast. Gusevogoroskoye represents one of the largest iron ore reserves in Russia and in the world having estimated reserves of 2.82 billion tonnes of ore grading 15.7% iron metal.
The Heritage Council (Irish: An Comhairle Oidhreachta) is an organisation created by the Irish government to "engage, educate and advocate to develop a wider understanding of the vital contribution that our heritage makes to our social, environmental and economic well-being."
The Heritage Council was established under the Heritage Act 1995. Its current CEO is Virginia Teehan.
The Council's purview includes monuments, archaeological objects, heritage objects such as art and industrial works, documents and genealogical records, architectural heritage, flora, fauna, wildlife habitats, landscapes, seascapes, wrecks, geology, heritage gardens, parks and inland waterways.
The Heritage Council established the Museums Standards Programme for Ireland (MSPI) in 2007, to benchmark and promote professional standards in the care of collections and to recognise through accreditation the achievement of those standards within the Irish museum sector. As of 2020, 43 museums have been fully accredited through the MSPI programme.
Marie McMahon (born Marie Elizabeth Rita McMahon) is an Australian artist known for her paintings, prints, posters, drawings, and design work. Born in Melbourne, she has worked in various communities of Australian Aboriginal people and today works in Sydney, Australia. Her work has focused on social, political, and environmental issues. Her posters about Aboriginal rights and Aboriginal life appear in major gallery collections in Australia.
McMahon was born in Melbourne, Australia, in September 1953. She grew up on Australian Air Force bases in Darwin, Australia, at Richmond near Sydney, and at HMAS Albatross, a naval base on the South Coast of New South Wales. During the 1960s her family lived in the Philippines until they returned to Sydney.
Among her many well-known posters are You are on Aboriginal land and the Australian Government's health promotion Beat the grog and Condoman AIDS awareness campaign, developed in collaboration with Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander health workers.
Marie also produced prints at the Australian Print Workshop in Fitzroy, Victoria and so was included in a major exhibition Place Made: Australian Print Workshop held in early 2004 at the National Gallery of Australia (NGA). When the NGA acquired many prints from the Workshop, they acquired more than 90 of McMahon's prints.
In 1976 McMahon and artist Frances (Budden) Phoenix initiated The Women's Domestic Needlework Group (WDNG) Their aim was to reclaim the creative, but historically undervalued, practices of embroidery, knitting, crochet, lace making and needlework.
The most significant of their four exhibitions was the D'Oyley exhibition at Watters Gallery in Sydney in 1979. The exhibition, focusing on women's 'fancywork' featured more than 700 handmade doilies that were collected from various thrift shops. The exhibition was sponsored the Crafts Board of the Australia Council.
McMahon's prints and posters are held in the National Gallery of Victoria, the Bendigo Regional Gallery, the National Gallery of Australia, the Art Gallery of New South Wales, and the Museum of Contemporary Art in Sydney. as well as in various regional galleries in Australia and in private collections.
The Meath county football team represents Meath in men's Gaelic football and is governed by Meath GAA, the county board of the Gaelic Athletic Association. The team competes in the three major annual inter-county competitions; the All-Ireland Senior Football Championship, the Leinster Senior Football Championship and the National Football League.
The team last won the Leinster Senior Championship in 2010, the All-Ireland Senior Championship in 1999 and the National League in 1994.
During this period, their Leinster Championship rivalry with Louth became legendary: in the six provincial championships between 1948 and 1953 the sides met each year. The 1949 match went to three meetings, while those of 1950 and 1951 were replayed.
Meath's team of the 1960s was characterised by a chronic inability to score until after half-time, but might have reached the 1964 All-Ireland final had a goal by Jack Quinn not been controversially disallowed in the semi-final. Meath were beaten in the 1966 All-Ireland final by a legendary Galway team that was winning its third All-Ireland title in a row.
After the 1966 final defeat, centre-back Bertie Cunningham declared that "next year, we will come back and win the All-Ireland". Sure enough, Terry Kearns secured the Sam Maguire Cup for Meath with a punched goal in the 1967 final to defeat Cork.
Meath won the National Football League in 1975 and looked a promising prospect for the All-Ireland. Defeat at the hands of Kevin Heffernan's Dublin team, however, was an indication of what was to come. Heffo's Dubs prevented Meath from winning provincial titles, before a talented Offaly team emerged to win more Leinster titles and become the only team capable of challenging the great Kerry team that dominated football between 1975 and 1986.
Meath looked far from All-Ireland Championship material when losing to Wexford in 1981 and Longford in 1982. By the time the 1983 Leinster began, Meath had appointed the hurling team's masseur, Sean Boylan, as football manager, and few could have predicted the success that would come to the county under his reign.
In 1984 the GAA initiated a one-off competition called the Centenary Cup, to celebrate the 100th anniversary of the GAA's foundation. Despite a concerted effort by the Kerry team (who had won four All-Irelands in a row from 1978 to 1981), the Centenary Cup final was ultimately played between Meath and Monaghan. Meath emerged victorious, and when Boylan was asked for comment, he replied that Meath intended to retain their title another hundred years later.
A tired Meath had finally qualified for the First Round of the Leinster Championship, and played the next match against Wicklow, which also ended in a draw, before Meath emerged victorious in yet another replay. Meath then proceeded to beat Offaly in the semi-final, before overcoming Laois to win their hardest-fought Leinster title yet. Victory over Roscommon in the All-Ireland semi-final set up a meeting with Down in the All-Ireland final.
The 1992 Championship started with a three-point home defeat to Laois which proved the final outing for many of the great side who then retired from inter-county football.
Meath won a League title in 1994 with Robbie O'Malley of St. Colmcille's captaining the side to victory over Armagh. In the Championship, though, 1994 Meath were beaten by Dublin and the last of the team of 1986-94 retired.
A new team was formed for 1995. This team included many new stars like Trevor Giles Graham Geraghty. However, these younger players were largely inexperienced for championship football and came up short against a Dublin team determined to win the Championship outright. The resultant 10-point drubbing left a strong impression on the younger Meath players of how much work was needed to win silverware.
Deep into injury time in the 74th minute of the match, a goal was awarded to Meath by the referee after brief consultation with only one of the match umpires. Television coverage of the game proved that the ball was carried over the line by Meath player Joe Sherdian. Prior to the goal being awarded Meath had trailed by 1 point and with the referee blowing his whistle shortly afterwards this proved to be the decisive score.
In September 2010, speculations begun whether or not Eamonn O'Brien would continue as manager for 2011. On 7 September 2010 O'Brien was surprisingly axed as manager after the club's board voted him out.
One commonly reported suggestion for the decline in Meath football was the advent of the Celtic Tiger, held to have softened the players the county produced.
RET Player has since retired from the county team. INJ Player has had an injury which has affected recent involvement with the county team. WD Player has since withdrawn from the county team due to a non-injury issue.
She is the holder of national record in discus throw set on May 30, 1999 in Krasnodar, Russia. She participated at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia without success.
This biographical article relating to Turkish athletics and track and field is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Most botanists have treated Welwitschia as a distinct monotypic genus in a monotypic family or even order.  Most recent systems place Welwitschia mirabilis in its own family Welwitschiaceae in the gymnosperm order Gnetales, although other extinct species have been placed in this family.
Welwitschia has been classified as a CAM plant (crassulacean acid metabolism) after reconciliation of some initially contradictory and confusing data. There are however some very puzzling aspects to the matter; for example, the employment of the CAM metabolism is very slight, which was part of the reason that it took so long to establish its presence at all; it is not understood why this should be.
The population of Welwitschia mirabilis in the wild is reasonably satisfactory at present. The international trade in the plant is controlled under the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora. Plants in Angola are better protected than those in Namibia, because of the relatively high concentration of land mines in Angola, which keep collectors away.
The Harvard law professor Alan Dershowitz wrote, in a letter to the editor of the Boston Globe, "Surely Dean Thiemann would not have been asked to resign if he had been found using his Harvard-owned computer to keep track of his private stamp collection. Nor would he have been asked to leave if a cleaning person had found a copy of a pornographic magazine in the desk drawer of his Harvard-owned residence. What, then, is the principle, and where are the lines to be drawn?"
This biographical article relating to American golf is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Megachile papuae is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae. It was described by Charles Duncan Michener in 1965.
Lawyer Mike McBride is a curmudgeon with a heart of gold. He takes cases based on their merit rather than on their monetary value, which often leads to terse notices from bill collectors. A disillusioned member of the LAPD, McBride left the force after 12 years and went back to school to become a lawyer. McBride, sidekick Phil Newberry, and McBride's former girlfriend Detective Roberta Hansen, solve crimes through investigation and research.
The station was built by the Interborough Rapid Transit Company (IRT) as part of the Dual Contracts with New York City, and opened on July 1, 1918. The station had its platforms extended in the 1960s, and was renovated in 1994.
This underground station has two side platforms and four tracks. In a fashion similar to the former 91st Street on the same line and 33rd Street on the Lexington Avenue Line, the two center tracks appears to descend within the confines of the station. As a result, the express tracks are at a lower elevation than the local tracks in the northern half of the station. The center tracks are used by the 2 and 3 express trains during daytime hours.
Both platforms have golden mosaic trim lines with blue and green borders and "H" tablets on a light blue background at regular intervals. The large name tablets read "HOUSTON ST." in gold font on a dark blue background and gold border. There are also directional tablets in the same style. Yellow I-beam columns run along both platforms at regular intervals with alternating ones having the standard black station name plate with white Helvetica lettering.
The station's artwork, installed during a 1994 in-house renovation, is entitled Platform Diving by Deborah Brown. It consists of murals on both platforms depicting sea creatures in an underwater subway system.
All fare control areas in this station are at platform level and there are no crossovers or crossunders. On both sides, a turnstile bank leads to a two staircases going up to West Houston and Varick Streets, either western corners on the South Ferry-bound side and either eastern corners on the Bronx-bound side. Only the Bronx-bound side has a token booth; the South Ferry-bound side is unstaffed.
Both platforms have an unstaffed secondary fare control area towards their south ends. Two high entry/exit turnstiles and one exit-only turnstile leads to two staircases going up to Varick and King Streets, either western corners on the South Ferry-bound side and either eastern corners on the Bronx-bound side.
Market Harborough is a market town in the Harborough district of Leicestershire, England, in the far southeast of the county, forming part of the border with Northamptonshire.
Market Harborough was formerly part of Rockingham Forest, a royal hunting forest used by the medieval monarchs starting with William I, whose original boundaries stretched from Market Harborough through to Stamford and included Corby, Kettering, Desborough, Rothwell, Thrapston and Oundle.
Market Harborough has two villages within its confines: Great Bowden lies over a hill about a mile from the town centre; Little Bowden is less than half a mile from the town centre. The three centres have largely coalesced through ribbon development and infill, although Great Bowden continues to retain a strong village identity.
A market was established by 1204 and has been held on a Tuesday ever since 1221. Eventually this market lead to the modern name of Market Harborough.  The trades people of Harborough had large tofts or farm yards at the rear of their property where goods were made and stored. Many of these yards remain but have been subdivided down their length over the years to give frontage to the High Street.
An independent church was established in the Harborough area following the Act of Uniformity 1662 and a meeting house was built in Bowden Lane in 1694.
During the 18th century the timber mud and thatch buildings of the town were largely replaced with brick buildings. After roads were turnpiked and regularly repaired (making wheeled traffic easier all year round) Harborough became a staging point for coach travel on the road to London from the North West and the Midlands. In 1776 the Open Fields of Great Bowden were allotted to individual owners and fenced with hedges planted, followed by those of Little Bowden in 1780.
Market Harborough became a centre for fox hunting with hounds during the 19th century when Mr Tailby of Skeffington Hall established a hunt in South East Leicestershire in 1856. The country between Billesdon and Harborough was considered severe, involving jumping the specially designed ox fences.  His hunting diary is recognised as an important document in the history of hunting. The Hunt was renamed the Fernie after a subsequent Master.
The Grand National Hunt Steeple Chase was held to the south west of the town in 1860, 1861 and 1863. This race and the meeting eventually developed into the Cheltenham Festival and the organisers were part of the founding of organised steeplechasing through the Grand National Hunt Committee.
In 1898, Walter Haddon opened the Caxton Works type foundry on Lathkill Street. The company later diversified into the manufacture of lead acid batteries, changing its name to Tungstone Products. The factory was closed down in 2002.
A covered market hall was opened at the western end of the Cattlemarket in 1938, replacing the market stalls on the Square on Tuesdays and Saturdays.
Following serious flooding in the town centre on 2 July 1958, a flood relief scheme was begun and the river bed was straightened and deepened.
In 1968 the centre of Market Harborough was declared a conservation area. Major developments included the development of headquarters for Golden Wonder crisp makers, and the demolition of the old Symington factory in Adam and Eve Street for redevelopment as Eden Court shops and flats.
During the 1970s, draft proposals were made for an inner relief road to avoid traffic congestion in the town centre. However, it was rejected in favour of a bypass outside the town.
In 1993 the former cattle market, bus station, indoor market and several properties next to the old post office and the former Peacock Hotel were re-developed to form a new pedestrianised shopping centre called St Mary's Place. This included a Sainsbury's supermarket.
A footpath and cycleway alongside the canal to Foxton became part of the National Cycle Network Route 6.  The path continues south following the Brampton Valley Way a long and narrow recreation area on the route of the former railway line to Northampton.
The canal basin was restored as a boating centre called Union Wharf. This consists of workshops, restaurant, studios and flats. There are residential moorings and canal boats can be hired.
A cycle and footway along the river through the town was created called the Millennium Mile and links Welland Park with the railway station. In 2007 Welland Park was awarded Green Flag Award status and in 2008 a large new children's play area was opened.
The Midland Main Line railway connects to London St Pancras. A branch of the Grand Union Canal terminates in the north part of the town and connects to the main canal near Foxton and the Foxton Locks. (see below)
The Parliamentary Constituency is Harborough which includes the town, surrounding rural areas as well as the urban areas of Oadby, Wigston and South Wigston, all southern suburbs of the city of Leicester to the north.
The town is in the southern area of Leicestershire County Council close to the border with Northamptonshire.
One of the town's most notable features is an unusual former grammar school located in the town centre which stands on wooden stilts. The school room had to be built upon posts to allow the butter market to be held on the ground floor. The school was founded in 1607 and built in 1614, through the generosity of Robert Smyth, a poor native of the town who became Comptroller of the Lord Mayor's Court of the City of London and member of the Merchant Taylors' Company.
The subjects taught were Latin, Greek and Hebrew, and many boys were sent to Oxford and Cambridge universities. The most distinguished of these was John Moore, who became Bishop of Norwich in 1691, and Bishop of Ely in 1707 and also William Henry Bragg, Nobel Prize winner. This is commemorated by a plaque inside the old schoolroom.
The grammar school has since moved sites and is now the Robert Smyth Academy for 11- to 18-year-olds. The school badge is the arms of the City of London. The school is divided into houses one of which is named "Bragg".
HM Prison Gartree is west of the town near Foxton and the site of a prisoner escape by helicopter in 1987. The prison caters for prisoners on life sentences.
There are 4,750 VAT or PAYE registered businesses in the Harborough district. Compared to the United Kingdom the Harborough district has a greater proportion of smaller organisations with fewer than 10 employees; 87.16% vs. 82.8% in the UK overall.
Golden Wonder was based at Edinburgh House from 1970 until 2006 when it went into administration under Kroll. The former headquarters has become a Travelodge.
Rubitek Solutions Limited is based in Market Harborough.  They are a SaaS company, delivering solutions for employers and training providers which improve qualification achievement rates for apprentices and other work-based learners.
Market Harborough has an Orchestra and The Harborough Collective, a professional classical ensemble formed by violinist David le Page. BabyGigs is a local initiative bringing live classical music performed by professional players to babies and young children. The Great Bowden Recital Trust is a charitable music organisation.
The town's brass band, The Harborough Band, was formed in 1897 and Market Harborough Choral Society is also long established.
The town is home to The Harborough Singers, a chamber choir. Other choirs include The Dolly Mixtures, the Songbirds ladies' choir, the 90-strong choir of the Great Bowden Recital Trust and a Rock Choir.
Market Harborough Musical Theatre has been active since 1948. Its theatre is located close to St. Dionysius' Church. The theatre is also home to Parsnips Youth Theatre and Octagon films, a club where residents may view films. From 1939 until 1978 the town had a cinema known as the Ritz, now demolished and replaced with residential apartments and shops.
Live music gigs take place at a number of venues and pubs across the town including Joules Yard, The Nag's Head, the Congregational Hall and the Waterfront.
In the 1967 film Robbery, a fictionalised dramatisation of the Great Train Robbery, the scenes at the railway bridge where the robbery took place were shot in the village of Theddingworth, 5 miles west of Market Harborough.
Michael Wood's six-part documentary Story of England tells the story of one place, the village of Kibworth, 6 miles NW of Market Harborough. Filmed largely in around the villages of Kibworth Harcourt, Kibworth Beauchamp and Smeeton Westerby, it was first screened in 2010.
In 2015 J. K. Rowling visited the town and, writing as Robert Galbraith, set part of her third Cormoran Strike novel Career of Evil in Market Harborough.
Hockey: Market Harbrough Hockey Club (MHHC) are based in the town and participate in both winter and summer leagues. The club offers both competitive hockey as well as social hockey. There are three men's teams, three ladies teams, a mixed team, and a mixed U16 Badgers team, as well being popular with juniors. 
Football: Market Harborough has two teams: Harborough Town and Borough Alliance. Both cater for a variety of ages. Harborough Town F.C. has three senior teams, including a women's team. The Northampton Road clubhouse has received Football foundation, council and Bowden's Charity grants and awards, as well as sponsorship money, for improvements. Borough Alliance FC was founded in 2003 playing at Meadowdale School before moving to Symington's recreation ground in 2007.
Squash and Racketball Club. Located in Fairfield Road, it has 5 courts and a bar area. In 2017 the Club was awarded National Club of the Year Award by The Squash Player Magazine.[citation needed]
Cricket: Market Harborough Cricket Club has two cricket teams; Market Harborough CC and Harborough South CC. The former plays in the Leicestershire Premier Cricket League.
Rugby: Market Harborough Rugby Club is near the leisure centre and until recently known as Kibworth Rugby Union Club.
Golf: Market Harborough Golf Club sits to the south of the town itself; much of the golf course crosses over into Northamptonshire and is only about a mile from the Northants village of Great Oxendon. It is an 18-hole course and was set up in 1898.
Running and Athletics: Harborough AC meets every Tuesday at 7.00pm at the Training Shed on St Mary's Road. The club caters for all abilities of runner from beginner to experienced club runners and provides coaching for road, cross country and track running. The club also runs a Junior Section.
Market Harborough station is on the Midland Main Line and operated by East Midlands Railway. London St Pancras is 70 minutes south. Northbound trains operate to Leicester, Nottingham and Sheffield.
Most bus services around the town are operated by Centrebus under contract from Leicestershire County Council while Arriva Midlands operate sapphire route X3 into Leicester and Stagecoach in Northamptonshire operate routes into Leicester, Kettering & Northampton. The town has its own community bus.
The local newspaper the Harborough Mail, founded in 1854, is the oldest media outlet in the area. Published every Thursday, it became part of the JPI Media Group in 2018. It covers south Leicestershire and north Northamptonshire with a mix of local news and sport. It was originally published in broadsheet format, becoming a tabloid in 1942.
The local radio station is much newer. HFM on 102.3FM was formed in November 1994 to provide a local FM station for Market Harborough and South Leicestershire, as it was felt[by whom?] that the established local independent and BBC stations did not cater for the area. OFCOM awarded the station a full-time licence on 15 July 2005 for 24 hours, 365 days a year operation. It is run largely by volunteers but has some freelance presenters.
The station launched full-time on Saturday 10 February 2007, with a live broadcast from The Square in Market Harborough's town centre. The first official voice on the station was that of Chris Jones, Programme Controller, and the first record played was "Are You Ready For Love" by Elton John.
Market Harborough Magazine is a glossy monthly publication covering Market Harborough and its surrounding area.
HLA-DQ3 (DQ3) is a broad serotype category with split antigens HLA-DQ7, DQ8, and DQ9. Historically, originally recognized as MB3 a DC4 serotype, DQw3 was one of three early determined antigens recognized as HLA-DQ along with HLA-DQ1 and HLA-DQ2. While the DQ3 molecules are structurally similar in beta chain, the DQ molecules differ markedly in function, even when present with the same DQ alpha subunit. For this reason they are best treated independently.
The serotyping efficiency of DQ3 recognition relative to DQ2, DQ7, DQ8, and DQ9 is shown to the left. Compared to DQ2 serotyping of DQB1*0201 positive individuals (98%), the efficiency of DQ3 recognition is relatively low and error prone. This compares to genotyping efficiency of 100%. The recognition of DQB1*0303 by DQ9 and or DQ3 is poorest, DQ2 which recognizes a different DBB1*group recognizes DQB1*0303 as efficiently as DQ3.
For this reason DQ3 serotyping is a poor method of typing for transplantation or disease association prediction or study. Nonetheless, it is still widely used and association purported in the literature.
McGowan got his first job in radio in May 1957, when he started as an office boy at 3UZ at the age of 14. His mother had heard about the job while listening to the station. Then he worked at the following radio stations in order: 3TR, 7BU, 7HO, 6PR, 3TR (again), 2NM, 2KA, 2HD, 2UW, 3MP, 3DB, 3AK, 3AW.
McGowan first made a name for himself in Perth at 6PR in the mid-1960s, where he and his station, then known as The Home of the Good Guys rose to the top of the ratings. After his retirement, McGowan stated that his days at 6PR from 1964 to 1968 were the highlight of his career.
McGowan retired in July 2011, after presenting the Overnighters program on 3AW for 21 years. His final program was broadcast on Friday, 22 July 2011. McGowan said the highlight of his career was that after 54 years of broadcasting, "I chose my own time to give it all away".
In the 1960s McGowan hosted a show called Teen Time On Ten on regional Victorian television station GLV-10.
He also compiled and released a nostalgia CD containing tracks by various artists, called And Then Came Rock n Roll.
McGowan published six books, known as the Overnighters books. Titles include Thanks for the Memories, You Must Remember This, Motherhood and Apple Pie "The way we were" Good on You, Dad and "Down memory lane".
Following his retirement he was a regular contributor on radioinfo a website for broadcast professionals.
McGowan married his wife, Angela, in February 2006 on a paddle steamer in Echuca, Victoria. He had a son and a daughter from his first marriage, to Jill.
McGowan bred and raced standard-bred (harness) horses and travelled extensively throughout Australia, particularly in the outback. He supported the St Kilda Football Club and Melbourne Storm.[citation needed]
Overnight on 19 December 2013, McGowan suffered a stroke in his sleep and died at approximately 11.00pm on 22 December 2013, after his life support was switched off.
McGowan was recognised in the 2014 Queen's Birthday Honours with an OAM for his service to broadcast media spanning 54 years.
This article related to members of the fly subfamily Phasiinae is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Peri-implantitis is a destructive inflammatory process affecting the soft and hard tissues surrounding dental implants. The soft tissues become inflamed whereas the alveolar bone (hard tissue), which surrounds the implant for the purposes of retention, is lost over time. 
 The bone loss involved in peri-implantitis differentiates this condition from peri-mucositis, a reversible inflammatory reaction involving only the soft tissues around the implant.
Peri-implantitis does not present in the same way for all patients. Patients are recommended to regularly attend dental appointments and to seek advice from their dentist if they have any concerns for their oral health.
Before the signs and symptoms are explained, it is worth noting that healthy peri-implant tissue should not be swollen, bleeding, producing pus, or have a reddened appearance.
From a patient's perspective, he/she may notice loosening or wobbling of the implant. This symptom does not usually present at the early stages of peri-implantitis as the implant will still be fused to bone at its deeper aspects. It is more likely that the patient will notice bleeding whilst brushing their teeth. A patient may also notice swelling around the implant, bad breath and/or foul taste.
Other reported features include pain and gingival hyperplasia. Pain is thought to be a rare symptom and is usually linked to an acute infection.
In healthy situation, there should be no sign of bone loss other than potential bone remodelling at the alveolar crest following implant placement.
The shape of the alveolar bone in regions of bone loss varies depending on the buccal-lingual length (or cheek-to-tongue length) of the bone. Where this length is greater than the extent of the peri-implantitis, the region of bone loss can take the shape of a crater, with walls of bone surrounding the pathology; this is the most common presentation of bone loss. Where the buccal-lingual length is smaller, there may be no walls of bone surrounding the pathology.
Bleeding on probing is considered normal whilst tissues are healing shortly after implant placement, however, if bleeding is present months or years after placement, inflammation should be suspected. Other features which may be present whilst probing include pus, the presence of a pocket around the implant and/or recession of the gums. The dental professional may also notice swelling and redness of the gums, the latter of which is termed erythema.
During probing, it is important to note that the pocket depth around an implant is typically greater than around natural teeth. Also, the value for the pocket depth around an implant is variable in health, therefore, diagnosis of a pocket is reliant on a change in pocket depth when comparing measurements from different appointments. For this reason, a Basic Periodontal Examination (BPE) is not appropriate, and a 4 or 6 point pocket chart is instead recommended.
Studies in both human and animal specimens found that the presence of plaque and its conglomeration around tissues invariably concluded in inflammation around the peri-implant soft tissue.
To find the pathology of peri-implantitis, experiments were compared to peri-mucositis, and found that in peri-implantitis, there were more neutrophil granulocytes and a bigger proportion of (CD19+) B-cells. Similarly in periodontitis, peri-implantitis lesions contained many plasma cells and lymphocytes, however there were a larger ratio of macrophage cells and leukocytic cells.
Lack of regular maintenance therapy. To avoid this, regular dental visits should be arranged to enable early detection and management of peri-implantitis.
Excess cement. The cement is used to retain the implant, although its potentially rough surface may aid with plaque retention. Therefore, any residual cement surrounding the implant abutment interface can give rise to peri-implantitis.  The alternative to cement is a screw-retained implant, although some studies have reported a higher risk of peri-implantitis with these compared to cement-retained implants.
Further research is required to establish whether the following are indeed risk factors for peri-implantitis:
Despite its association with a number of oral maladies, there is some debate as to whether smoking is a risk factor for peri-implantitis despite its association with periodontitis.
Peri-implant disease is an umbrella term for inflammatory diseases of tissues including both peri-implantitis and peri-implant mucositis. Peri-implant mucositis is a disease where inflammation is limited to the surrounding mucosa of an implant whereby peri-implantitis an inflammatory disease affecting mucosa as well as bone.
Peri-implant mucositis becomes peri-implantitis when bone resorption is identified around the implant on a radiograph as well as all the signs associated with peri-implant mucositis is seen. Often, pus may also exude from the tissues surrounding the implant. However, mobility of the implant is not a sign of peri-implantitis as this disease begins at the margins of the implant. Only in the most severe cases of peri-implantitis, implant mobility may be observed where minimal bone tissue remains.
If peri-implant mucositis is present, it must be treated to deter it from progressing to peri-implantitis, for which currently, there are no treatments to reverse its effects.
Dentists are responsible for ensuring that different elements of the implant should be of the correct size to avoid creating additional surfaces which bacteria can colonise. Margins of the restoration should be placed supra-gingivally in order to remove any extruded cement during placement. After implant placement, dentists must carefully and regularly monitor the health of the peri-implant mucosa at suitable intervals, e.g. every 3/6/12 months.
Cumulative interceptive supportive therapy, a protocol of therapeutic measures, provides guidance for clinicians to decide which regime should be used to treat peri-implantitis, depending on the mucosal condition (whether there is a presence of dental plaque, bleeding on gentle probing, suppuration), peri-implant probing depth, and evidence of radiographic bone loss.
To prevent roughening and damaging of the implant surface, ultrasonic scalers with a non-metallic tip or resin/carbon fiber curettes are used for calculus removal. Conventional steel curettes or ultrasonic instruments with metal tips should be avoided as implant surface can be damaged, and any residual marks increase implant susceptibility to plaque accumulation in the future. Polishing with rubber cups and polishing paste also aids in plaque removal.
Aruba has competed at the World Athletics Championships on eleven occasions. It did not send a delegation for the 1983 championships or the editions from 2001 to 2009. Its competing country code is ARU. The country has not won any medals at the competition and as of 2019 no Aruban athlete has reached the top eight of an event. Its best performance is by Cornelia Melis, who placed 21st in the 1991 women's marathon.
One athlete represented Aruba at the 1991 World Championships in Athletics: Cornelia Melis ran a time of 2:58:18 to finish 21st in the women's marathon.
One athlete represented Aruba at the 1997 World Championships in Athletics: Miguel Janssen ran a time of 10.47 to finish 56th overall in men's 100 metres heats.
Two athletes represented Aruba at the 2011 World Championships in Athletics. Geronimo Goeloe ran in the men's 100 metres, progressing beyond the preliminary round before being eliminated in the heats stage. Shariska Winterdal competed in the women's marathon, finishing in 46th place with a time of 3:49:48.
One athlete represented Aruba at the 2015 World Championships in Athletics: Quincy Breell failed to record a valid jump in men's long jump qualifying.
One athlete represented Aruba at the 2019 World Athletics Championships: in the heats of the men's 5000 metres, Jonathan Busby struggled to finish the distance on his own and fellow competitor Braima Suncar Dabo of Guinea-Bissau helped him to the finish line, which ultimately resulted in his disqualification. Dabo's act of kindness was widely reported and the pair were present for Dabo receiving the International Fair Play Award at the World Athletics Awards later that year.
From 2010 he is assistant director of the Federation for University Sport of France (FFSU) charged with Handi-U, the Federations disability sports initiative.
Lotte Eriksen (born 24 January 1987, in Stavanger) is a professional squash player who represents Norway. She reached a career-high world ranking of World No. 53 in December 2014.
This biographical article relating to Norwegian sport is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Pulyaev is married and graduated from the University of the Interior Ministry branch in Ryazan. He is a member of the Ryazan police force department.
Turitea Wind Farm is a wind farm being built by Mercury Energy which, when complete, will become the largest wind farm in New Zealand. Most of the land is located in the Turitea Reserve, near Turitea, in Palmerston North, New Zealand.  The project was initially planned for 131 wind turbines with a capacity of over 300 MW, while final approval was given for 60 turbines.
The wind farm is proposed for both land owned by the Palmerston North District Council and surrounding private farm land.  In 2005, and following a competitive bid process, the Council selected Mercury (then called Mighty River Power) to develop the project.
Construction of the Northern stage, consisting of 33 turbines, began in October 2019. Commissioning was initially expected in early 2021, however this was revised after challenges with the overland transport of turbine blades and commissioning is now expected in October 2021. Construction of the Southern stage of 27 turbines will follow.
Work on the wind farm was halted when the country went into lockdown in March 2020. In December 2020, a ship fire at the Port of Napier destroyed 12 nacelles and 11 hubs destined for the Southern stage.
The wind-farm generated its first electricity on 30 July 2021. The northern stage was completed in October 2021.
In January 2005 after receiving multiple approaches from New Zealand electricity generators, the Palmerston North City Council sought a commercial partner for the construction of a wind farm in the Turitea Reserve. In August 2005 it signed a deal with Mighty River Power for development of the wind farm. The deal included plans for an eco-park funded by the city from wind-farm revenues, and for "milestone payments" from Mighty River to the council at various stages of the consent process.
The council began consultation on changes to the reserve's management plan in August 2006. The proposal was opposed by Forest and Bird and the Department of Conservation as damaging the integrity of the reserve and potentially contravening the Reserves Act 1977. In October 2006 the Palmerston North City Council changed the purpose of the reserve to include renewable electricity generation. A subsequent court challenge to the decision was unsuccessful.
Mighty River Power applied for resource consents for 131 turbines in 2008, and later applied to the Environment Minister for the project to be called in under the Resource Management Act.  The call in process can result in faster processing of major projects, but in this case it coincided with the 2008 election and change of government.  The Palmerston North City Council decided to continue with processing of the application, despite Mighty River Power's application for call-in.
In December 2008, the Minister for the Environment, Nick Smith, directed that the project be called in and the Board of Inquiry invited submissions and commenced sitting in 2009.  The hearing adjourned for a period in 2009, to enable Mighty River Power to redesign the proposal, reducing it to 104 turbines.  In 2010, the Board resumed the hearing, with a draft decision in February 2011 permitting 61 turbines.
In 2011, the Board issued its final decision, approving a wind farm of 60 turbines, up to 3MW each. In October 2011, Mighty River Power stated in its annual report that the Turitea Wind Farm was not likely to be economically viable before 2015.
The black-and-white owl is mostly found in gallery forests and rainforest, but is also found in wet deciduous and mangrove forests, usually at an altitude between sea level and 2400 meters. Small ponds are also often visited by this species when hunting. It usually nests in the foliage of large, tall trees such as mahogany. This owl is not afraid of living near human habitations.
Its range extends from central Mexico south to the northwestern section of Peru and western Colombia, a range it partially shares with another related species: the mottled owl (Strix virgata).  In total, it is found in 12 countries: Belize, Colombia, Costa Rica, Ecuador, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Mexico, Nicaragua, Panama, Peru, and Venezuela. This bird of prey also stays faithful to its range all year long as it is a non-migratory bird.
Its call consists of a series of rapid, guttural, low calls, followed by a short pause and a low, airy call and a faint, short hoot. Occasionally, it is shortened to just the last two notes, leaving out the opening series. Moreover, the female's call usually sounds louder than the male's and individuals make fainter "hoots" near their nest. Just like their parents, younglings can produce strident cries, but also communicate by clacking their beak.
Princess Margaret Blvd. is a Canadian drama short film, directed by Kazik Radwanski and released in 2008. Made as a class project by Radwanski and producer Daniel Montgomery for their final year of film studies at Ryerson University, the film stars Gina Sylvester as Isabelle Rodarte, a woman coming to terms with her diagnosis with Alzheimer's disease.
The film was named to the Toronto International Film Festival's year-end Canada's Top Ten list for 2008, and received a Genie Award nomination for Best Live Action Short Drama at the 30th Genie Awards.
This article related to a Canadian film of the 2000s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Anneke van Giersbergen & Agua de Annique was the solo project of the former The Gathering vocalist, Anneke van Giersbergen.
The project was announced on 5 June 2007, the same day that both The Gathering and Anneke van Giersbergen issued separate announcements that van Giersbergen would leave the band in August.
For the week ending 2 July 2009, Pure Air (a compilation of tracks from Air but also of songs featuring Anneke with other artists like Within Temptation) entered the GfK Dutch Charts at No.42 during the first week of release, her highest ever chart position.
A second album, titled In Your Room, was released on 30 October 2009. Under the name Anneke van Giersbergen & Agua de Annique, they released the concert album Live in Europe in 2010.
In 2011, Anneke signed to PIAS Records as a solo artist. Her debut album under her own name, Everything Is Changing, was released on 20 January 2012.
Much of the church's expense was donated by James Bandinel in dedication to his father Dr. Bandinel, who served as vicar of Netherbury. The vicar had envisioned the construction of a church to serve Melplash since the 1790s, however he died before he could bring his plans to fruition. Bandinel also gifted the plot of land for the church and financed a permanent endowment.
The foundation stone was laid by the Revd S. Hay on 15 May 1845 in the presence of 4,000 people and the church built by Mr. Davis of Langport to the designs of Benjamin Ferrey. Christ Church was consecrated by the Bishop of Salisbury, the Rt Revd Edward Denison, on 20 October 1846.
To serve the educational needs of the village, Bandinel donated further land and paid for the construction of a school adjacent to the church, dated 1849 and now converted into a house. The church's original parsonage, a converted farmhouse at Camesworth also provided by Bandinel, was burnt down in 1882 and replaced with a new residence on a nearby site. A new vicarage was later built adjoining the church in 1924.
In 1975, the church underwent internal alterations to allow the nave to be screened off for use as a hall and badminton court.
Christ Church is built of local stone with Ham stone dressings and roofs of slate and lead, in a Neo-Norman style. It was built with a cruciform plan, containing a central tower, four-bay nave, apsidal chancel, north and south transepts, north vestry and south porch.
NBA 2K2 is a sports video game developed by Visual Concepts and published by Sega for Dreamcast, PlayStation 2, Xbox and GameCube. NBA 2K2 featured more street courts such as Mosswood, Fonde Rec Center, Venice Beach, etc. The cover athlete is Allen Iverson of the Philadelphia 76ers.
It is also one of the few games to cross all the 6th generation platforms, alongside Puyo Pop Fever and Capcom vs. SNK 2.
Modes of play include Exhibition, an adjustable Season (from 14 to 82 games), Practice, Tourney, Playoffs, Fantasy, where players can create a custom tournament or league after drafting, and Franchise, which involves signing free agents, cutting players, making trades, and scouting for new talent before embarking on consecutive seasons. Players can also edit or create a team using ten custom logos as well as design their own star athlete from scratch.
The game received "universal acclaim" on all platforms except the PlayStation 2 version, which received "generally favorable reviews", according to video game review aggregator Metacritic. GameSpot named it 2001's best traditional sports game released for game consoles. It was a runner-up for the publication's "Best Dreamcast Game" award, but lost to Phantasy Star Online.
In 2016, it was proposed that all London rail services be transferred to Transport for London to create a London Suburban Metro, which would bring the line back under the jurisdiction of TfL.
The GN&CR generating station closed when the MR took over, and became the studio of Gainsborough Pictures. After lying derelict for many years, it became a temporary venue for the Almeida Theatre. It has since been redeveloped as apartments.
In 1970 the line was connected (as intended by its original promoters) to the mainline via the high level platforms at Finsbury Park as part of a wider plan to electrify ECML suburban services. The line was renamed Northern line (Highbury Branch) and the following year an agreement was made to transfer it to British Rail. Commuter trains were run to/from Moorgate instead of King's Cross, relieving congestion at King's Cross.
From Finsbury Park to Drayton Park traction current is supplied at 25 kV AC via overhead line, controlled by York Electrical Control Room.
From Drayton Park to Moorgate traction current is supplied at 750 V DC via third rail. There are two electrical sections, separated by a gap at Poole Street:
Trains change from AC to DC traction supply, or vice versa, whilst standing at Drayton Park station. The platform starting signal on the Up platform at Drayton Park is held at danger (red) as the train approaches. This ensures that all trains stop to lower the pantograph before going into the tunnel.
Signalling is controlled from Kings Cross power box. Between Drayton Park and Moorgate, there is no Automatic Warning System or Train Protection & Warning System equipment provided, due to the position of the auxiliary return rail. All signals are multiple aspect colour light signals fitted with train stop arms.
Because mainline trains operate over the infrastructure inherited from London Underground, there are some practices on the NCL which differ from Railway Rulebook instructions, and these are contained in an additional publication. These include:
Platform starting signals, which let the train into a tunnel, can only be passed at danger with the signaller's authority.
On reaching the failed train, the assisting driver will stop short then clip their tunnel telephone onto the tunnel wires so that they can discuss with the driver of the failed train how to carry out the assistance in order to get the trains moving again. Then the two trains are coupled together and the drivers can talk to each other over the usual cab-to-cab handsets before proceeding.
The original fleet of 76 carriages was withdrawn and replaced by London Underground Standard Stock on 15 May 1939. These became the last pre-1938 trains running on the Underground, being phased out during the last weeks of October 1966 through 3 November. 1938 tube stock serviced the line, in variously three-, four- and six-car formations, until its temporary closure on 4 October 1975.
The Moorgate tube crash, the most serious accident on the London Underground, occurred at Moorgate on 28 February 1975, when a Highbury Branch train ran through the terminus at speed and crashed into the dead end of the tunnel beyond. The cause of the crash, which killed 43 people, was never determined. A report found that there was insufficient evidence to say if it was a deliberate act of the driver or due to a medical condition.
This is the number of passengers using stations on the line from the year beginning April 2002 to the year beginning April 2019.
This biographical article related to a Japanese association football midfielder born in the 1990s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The city got its name from Khusrau Shah, king of the Justanids during the 10th century. The words "Khosrow" and "Shah" are both Iranian words that mean "king".
Maria's father died aged 26 in 1612 when she was only three years old, and was succeeded as Duke of Mantua by his two brothers, who had no issue. This made Maria and her husband Charles of Nevers in 1627 successors to the two Duchies. Maria was already Duchess of Montferrat since 1612. This led to the War of Mantuan Succession.
The outcome was that, after the death of her husband Charles in 1631, his father Charles became the new Duke of Mantua until his death in 1637.
Maria exercised the regency of Mantua on behalf of her son for ten years, until 1647. She died in 1660, aged 51.
Syrnola adamsi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Indra Gunawan (born October 12, 1982) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for PSAP Sigli in the Indonesia Super League.
This biographical article related to association football in Indonesia, about a midfielder, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
In theoretical computer science, Actor model theory concerns theoretical issues for the Actor model.
Actors are the primitives that form the basis of the Actor model of concurrent digital computation.  In response to a message that it receives, an Actor can make local decisions, create more Actors, send more messages, and designate how to respond to the next message received.  Actor model theory incorporates theories of the events and structures of Actor computations, their proof theory, and denotational models.
From the definition of an Actor, it can be seen that numerous events take place:  local decisions, creating Actors, sending messages, receiving messages, and designating how to respond to the next message received.
However, this article focuses on just those events that are the arrival of a message sent to an Actor.
However, [Clinger 1981] surprisingly proved that the Law of Finite Chains Between Events in the Combined Ordering is independent of the previous laws, i.e.,
Theorem.  The Law of Finite Chains Between Events in the Combined Ordering does not follow from the previously stated laws.
Proof.  It is sufficient to show that there is an Actor computation that satisfies the previously stated laws but violates the Law of Finite Chains Between Events in the Combined Ordering.
However, we know from physics that infinite energy cannot be expended along a finite trajectory.  Therefore, since the Actor model is based on physics, the Law of Finite Chains Between Events in the Combined Ordering was taken as an axiom of the Actor model.
The Law of Finite Chains Between Events in the Combined Ordering is closely related to the following law:
The law of discreteness rules out Zeno machines and is related to results on Petri nets [Best et al. 1984, 1987].
The Law of Discreteness implies the property of unbounded nondeterminism.  The combined ordering is used by [Clinger 1981] in the construction of a denotational model of Actors (see denotational semantics).
Clinger  used the Actor event model described above to construct a denotational model for Actors using power domains.   Subsequently Hewitt  augmented the diagrams with arrival times to construct a technically simpler denotational model that is easier to understand.
Capt'n Sailorbird is an American syndicated animated television series which debuted in 1959.  An anthology series of sorts, the Sailorbird character introduced (via newly animated wraparound segments) foreign language cartoons which were reedited and dubbed into English for the series by Paul Killiam. 190 five-minute episodes were produced, which were inserted into individual stations' children's shows.  Longer cartoons were serialized over the course of multiple episodes.
In his review for AllMusic, William Ruhlmann called the album "his most polished effort yet as a performer". Ruhlmann noted the "lush tracks full of tasty playing and warm string charts", and continued:
The gorge is known primarily for a cave that was the only inland site in Australia with evidence of continuous human occupation for over 46,000 years, including through the last Ice Age. The cave was permanently destroyed by mining company Rio Tinto in May 2020.  Ministerial consent had been given to expand Rio Tinto's mine in 2013 under WA legislation.
Prior to its destruction, the cave in Juukan Gorge was a sacred site for the traditional owners of the land, the Puutu Kunti Kurrama and Pinikura (Binigura) peoples.
The archaeological significance of the Juukan Gorge was known at least since 2009, when Slack et al. reported on the "two rock shelters  with Aboriginal occupation starting at least 32,000 years ago and extending throughout the Last Glacial period".
PKKP heritage manager Heather Builth told Rio Tinto that the site was one of the "top five" most significant in the whole of the Pilbara region, and archaeologist Michael Slack had told them that one of the rock shelters, Juukan 2, was of "the highest archaeological significance in Australia", saying that its significance "could not be overstated", being "[the only] site of this age with faunal remains in unequivocal association with stone tools".
After this aroused widespread international media coverage and public outcry, Rio Tinto apologised to the Puutu Kunti Kurrama and the Pinikura peoples for the destruction of the caves and for causing distress. The CEO of the iron ore group apologised on behalf of the company on 17 June. The National Native Title Council (NNTC) issued a request to the federal government asking for national legislation for Indigenous cultural heritage.
Submission 152 showed that Rio Tinto had received ministerial consent to damage the site in 2013 under Section 18 in the pursuit of expanding their iron ore mining operations. The PKKP had not objected to the Section 18, despite having taken part to the excavation works in 2009 (see Slack report above).
The report also recommends that the Western Australian Government review and reform the current state heritage laws, and that the federal government review the Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Heritage Protection Act 1984. It also outlines deficiencies in the WA Act.
After the publication of the report, Senator Pat Dodson tweeted "The destruction of these ancient sites was a disaster for our nation and the world".
The inquiry continues to investigate the failings of state and Commonwealth heritage protection laws, as Rio Tinto's action was technically legal, after they had obtained permission in 2013, under Section 18 of WA's Aboriginal Heritage Act 1972 to go ahead with their blasting operations. The full report is due to be published in 2021.
Withdrawn from the front to Sankt Petersburg, the soldiers of the regiment rebelled, killed their officers and took part in the Bolshevik Revolution. The forces of the regiment remained in Petersburg until October, when the unit was disbanded and its forces formed the core of the local Red Army units.
Correa is originally from Yuba City, Ca. She moved from San Diego, where she had attended college, to Los Angeles and formed the band Correatown in 2007. The name of the band was taken from a nickname a friend had given her.
She also provided the singing voice for Darlene Madison (played onscreen by Jenna Fischer) in the movie Walk Hard: The Dewey Cox Story.
Correa is also a member of the folk duo Les Shelleys, a project created with Tom Brosseau in 2003. Their debut record Les Shelleys was released in Fall 2010 on Brighton's FatCat Records. They toured both the US and Europe extensively in support of the album throughout 2010.
The Saint Paul's Church (Dutch: Sint-Pauluskerk) is a Roman Catholic church building in Vaals, Netherlands. The neogothic cross shaped church was built in 1891-1893 by Johannes Kayser, replacing an earlier Saint Paul's Church nearby. The building is used as parish church for the local Saint Paul parish. Patron saint for the church is Saint Paul. It has been listed as a rijksmonument, making it a national heritage site of the Netherlands.
Norman Leslie Smith was born 13 July 1890 in North Richmond, Sydney, Australia to Bill Smith and his spouse Cecilia, the youngest of nine children. Both his parents were farmers. Smith was a protege of motor vehicle importer Issac Phizackerley.
In March 1930, Smith filed a request to be allowed to continue naming his race car Anzac. His request was denied on the grounds that it was a breach of the Australian law. In addition to driving, Smith also penned journal entries for newspapers like The Sun and The Sunday Times.
He was born at Rocca Contrada (modern Arcevia, then part of the Papal States), and was a follower of the styles of Pietro Perugino and Raphael. He is asserted to have been still alive in 1588.
This article about an Italian painter born in the 16th century is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
As a disjunct, it is the only genus of the family outside of South America, as the genus's only known species is Maschalocephalus dinklagei, native to West Africa (Guinea, Ivory Coast, Liberia, Sierra Leone).
A trigger is a mechanism that actuates the function of a ranged weapon such as a firearm, airgun, crossbow, or speargun. The word may also be used to describe a switch that initiates the operation of other non-shooting devices such as a trap, a power tool or a quick release. A small amount of energy applied to the trigger leads to the release of much more energy.
When considering practical accuracy of a firearm, the trigger takeup is often considered the least critical stage of the trigger pull. Often triggers are classified as either single-stage or two-stage based on the takeup.
A single-stage trigger is often called direct trigger, and is popular on hunting rifles. A two-stage trigger is often called pressure trigger, and is popular on competition rifles.
Some fully adjustable triggers can be adjusted to function as either a single-stage or two-stage trigger by adjusting the takeup. Setting the takeup travel (also known as the first stage) to near zero essentially makes the trigger a single-stage trigger. Some single-stage triggers (e.g. Glock trigger, Savage AccuTrigger) has an integral safety with a noticeable spring resistance that can functionally mimic a two-stage trigger.
The trigger break is named for the sudden loss of resistance when the sear reaches the point of release, which is described as resembling the breaking of rigid materials when the strength fails under stress. The actuation force required to overcome the sear resistance during the break is known as the trigger weight, which is usually measured in pounds with a force gauge.
When user releases the trigger and it travels to its resting position. On semiauto firearms the movement eventually passes by reset position where trigger-disconnector mechanism resets itself to its resting state, in which pulling the trigger releases the sear. The reset event does not occur in double action firearms and in full auto firearms.
A single-action (SA) trigger is the earliest and mechanically simplest of trigger types. It is called the "single-action" because it performs the single function of releasing the hammer/striker (and nothing else), while the hammer/striker must be cocked by separate means. Almost all single-shot and repeating long arms (rifles, shotguns, submachine guns, machine guns, etc.) use this type of trigger.
A double-action/single-action (DA/SA) trigger is a hybrid design combining the features of both single- and double-action mechanisms. It is also known as traditional double-action (TDA), as the vast majority of modern "double-action" handguns (both revolvers and semi-automatic pistols) use this type of triggers instead of "double-action only" (DAO).
A release trigger releases the hammer or striker when the trigger is released by the shooter, rather than when it is pulled. Release triggers are largely used on shotguns intended for trap and skeet shooting.[citation needed]
A set trigger allows a shooter to have a greatly reduced trigger pull (the resistance of the trigger) while maintaining a degree of safety in the field compared to having a conventional, very light trigger. There are two types: single set and double set. Set triggers are most likely to be seen on customized weapons and competition rifles where a light trigger pull is beneficial to accuracy.
A double-crescent trigger provides select fire capability without the need for a fire mode selector switch. Pressing the upper segment of the trigger produced semi-automatic fire, while holding the lower segment of the trigger produced fully automatic fire. Though considered innovative at the time, the feature was eliminated on most firearms due to its complexity. Examples include MG 34, Kg m/40 light machine gun, M1946 Sieg automatic rifle, and Star Model Z-70.
A progressive, or staged trigger allows different firing rates based on how far it is depressed. For example, when pulled lightly, the weapon will fire a single shot. When depressed further, the weapon fires at a fully automatic rate. Examples include FN P90, Jatimatic, CZ Model 25, PM-63, BXP, F1 submachine gun, Vigneron submachine gun, Wimmersperg Spz-kr, and Steyr AUG.
Double-action triggers provide the ability to fire the gun whether the hammer is cocked or uncocked. This feature is desirable for military, police, or self-defense pistols. The primary disadvantage of any double-action trigger is the extra length the trigger must be pulled and the extra weight required to overcome the spring tension of the hammer or striker.
This order Pleuronectiformes (flatfish) related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Lavrentiev graduated from the Moscow Power Engineering Institute in 1931 and became a teacher at the Institute.
From 1938 to 1939, he worked as an employee of the apparatus of the People's Commissariat of Heavy Industry of the USSR. In 1939 he was the head of the Eastern European department of the USSR People's Commissariat of Foreign Affairs.
From 1939 to 1940 he was the ambassador of the USSR in Bulgaria. From 1940 to 1941 years he served as Plenipotentiary representative of the USSR in Romania and from 1941 he served as the Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary Envoy of the USSR in Romania.
In 1943 he served as the Head of the European Department of the USSR People's Commissariat of Foreign Affairs. From 1943 to 1944 he served as Head of the Middle East Department of the USSR People's Commissariat of Foreign Affairs.
From 1944 to 1946 he served as People's Commissar for Foreign Affairs of the Russian SFSR. From 1946 to 1949 he served as Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary Ambassador of the USSR in Yugoslavia.
From 1951 to 1952 he served as Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary Ambassador of the USSR in Czechoslovakia. From 1952 to 1953 he served as Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary Ambassador of the USSR in Romania.
Hammers Over the Anvil is a 1993 Australian biographical romantic drama film starring Russell Crowe and directed by Ann Turner, who also writer with Peter Hepworth. The film is based on the novel of the same name by Alan Marshall. The original music score is composed by Not Drowning, Waving.
The project had been around for a number of years. The script was originally written by Peter Hepworth then rewritten by Ann Turner.
It is set and filming in South Australia's Red Creek in seven weeks on 11 October and 29 November 1991.
This article related to an Australian film of the 1990s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This biographical article related to a Norwegian association football midfielder is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Jordan Jeremiah Brown (born 12 November 1991) is a German footballer who plays as a midfielder for Eintracht Norderstedt.
This biographical article related to association football in Germany, about a midfielder born in the 1990s, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Eisenberg graduated with a BA in Psychology from Stanford University in 1990 and a JD from Harvard Law School in 1993.
Starting in 1995 Eisenberg wrote one of the earliest blogs called "Read Me." She continued until 2000, at which time she signed off, explaining she had found "a life." The term "blog" had not yet been coined. It was known at the time as an "online diary." In 1999 she was ranked as one of the 25 most important women on the web for her contributions to technology journalism.
Northrise University is a private, Christian, university in Ndola, Zambia. It was founded in 2003 by Dr Moffat Zimba and Mrs Doreen Zimba.
NU has local and international students who receive training in academic disciplines at undergraduate and postgraduate levels. While Northrise offers a nationally accredited  education that is founded upon Christian principles, the university accepts students of all faiths. Northrise University as at August 16, 2017 has 700 students and 77 academic faculty members. The university has produced a  total of 314 graduates working in different sectors of Zambia's economy.
The university is in partnership with Dordt College in Sioux Center, Iowa; California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo, California, United States; Shanghai Normal University, China; and Fontys University of Applied Sciences in the Netherlands and Baylor University in Waco, TX.
Northrise University offers two-year diplomas and both bachelor's and master's degrees from the Schools of Business and Theology.
Northrise University is in Ndola, Zambia. The campus, in the business centre of the town, is on Buteko Avenue in Caravelle House, opposite the Savoy Hotel.
Caravelle House, wholly owned by Northrise University, is a four-storey building able to cater for 300 students. As of 2018, the building is currently not in use.
The campus construction is taking place in phases. After completion it will be able to enroll 1000 students and a total capacity of 300 boarding places.
Northrise University offers opportunities for donors to sponsor students, as most Zambians cannot afford full tuition on their own. Those who receive financial aid are required to contribute to their tuition, which gives students a greater sense of ownership and accomplishment.[citation needed]
Northrise Services is a company owned by Northrise University. Because of the poor state of the economy, most Zambians cannot afford to pay tuition to attend classes. Since tuition alone cannot fund University operations, Northrise has had to find additional sources of funding other than donations. Therefore, NS was created to help ensure that the university has the financial support it needs to continue.[citation needed]
Maron was born in Greensboro, North Carolina and grew up in central Johnston County; she had also lived in Italy. She and her husband, artist Joe Maron, lived in Brooklyn before returning to her home state in 1972. Maron died of complications from a stroke.
Maron was the author of numerous short stories and more than 20 mystery novels to date.[as of?] One series of novels features Sigrid Harald, a loner lieutenant in the NYPD whose policeman father was killed in the line of duty when she was a toddler (The Right Jack: a Sigrid Harald Mystery). Another series follows the adventures of Judge Deborah Knott, attorney and daughter of an infamous North Carolina bootlegger.
Her works have been translated into a dozen languages and are on the reading lists of many courses in contemporary Southern literature, as well as Crime and Mystery literature courses.
Maron was a founding member and past president of Sisters in Crime and of the American Crime Writers' League, and a director on the national board for Mystery Writers of America. She was a keynote speaker at the Great Manhattan Mystery Conclave in 2004.
Maron received a number of awards for her work from the various awarding bodies of the mystery fiction genre.
Her first novel to receive recognition was Corpus Christmas, which was nominated for the 1989 Agatha Award and the 1990 Anthony Award in the "Best Novel" category. Her first short story to be met with critical acclaim was "Deborah's Judgment", which won the 1991 Agatha Award and was also nominated for the Anthony Award and the Macavity Award the following year for "Best Short-story".
Her novel Bootlegger's Daughter was very well received, winning the 1992 Agatha and the Anthony, Edgar and Macavity awards for "Best Novel" the following year. Additionally in 1993, Marons short story "...That Married Dear Old Dad" was nominated for the "Best Short-story" Agatha and her novel Southern Discomfort was nominated for the "Best Novel" Agatha award. Southern Discomfort was again honoured the following year, picking up a nomination at the 1994 Anthony Awards, again for "Best Novel".
Last Lessons of Summer  was nominated for an Agatha Award in 2003; High Country Fall was nominated for an Agatha Award in 2004 and also picked up a Macavity nomination the following year, the same year in which her novel Rituals of the Season picked up yet another Agatha nomination. Hard Row also received an Agatha Award nomination, this time in 2007. Three-Day Town won the 2011 Agatha Award for "Best Novel".
Maron received an honorary doctorate from and gave the commencement address to the University of North Carolina at Greensboro in May 2010, where she was a student for two years. In 2016, she was inducted into the North Carolina Literary Hall of Fame.
The Victoria River, a perennial river of the North-East Murray catchment of the Murray-Darling basin, is located in the East Gippsland and alpine regions of Victoria, Australia.
The river is traversed by Great Alpine Road near Cobungra. The Victoria River Track, a walking trail, follows much of the course of the river.
This article related to a river in Victoria (Australia) is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The transaction from Caesars Entertainment to GSR Corp involving the $151 million sale of the Reno Hilton was lengthy. The sale was announced in early May 2005 but wasn't completed until June 2006 due to finance and licensing problems.
After all problems were addressed with all parties involved, the Reno Hilton became the Grand Sierra Resort and Casino on June 24, 2006.
In Spring 2013, it was announced Meruelo Group had a firm deal to acquire an Atlantic City Casino and Hotel Trump Plaza for $20 million, however, in April 2013, that deal was put on hold as the parent company's mortgage holder put a stop to the deal. Meruelo was still committed to acquiring it and expanding their network of hotel/casinos. Another renovation for the meeting space occurred in the summer of 2015.
Grand Sierra Cinema is a two auditorium theater located in the lower level mall. The theater features movies that recently left mainstream theaters but haven't yet reached DVD for just $4. Movies are played once on weeknights and twice on weekend nights.
Fun Quest is the resort's family entertainment center. Attractions in the FEC include a Laser Tag arena. Formerly Q-Zar/Quazar, it was converted to a Lazer Runner system in January 2007. In addition, a second arena was recently added for Battlefield Live.
A recent addition in the form of an escape room, Breakthrough Reno, now resides inside of the Grand Sierra Resort across from the Fun Quest center themed around an old hotel.
Grand Adventure Land is located at the northwest corner of the resort's property. Essentially a miniature amusement park featuring upcharge attractions, the park contains a 180-foot Skycoaster, and three go-cart tracks.
Grand Bay Driving Range is located at the southeast corner of the resort property along the north shore of the Grand Bay. The outdoor range features eight island greens, each varying in distance and difficulty, dotted along a large body of water. The range also features club rentals, a pro shop and snacks and beverages.
Grand Sierra Wedding Chapel offers two venues to host weddings. One is located inside on the lower level of the hotel and the other is outside near their pool.
A 2,995-seat concert and show venue, the beautifully renovated, yet historic Grand Theatre is home to the world's largest indoor stage with more than a full acre of usable space. The theater was constructed to host MGM's "Hello Hollywood Hello" Production from 1978 to 1987. The Meruelo Group remodeled the Grand Theatre at Grand Sierra Resort.
The Grand Sierra is home to the local furry convention, aptly named Biggest Little Fur Con, since its inception in 2013.
The Grand Sierra is home to the local anime convention, aptly named Sierra Nevada Anime Fans Unite, since its inception in 2010.
Rodney Tom (born July 25, 1963) is an American businessman and politician who represented Washington's 48th Legislative District in the state Senate.
Tom earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Washington in 1985 and went on to earn his MBA from the University of Southern California in 1988.
In 2002, Tom was elected to the state House of Representatives as a Republican by defeating Democrat Connie Espe by a 52 to 42% margin with 5% going to a third-party candidate.
He was reelected in 2004, edging out Democratic Party challenger Debi Golden with a 51.76% to 48.24% margin (1816 votes).
On July 17, 2007, Tom publicly announced his campaign for the 8th District's congressional seat.  He soon ended the campaign and endorsed Darcy Burner (D), who was the challenger to Dave Reichert (R) in 2006 and had a major lead in fundraising.
On November 2, 2010, Tom ran in the Washington State Senate in the 48th Legislative District to win against Gregg Bennett by 52.55% to 47.30%.
In 2012, two Conservative-Democrat Senators, Tom and Tim Sheldon announced they would switch caucuses and join 23 Republicans to form the Majority Coalition Caucus, giving them a 25-24 vote majority over the Democrats.
On April 14, 2014 Tom announced he would not seek reelection citing health concerns and the need to take care of his father.
On March 29, 2018 Tom announced his intention to run for state senate again in 48th Legislative District, but was not elected.
On December 10, 2012, Tom announced that he would caucus with the Republicans to form the Majority Coalition Caucus (MCC). Tom became the new senate majority leader.
On February 4, 2013, both Tom and Tim Sheldon, another Democratic senator who joined Republicans to form the MCC, were censured by the state Democratic Party for "gross disloyalty" and "perfidious behavior," cutting off their future access to party funds and mailing lists. This followed separate votes to censure Tom by the 5th and 43rd District Democratic organizations, Democrats in Tom's own 48th District, and the Pierce County Democrats.
A statue of Olav Tryggvason  is located in Trondheim, Norway. Sculpted by sculptor Wilhelm Rasmussen, it honors King Olav Tryggvason who was the city's founder. 
The 18-metre (58-foot) high statue is  mounted on top of an obelisk. It stands at the center of the city square (Torvet i Trondheim)  at the intersection of the two main streets, Munkegata and Kongens gate.  The statue was unveiled in 1921. Around the statue base is a cobblestone mosaic, dating from 1930, which forms a gigantic sun dial . The sun dial is calibrated to UTC+1, meaning that the reading is inaccurate by one hour in the summer.
Brian Douglas Kinchen (born August 6, 1965) is a former professional American football tight end and long snapper. He played in the National Football League (NFL) for the Miami Dolphins, Cleveland Browns, Baltimore Ravens, Carolina Panthers and New England Patriots. As a tight end, he caught 160 passes for 1,648 yards and seven touchdowns.
Kinchen was born in Baton Rouge to parents Gaynell "Gus" Kinchen and Tori Kinchen. He attended and played football at University High School. His father was a member of the 1958 LSU Tigers football team and one of the famed Chinese Bandits.
At LSU, Kinchen was an All-SEC tight end. He tallied 523 yards and six touchdowns on 48 receptions over 33 career games. 
In 1988, the Miami Dolphins selected Kinchen in the 12th round of the 1988 NFL Draft with the 320th overall pick. In three seasons, he caught two passes for 15 yards over 36 games.
Kinchen was a member of the inaugural Baltimore Ravens team in 1996 which resulted from the Cleveland Browns relocating to Baltimore. In 1996, he had his best season as a tight end with 55 receptions for 581 yards (both career highs) and one touchdown. In three years with the Ravens, Kinchen totaled 79 catches for 786 yards and two touchdowns.
In his two seasons with the Carolina Panthers, Kinchen spent most of his time at long snapper and on special teams. As a tight end, he had six catches for 52 yards and one touchdown. After suffering an injury, he was released at the end of the 2000 season.
In 2003, Kinchen came out of retirement to replace injured New England Patriots long snappers Lonie Paxton and Sean McDermott. He joined the team with two regular season games in the season and continued that role throughout the playoffs. With 0:09 left to play, Kinchen snapped the game-winning field goal in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
David (Dudu) Mezach (born 1955) is an Israeli multidisciplinary artist. He was the head of the Screen-Based Arts Department at Bezalel Academy of Arts and Design until September 2017.
In The Empire of Glass, Braxiatel became involved with galactic politics. He organised the Armageddon Convention, which he tried to get the Doctor to chair, but by mistake his agents brought a physically similar man. The Convention was not particularly successful, although we know that it did outlaw the use of cyberbombs (Revenge of the Cybermen). Braxiatel decided to go back to collecting.
At some point, Braxiatel became the head of the Department of Theatrology at St. Oscar's University on Dellah. After Benny obtained a post at the archaeology department in 2593, the pair of them became entangled in many adventures.  After the destruction of the planet Dellah, Braxiatel invited Benny to join him at the Braxiatel Collection.
Braxiatel also appears, as Cardinal Braxiatel, in the Doctor Who audio drama Zagreus and in the spin-off series Gallifrey. In these stories, which are set prior to the Bernice Summerfield stories in Braxiatel's timeline, he is a member of the High Council of Time Lords and a confidante of President Romana.
In Gallifrey: The Inquiry, it was revealed that the disastrous test of a timeonic fusion device which destroyed the planet Minyos prompted Braxiatel to begin collecting and preserving historical artifacts in case such widespread destruction ever happened. He also admitted that he had transgressed the Laws of Time by being in contact with his future regenerations.
In Gallifrey: Pandora, Braxiatel became Chancellor, but mere hours later had to use his mind to contain the past and present forms of an ancient Gallifreyan evil known as Pandora. As Pandora would be able to escape if he ever connected to the Matrix or telepathically communicated with another Time Lord mind, Braxiatel exiled himself from Gallifrey.
In Gallifrey: Warfare Romana destroyed the future form of Pandora (as well as its intelligence), at the cost of also destroying the Matrix.  When Romana was removed from office in Gallifrey: Mindbomb, Braxiatel returned briefly to Gallifrey and assumed the post of Lord President, since there was no longer anywhere for the Pandora entity to escape to.
However, the ambitious Inquisitor Darkel goaded Braxiatel into losing control of Pandora, believing that it would destroy itself and Braxiatel's mind in the process. Braxiatel then revealed that only a remnant of the entity had ever been in his mind; the bulk of it had sought refuge in Darkel and Braxiatel had merely been the key that kept it restrained. So freed, Pandora consumed both Darkel and itself. Braxiatel returned to his exile, retaining the last fragments of Pandora within him.
Big Finish's series of Bernice Summerfield books and audios have brought Bernice to the Braxiatel Collection, with Braxiatel himself becoming a key part of the regular cast. He is aloof and mysterious but is still considered one of Benny's closest friends.
Braxiatel soon reveals that Benny plays a critical role in his plans, and lures her into a trap.  She is freed from this trap in Resurrecting the Past, which directly follows the animated short Dead and Buried.  This version of Braxiatel finally meets his maker in Escaping the Future.
From Judgement Day onwards, an alternative version of Braxiatel has appeared, claiming to be the version from the Gallifrey continuity.  The exact nature of the relationship between these and other hinted at versions of Braxiatel is currently unknown.
Braxiatel is voiced by actor Miles Richardson, whose interpretation of the role has influenced the changing nature of the character.
The 1995 South Australian National Football League (SANFL) Grand Final saw the Port Adelaide Magpies defeat the Central District Bulldogs by 48 points. The match was played on Sunday 1 October 1995 at Football Park in front of a crowd of 45,786. .
This was Port Adelaide's 33rd premiership, and Central District's first grand final since their admission to the league in 1964.
Port Adelaide was captained by Tim Ginever and coached by John Cahill.  Central District was captained by Roger Girdham and coached by Alan Stewart.
The Jack Oatey Medal for best player in the Grand Final was awarded to Anthony Darcy of Port Adelaide. For the third year in a row, the St Kilda Football Club in the AFL drafted the Jack Oatey medallist, following on from Steven Sziller and Darryl Wakelin.
Three players also played in at league one game in Major League Baseball during their careers. These players and their seasons with Dyersburg were:
Simratpal "Simmer" Singh is a practicing Sikh United States Army officer and combat veteran. He won a federal lawsuit, Singh v. Carter, against the U.S. Department of Defense to be allowed to wear a religious beard and turban in uniform.
In January 2017, the Army issued new regulations stating that all Sikh soldiers can wear their religious articles while serving.
This biographical article related to the United States Army is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Cody later worked as a clerk. During the First World War, he enlisted in 1916 as a gunner in the Australian Imperial Force, and rose to the rank of lieutenant upon returning to Australia in 1919.
This biographical article relating to Australian rugby union is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Oncerometopus is a genus of plant bugs in the family Miridae. There are about 12 described species in Oncerometopus.
The season saw the first tournament with a $3,000,000 purse, the U.S. Women's Open. There were three first-time winners in 2002: Laura Diaz, Cristie Kerr, and Patricia Meunier-Lebouc.
The following table shows all the official money events for the 2002 season. "Date" is the ending date of the tournament. The numbers in parentheses after the winners' names are the number of wins they had on the tour up to and including that event. Majors are shown in bold.
He was the son of Thomas Wyatt the younger, who led the unsuccessful Wyatt's rebellion in 1554 and his wife Jane Haute.
This article about an English writer, poet or playwright is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Soil formations resulting from the erosion of the high mountains in the park primarily consist of tropical ferruginous soils in catenas, hydromorphic soils and vertisols. Heavy clays are the dominant soil type in the park.
The mammal population in the park is one of the largest in central West Africa. There are 30 species of mammals in the park. Some of the species of interest from the conservation angle are the red-fronted gazelle (Gazella rufifrons) (VU), whose population is on the rise, and the korrigum (Damaliscus lunatus korrigum) (VU), which is stable. The endangered African bush elephant, which feeds in the Vachellia seyal shrublands, creates conflicts even with farmers located far away.
Amphibians include the eponymous frog Kassina wazae and Waza toad Bufo wazae, the latter now included in Sclerophrys xeros.
The grassland species of birds reported are: Ortyxelos meiffrenii, Ardeotis arabs, Struthio camelus population in very large number of Dendrocygna viduata and Balearica pavonina. Water bird species seen throughout the year is reported to be more than 20,000.
Under this project, a management plan has been evolved. A local steering committee has become functional. The project has envisaged controlled harvesting of a few natural products such as straw and gum arabic under field trials, though their extraction has continued even after the park was established.
In 2012 Nayna filmed an abusive attack on a Melbourne bus, producing a viral video that made headlines around the world.
In 2014, Nayna produced, directed, and edited Dayne's World for ABC TV, winning the ABC iview Award and the award for best editing at Melbourne WebFest. Later that year he produced, directed, and edited the Fancy Boy pilot for Fresh Blood Pilot Season, which went on to be picked up for a six-part series for ABC TV and Pivot
In 2016 Nayna co-founded social media network Letter.wiki with brothers Dayne and Clyde Rathbone, which was later acquired by media platform Substack.
In 2018, Nayna revealed his behind-the-scenes involvement in the grievance studies affair, revealing the project alongside The Wall Street Journal.
Nayna is working on a feature film on the scandal, which will be released in 2021. Nayna has appeared on several podcasts to discuss the film, including Triggernometry, and PhilosophyInsights with Stephen Hicks.
Aralia excelsa is a species of flowering plant in the family Araliaceae. It is native to Mexico, Central America, northern South America and parts of the Caribbean.
Moirangthem Meghachandra is an Indian politician. He was a Member of Parliament, representing Inner Manipur in the Lok Sabha the lower house of India's Parliament.
Live at the Tracking Room is the first live album by One Sonic Society. Essential Worship Records released the album on 17 July 2012.
Apparition of Face and Fruit Dish on a Beach is part of the Ella Gallup Sumner and Mary Catlin Sumner Collection of the Wadsworth Atheneum Museum of Art in Hartford, Connecticut.
Hillman's first marriage, in April 1866, was to his cousin Elizabeth Hillman (July 24, 1843 - June 1873). He had one daughter by this marriage who died as a child in 1874. His second marriage, in Orleans parish on July 25, 1875, was to Rosalie Frye (October 11, 1854 - May 4, 1928).   By his second marriage he had four recorded children of whom two - one son and one daughter - survived to adulthood.
He was born in the manse at West Calder the son of Rev Andrew Gloag (d.1770), the parish minister, and Christian Ronald, daughter of Thomas Ronald, Provost of Linlithgow. He was educated locally then studed at Edinburgh University - training as a minister.
He was ordained as minister of Cockpen in April 1758 and translated to Lady Yester's Kirk in Edinburgh in October 1767 in place of Rev John Drysdale. In February 1770 Edinburgh University awarded him an honorary Doctor of Divinity. In July 1772 he moved to New (West) Kirk of St Giles one of the four parishes then contained within St Giles Cathedral on the Royal Mile in Edinburgh.
In May 1781 he was made Junior Clerk of the General Assembly. He was then living at upper Baxters Close off the Royal Mile.
In February 1799 he was created King's Almoner in Scotland to King George III. In this role he was responsible for distributing monies (alms) in the name of the King to people or charities.
Gloag died at 3 Park Street in Edinburgh on 27 April 1802. Sir Henry Moncrieff-Wellwood preached at Gloag's funeral service on 2 May 1802.
In November 1773 he married Euphemia Wilson, daughter of William Wilson of Soonhope, an Edinburgh "writer" (lawyer). Their children included:
Behind Sandown Raceway, which has most commonly hosted the Sandown 500 and Sandown Challenge, Symmons Plains has hosted the most events in championship history with 47 as of 2019. The only hiatus for the event was between 2000 and 2003 during which the circuit received a A$3 million upgrade. The event is seen as one of Tasmania's largest sporting events, providing a variety of benefits to the local economy.
The 2020 event was postponed until November to the COVID-19 pandemic, before later being cancelled altogether.
"Peek a Boo" is a song by American rapper Lil Yachty featuring American rap trio Migos, released as a single from Lil Yachty's album Teenage Emotions on April 14, 2017. It reached number 78 on the Billboard Hot 100 and was certified Gold by the RIAA. The music video for the song was released the same day the song was released.
The song received particular attention for Lil Yachty's line "She blow that dick like a cello", with Lil Yachty later stating to Genius that he thought a cello was a woodwind instrument, and blaming his A&R for "listen[ing] to that song many times" and "allow[ing him] to say that".
While the protagonist of the book is in many ways a portrait of its author, Dreiser also loosely based Eugene Witla on some of the painters, artists working in an Ashcan realist style, whom he knew in New York at the time and whose studios he visited.  The most likely candidate for a model is Everett Shinn, who painted urban scenes of the kind attributed to Witla and who was known as a promiscuous man.
John Cowper Powys was one of the few major critics to be unqualified in his praise of the book, comparing Dreiser's fearlessness about sex and even his admittedly excessive detail to Walt Whitman's erotic openness and love of long poetic catalogs. Edgar Lee Masters, author of Spoon River Anthology, and literary radical Randolph Bourne wrote in Dreiser's defense as well, as did noted publisher and editor Marion Reedy.
A foreword to the 1923 reissue of the novel addressed the censorship issue directly: "It has been urged that this book is detrimental to the morals of the young and might have had a bad effect upon people with weak moral sense, but are thousands of perfectly normal and responsible people to be denied this form of aesthetic stimulation simply because it is harmful to children and perverts?"
Peter Voss, Thief of Millions (German: Peter Voss, der Millionendieb) is a 1958 West German comedy crime film directed by Wolfgang Becker and starring O. W. Fischer, Ingrid Andree and Margit Saad. It was based on the 1913 novel Peter Voss, Thief of Millions by Ewald Gerhard Seeliger, which had been previously adapted into three films. The film was a popular success, and was followed by a sequel Peter Voss, Hero of the Day with Fischer reprising his role.
This article related to a German film of the 1950s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Virginia Smith Dam (also known as Calamus Dam; National ID # NE02287) is a dam in Garfield County, Nebraska, about five miles northwest of Burwell.
The lake and surrounding public lands are a part of the Calamus State Recreation Area, managed by the Nebraska Game and Parks Commission.
Hillyard is a neighborhood in Spokane, Washington which existed as a separate town between 1892 and 1924.
The town came about due to the Great Northern Railway and was named for James J. Hill, then-head of the railroad.  Between 1904 and 1912, many of the town's houses were built, to house railroad workers working in the local yard.  Hillyard was the home of the Great Northern's famed shops where locomotives were manufactured, repaired, and refurbished.  At the time, the Hillyard shop was the largest in the nation.
The North Spokane Corridor has forced some relocations in the south end of the neighborhood. It is hoped that the freeway's presence will help revitalize areas of the neighborhood.
Harlow Council has produced a 'Sculpture Trail' for visitors to the town which features many of the sculptures held in the collection.  These include:
On 26 March 2009 Harlow Council voted to approve a proposal made by Harlow Art Trust to rebrand Harlow Town as 'Harlow Sculpture Town'. This is to highlight the significant collection of public sculptures cited around the town. 
The new title will be used on council and other tourist publications from the Summer of 2009 onwards, and aims to emulate the former name of Harlow (Harlow New Town). This not only celebrates the sculptures owned by Harlow Art Trust but other sculpture collections in Harlow, including those of the Council, the Gibberd Garden and Parndon Mill.
In rebranding the town the aim of Harlow Art Trust is to associate Harlow with the name Sculpture Town as readily as the town of Hay-on-Wye is known as Booktown.
The Harlow Art Trust also runs The Gibberd Gallery (named in honour of Sir Frederick Gibberd). The Trust has run the Gibberd Gallery since 2011 after taking it over from Harlow Council. The gallery houses the town's sculpture and permanent watercolour collection. One of its trustees is the sculptor Angela Godfrey.
Eudonia cyptastis is a moth in the family Crambidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1909. This species is endemic to New Zealand.
Alex Kay-Jelski is a British sports journalist, currently the editor-in-chief of The Athletic. He was previously the sports editor of The Times and the Daily Mail newspapers.
Kay-Jelski was educated at University College School in London, and then graduated with an MA in French and Spanish at the University of Edinburgh in 2007.
Kay-Jelski began his career as a graduate trainee and sub-editor at the Daily Mail in 2007. He was promoted to deputy sports news editor in 2009 before being named sports editor in 2015. He left the Mail less than a year later to become sports editor at The Times.
Key-Jelski was recruited in June 2019 to join the startup US sports website The Athletic. He has also appeared on Sky Sports and TalkSport radio.
Year 1182 (MCLXXXII) was a common year starting on Friday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.
Fluorine biology is also relevant to a number of cutting-edge technologies. PFCs (perfluorocarbons) are capable of holding enough oxygen to support human liquid breathing. Organofluorine in the form of its radioisotope 18F is also at the heart of a modern medical imaging technique known as positron emission tomography (PET). A PET scan produces three-dimensional colored images of parts of the body that use a lot of sugar, particularly the brain or tumors.
Of all commercialized pharmaceutical drugs, twenty percent contain fluorine, including important drugs in many different pharmaceutical classes. Fluorine is often added to drug molecules during drug design, as even a single atom can greatly change the chemical properties of the molecule in desirable ways.
Fluorines also find their uses in common mineralocorticoids, a class of drugs that increase the blood pressure. Adding a fluorine increases both its medical power and anti-inflammatory effects. Fluorine-containing fludrocortisone is one of the most common of these drugs. Dexamethasone and triamcinolone, which are among the most potent of the related synthetic corticosteroid class of drugs, contain fluorine as well.
Several inhaled general anesthetic agents, including the most commonly used inhaled agents, also contain fluorine. The first fluorinated anesthetic agent, halothane, proved to be much safer (neither explosive nor flammable) and longer-lasting than those previously used. Modern fluorinated anesthetics are longer-lasting still and almost insoluble in blood, which accelerates the awakening. Examples include sevoflurane, desflurane, enflurane, and isoflurane, all hydrofluorocarbon derivatives.
Liquid fluorocarbons have a very high capacity for holding gas in solution. They can hold more oxygen or carbon dioxide than blood does. For that reason, they have attracted ongoing interest related to the possibility of artificial blood or of liquid breathing.
Blood substitutes are the subject of research because the demand for blood transfusions grows faster than donations. In some scenarios, artificial blood may be more convenient or safe. Because fluorocarbons do not normally mix with water, they must be mixed into emulsions (small droplets of perfluorocarbon suspended in water) in order to be used as blood. One such product, Oxycyte, has been through initial clinical trials.
Nanocrystals represent a possible method of delivering water- or fat-soluble drugs within a perfluorochemical fluid. The use of these particles is being developed to help treat babies with damaged lungs.
An estimated 30% of agrichemical compounds contain fluorine. Most of them are used as poisons, but a few stimulate growth instead. 
Trifluralin was widely used in the 20th century, for example, in over half of U.S. cotton field acreage in 1998.) Because of its suspected carcinogenic properties some Northern European countries banned it in 1993. As of 2015, the European Union has banned it, although Dow made a case to cancel the decision in 2011.
The fluoride ion is readily absorbed by the stomach and intestines. Ingested fluoride forms hydrofluoric acid in the stomach. In this form, fluoride crosses cell membranes and then binds with calcium and interferes with various enzymes. Fluoride is excreted through urine. Fluoride exposure limits are based on urine testing, which is used to determine the human body's capacity for ridding itself of fluoride.