Historically, most cases of fluoride poisoning have been caused by accidental ingestion of insecticides containing inorganic fluoride. Most calls to poison control centers for possible fluoride poisoning come from the ingestion of fluoride-containing toothpaste. Malfunction of water fluoridation equipment has occurred several times, including an Alaskan incident that sickened nearly 300 people and killed one.
The potential health impact of PFCs is unclear. Unlike chlorinated hydrocarbons, PFCs are not lipophilic (stored in fat), nor genotoxic (damaging genes). Both PFOA and PFOS in high doses cause cancer and the death of newborns in rodents. Studies on humans have not been able to prove an impact at current exposures. Bottlenose dolphins have some of the highest PFOS concentrations of any wildlife studied; one study suggests an impact on their immune systems.
The biochemical causes of toxicity are also unclear and may differ by molecule, health effect, and even animal. PPAR-alpha is a protein that interacts with PFAAs and is commonly implicated in contaminant-caused rodent cancers.
Less fluorinated chemicals (i.e. not perfluorinated compounds) can also be detected in the environment. Because biological systems do not metabolize fluorinated molecules easily, fluorinated pharmaceuticals like antibiotics and antidepressants can be found in treated city sewage and wastewater. Fluorine-containing agrichemicals are measurable in farmland runoff and nearby rivers.[full citation needed]
With the sudden death of John Ballance on 27 April the 13 years of Richard Seddon as Prime Minister begins. On 28 November New Zealand women become the first in the world to vote in a national election.
The Electoral Bill granting women the franchise is given Royal Assent by Governor Lord Glasgow on 19 September, and women voted for the first time on 28 November (see Women's suffrage in New Zealand). 
The first Australia and New Zealand Championships are held. Tim O'Connor (in the Shot Put) is the first New Zealander to win an event. These combined Championships are held biennially until 1927 except during World War I.
The New Zealand Amateur Championships are held for the first time. They are hosted by the Otago Golf Club and staged at the Balmacewan course.
He was son of Henry Shepherd (d. 1764), vicar of Mareham-le-Fen, Lincolnshire, and matriculated from Corpus Christi College, Oxford, on 1 December 1749, at the age of seventeen. He graduated B.A. 1753, M.A. 1757, B.D. 1765, and D.D. 1788, and was elected probationary fellow of his college in 1760.
By the gift of Lord-chancellor Edward Thurlow, 1st Baron Thurlow he was instituted in 1792 to the rectory of Wetherden and Helmingham in Suffolk, and held these preferments until his death at Wetherden, on 3 January 1809, in his seventy-eighth year.
George Selwyn, the first Bishop of New Zealand, purchased part of the site of the church in 1845 and Governor George Grey added to it in 1853, at which time the land stood on a prominent cliff-top overlooking Wellington harbour.  Agreement to build the church was reached by 1861 and the Reverend Frederick Thatcher, then vicar of St Paul's, Thorndon, was engaged as the architect.
The foundation stone was laid by Governor Grey on 21 August 1865. The building work was executed by John McLaggan and a team of eight carpenters, and the church was consecrated by Bishop Abraham on 6 June 1866.
In 1964 the Diocese of Wellington moved to the new St Paul's Cathedral nearby.  After a significant battle to prevent its demolition, Old St Paul's was purchased by the New Zealand Government in 1967, and subsequently restored by the Ministry of Works under the guidance of Peter Sheppard.
Old St Paul's is built in a Gothic style, albeit with a subdued effect due to the limited resources available. It is constructed from New Zealand native timbers, with stunning stained-glass windows. The interior has been likened to the upturned hull of an Elizabethan galleon, with exposed curving rimu trusses and kauri roof sarking.
Old St Paul's is now managed by Heritage New Zealand Pouhere Taonga. While no longer used as a parish church, it remains consecrated, and is a popular venue for weddings, funerals and other services. In 2016 a celebration service of evensong was held in the cathedral to commemorate 150 years since it was consecrated.
The flags displayed in the nave include the ensigns of the Royal Navy, the  New Zealand Merchant Navy and the United States Marine Corps (second division), which was stationed in Wellington during World War II. The church retains close links with the New Zealand Defence Force.
Some of the walls and columns of Old St Paul's are decorated with memorial plaques, including many dedicated to those who fought and died in World War I.  There is a plaque in memory of Wellington historian John Beaglehole, most famous for his biography of explorer James Cook, but who also played a significant role in the fight to save Old St Paul's from demolition.
Interrogation Room 109 is a 2015 American independent urban drama written and directed by Anthony Malachi and produced by O-Park Productionz, in association with Joey Grant Entertainment.
The movie premiered on March 1, 2015 at Saint Peter's University in Jersey City, New Jersey, United States.
With a car full of illegal drugs, Slice intentionally runs a red light and they are picked up by the police. During his interrogations, G-low begins to second guess himself and the interrogation tests his mettle and takes a toll on him. Meanwhile, during his detainment, Slice conspires with cop Detective. Monroe to ensure his own preservation, and to further set G-low up. Slice has Detective Jones mark two kilos in evidence, when there were really three in their possession.
Feeling the pressure of being incarcerated and interrogated, G-low allows himself to be blackmailed by Det. Jones and agrees to pay him $5,000, and then plans to run. Slice figures that G-low will run, leave Sharon behind, and then he can blame G-low for the missing drugs when it comes time to answer to their supplier's inevitable inquiries about his missing drugs and money. And, of course- Slice figures he could win back Sharon, even though he has a very jealous live-in girlfriend, Lisa.
G-low unknowingly throws a wrench in Slice's plan and pays their supplier, Rico, a visit to update him and smooth things over. This is when G-low learns that there were three kilos in the car- not two like he originally thought. It dawns on G-low that Slice has set him up. As he's coming out of Rico's apartment, he runs into Slice who realizes the cat is out of the bag.
Up until now, neither detective was aware that his partner has a non-kosher relationship with their respective detainees, which feeds into the distrust between Slice and G-low. Slice figures out that there's something fishy and pays Detective Monroe a visit to get the rest of the drugs Monroe was holding, and to kill him. His next target is G-low.
G-low now has more problems than he ever expected. Sharon leaves him in the midst of the chaos and he is still left to deal with a crooked cop, who upped the ante on him, and a former business partner with a major personal vendetta against him. Detective Jones drags G-low to Slice's apartment to get in on the deal with the extra kilo that Slice took from Detective Monroe.
In the meantime, a young kid who is trying to make a name for himself in the streets learned that Slice killed his homey. He seeks the help of an Wildpit, an OG, and Banks, a wanna-be gangsta to seek revenge on Slice. When Wildpit and C-note make their move, they find Slice with G-low and Detective Jones and open fire.
The budget for the indie film was approximately $6,000. The movie was shot and edited by Safiyah Chiniere, a self-taught videographer using a single camera. The movie was filmed throughout Jersey, though it was mostly shot in Jersey City. Hudson Pride Connections Center, a Jersey City community center located near Journal Square was used for various scenes throughout the movie serving as Officer Monroe's apartment, the police office, and Rico's home.
The director raised close to $3000 with a Kickstarter Campaign to help offset post-production costs, related events, promotions and marketing.
The film received some favorable press including write ups for NJ.com, The Jersey Journal, Broadway World, and others. Anthony Malachi was also interviewed by Larry Mendte on WJLP 3.
The movie premiered on March 1, 2015 at Saint Peter's University in Jersey City, New Jersey, United States.
Vivek Vedagiri (born 9 September 1981) is a Singaporean cricketer. He made his List A debut in the 2006 ACC Trophy and was a member of the Singaporean cricket team at the 2009 ICC World Cricket League Division Six tournament.
Vedagiri was a member of the national team which won gold medal in the men's T20 cricket tournament and was also part of the national side which won the silver medal in the men's 50 over tournament after an embarrassing defeat with a margin of 251 runs in the finals against Malaysia.
This biographical article related to Singaporean cricket is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Piacenza Calcio crashed out of Serie A, following a dismal season. With ex-Inter coach Luigi Simoni at the helm, the club was looking to climb into midtable in Serie A, but the absence of Simone Inzaghi and the ageing of several key players rendered disastrous form, and Simoni was soon sacked. In the end, Piacenza finished rock bottom of the table and their five-year stint in the top flight was ended.
He served as a Senator of the Philippines and was elected as a delegate in the 1971 Constitutional Convention and 1986 Philippine Constitutional Commission.
Dr. Domocao Alonto was born on August 1, 1914, in Ditsaan-Ramain, Lanao del Sur. He was the eldest son of the six children of Senator Sultan Alauya Alonto of Ramain and Bai Hajja Amina Bariga Alangadi, a sixth-generation descendant of Sultan Muhammad Dipatuan Kudarat of Maguindanao.
At an early age, he was tutored by his mother on the fundamentals of Islam. He then attended a government school in Lanao from 1921 to 1931 for his primary and secondary education. He earned his Fellowship in Arts, BA, and Doctorate in Law at the University of the Philippines in Manila, where he was also a member of the Upsilon Sigma Phi fraternity. He passed the Bar Examination in 1938.
His siblings - Hadja Naima Alonto; Abdul Ghafur Madki Alonto; Masiding Alonto, Sr.; Tarhata Alonto-Lucman, and Madrigal Alonto - were all prominent leaders in Lanao during the latter half of the 20th century. Abdul Ghafur Madki Alonto served as Governor and Ambassador, and Tarhata Alonto served as Governor. His Brother-in-Law, Bae Tarhata's husband Rashid Lucman also served as Congressman.
Alonto started working as a classroom teacher in Lanao del Sur. He then became a confidential writer for the National Information Board and the Department of Interior. At the onset of World War II, he was commissioned as a First Lieutenant in the Philippine Army, 81st Division, United States Armed Forces in the Far East (USAFFE).
While serving under the Japanese government, Alonto secretly supported the underground resistance movement against the Japanese. The Japanese authorities did not harbor any suspicion towards him since he occupied key positions in their government. It was during this time that he was able to have a broader grasp of the state of Maranao society in general.
After the war, he was appointed as Presidential Assistant and Adviser to the Office of the President of the Republic of the Philippines from 1947 to 1948.
Alonto also authored the law (enacted as Republic Act No. 2228) dividing the old Lanao Province into Lanao del Norte and Lanao del Sur. Each province was provided with congressional representatives.
As a legislator, he advocated for the understanding between Muslim Filipinos and their Christian brothers and preached for non-violence and peaceful coexistence. He was also a strong advocate for the passage of nationalization laws and co-authored the Retail Nationalization Law, subsequently defending it from repeal until incontrovertible proof was shown that the law was adverse to the national interest.
The conclusion reached by the Special Committee paved the way for the creation of the Commission on National Integration (CNI); Mindanao Development Authority (MDA); and Mindanao State University (MSU).
In 1955, a meeting of non-aligned nations who refused to partake in the Cold War was held in Bandung, Indonesia. Along with Foreign Secretary Carlos P. Romulo, Domocao Alonto was the only Muslim delegate from the Philippines. It was in this meeting that he met Gamal Abdel Nasser of Egypt, Sukarno of Indonesia, and Tungku Abdul Rahman of Malaysia.
His participation in the conference enabled him to establish linkages and contacts in the Middle East. The Muslim world was made aware of the presence of Muslims in the islands of Mindanao and Sulu. As a result, he got scholarships for Muslim Filipinos coming from Mindanao and Sulu at the Cairo Military Academy, Al Azhar University in Egypt. Among these students was the young Salamat Hashim who would, later on, establish the Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF).
Alonto was also instrumental in bringing the issue about the plight of Muslim-Filipinos to the world stage. His extensive network with other Muslim countries would eventually lay foundations for the involvement of the Organization of Islamic Conference (OIC) in the Mindanao peace process.
Alonto then served as Assistant Floor Leader for the 1987 Constitutional Commission. He proposed the addition of the Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao (ARMM) in the 1987 Constitution of the Philippines.
In both conventions, he advocated for the accommodation of the Muslim-Filipinos in the larger nation-building program of the national government. While he believed in the argument of the Moro secessionist movements that there are legitimate injustices committed against the Muslims, he favored the exhaustion of all the available legitimate means to resolve the conflict. He championed meaningful autonomy for Muslim Mindanao and Sulu as a remedy to resolving the Mindanao problem.
Dr. Domocao Alonto died on December 11, 2002, in his home in Marawi City after a brief bout with cancer.
Alonto is known for his contributions to the spread and development of Islamic thought in the Philippines. He founded the Mindanao Islamic University which provides education for both Muslims and Christians. He also founded the Mindanao Mosque and Islamic Center in Marawi City, the largest of its kind in the Philippines, and the Rajah Solaiman Mosque (Masjid Solaymaniah) located in Binangonan, Rizal.
He was a founding member of the Makkah-based World Muslim League, the Executive Council of the World Islamic Congress and the Central Council of the International Organization of Islamic Universities, and other Islamic organization based in the Philippines. He is the only Filipino to receive the King Faisal Foundation Award for Service to Islam.
It was his advocacy for Muslim recognition that inspired activists to form the Moro National Liberation Front (MNLF) and later on the Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF).
The frenulum of labia minora (fourchette or posterior commissure of the labia minora) is a frenulum where the labia minora meet posteriorly.
The fourchette may also be torn in acts of violence wherein forced entry occurs such as rape. When the fourchette is torn, the bleeding which ensues sometimes requires surgical suturing for containment.
The fourchette is named with the French word for "fork" or "wishbone", owing to its shape. (See frenulum for its etymology.)
 Streetcar was the largest carsharing/car club company in the United Kingdom, established in 2004, which merged with the American company Zipcar in 2010, following a period of investment by Smedvig Capital.
Streetcar vehicles were parked in a dense network of dedicated spaces primarily in London, but also across a total of 10 UK cities including Brighton, Bristol, Cambridge, Edinburgh, Glasgow, Oxford, Guildford, Maidstone and Southampton. Members could book vehicles from 30 minutes up to six months, online or by phone. A smartcard was used to pick up and return the car at any time.
The Streetcar fleet consisted of VW Golfs, VW Polos, VW Transporter vans and VW Tourans. From January 2010, Streetcar also introduced the BMW 1 Series and BMW 3 Series to their fleet. The BMW models Streetcar chose, the 116d, 118d and 318d
In June 2009, Streetcar became the first UK car club to provide an electric car (Toyota Prius) to its members, as part of a trial with Camden Council.
In January 2010, the company launched their own iPhone application, allowing members across the UK to locate, book and unlock a car using their iPhone or iPod touch.
Streetcar had over 1,200 locations across 10 UK cities including; London, Edinburgh, Glasgow, Bristol, Cambridge, Oxford, Brighton, Southampton, Guildford, and Maidstone.
In early 1923, several members left Union to found SV West Eimsbuettel. Shortly after that, in 1925, what would become a very successful handball department was added to the club. Following the adoption of the Greater Hamburg Act (1937) that expanded the city boundaries to include the town of Altona, the club was rechristened SC Union 03 Hamburg.
Union was briefly again part of first division football in the aftermath of World War II from 1945 to 1947. They failed to qualify for the new Oberliga Nord (I) and were part of second division competition until 1963. During the club's heyday in the 1920s, it had some 2,000 members and qualified for the North German championship round nine times. By the turn of the millennium it included only 400 members and they entered into merger talks with Altona FC 1893, which ultimately failed.
After relegation to the tier nine Kreisklasse in 2012 the club won promotion back to the Kreisliga the season after where it plays today.
The 2001 Bulldogs RLFC season was the 67th in the club's history. Coached by Steve Folkes and captained by Darren Britt, they competed in the National Rugby League's 2001 Telstra Premiership, finishing the regular season 2nd. The team went on to the Semi-Finals after losing the semi-final game 10-52 against the Cronulla Sharks at the Sydney Football Stadium.
A multiple barrel firearm is any type of firearm with more than one gun barrel, usually to increase the rate of fire or hit probability and to reduce barrel erosion/overheating. 
Multiple barrel firearms date back to the 14th century, when the first primitive volley guns were developed. They are made with several single-shot barrels assembled together for firing a large number of shots, either simultaneously or in quick succession. These firearms were limited in firepower by the number of barrels bundled, and needed to be manually prepared, ignited and reloaded for each firing.
In practice the large volley guns were not particularly more useful than a cannon firing canister shot or grapeshot. Since they were still mounted on a carriage, they could be as hard to aim and move around as a heavy cannon, and the many barrels took as long (if not longer) to reload. They also tended to be relatively expensive since they were structurally more complex than a cannon, due to all the barrels and ignition fuses, and each barrel had to be individually maintained and cleaned.
In the 15th century, there were design attempts to have several single-shot barrels attached to a stock, being fired individually by means of a match.  Around 1790, pepperboxes were built on the basis of flintlock systems, notably by Nock in England and "Segallas" in Belgium. These weapons building on the success of the earlier two-barrel turnover pistols, were fitted with three, four or seven barrels. These early pepperboxes were manually rotated.
Samuel Colt owned a revolving three-barrel matchlock musket from British India, and an eight-barrel pepperbox shotgun was designed in 1967 but never went into production.
The Sharps Derringers were four-barrel derringers with a revolving firing pin (often called the "Sharps Pepperbox" despite not of a revolving-barrel design) first patented in 1849, but were not made until 1859 until Christian Sharps patented a more practical design.  When loading and reloading, the four barrels slide forward open the breech.  Production of these came to an end with the death of Christian Sharps in 1874.
The .45 ACP DoubleTap derringers double-barreled (over-under), double-action hammerless derringers introduced by DoubleTap Defense in 2012.  The name comes from the double tap shooting technique, in which two consecutive shots are quickly fired at the same target before engaging the next one.  These derringers also hold two extra rounds of cartridge in the grip, allegedly drawing inspiration from the FP-45 Liberator pistol.
During the 19th century, shotguns were mainly employed by cavalry units, as mounted units favored its moving target effectiveness, and devastating close-range firepower. Both sides of the American Civil War employed shotguns, and the U.S. Cavalry used them extensively during the Indian Wars.  Shotguns also remained popular with citizen militias, guards (e.g. the shotgun messengers) and lawmen as a self-defense weapon, and became one of the many symbols of the American Old West.
In 1909, Boss & Co. introduced the over-and-under shotgun, which has remained the more popular configuration for double-barreled shotguns.  Nowadays the pump-action and semi-automatic shotguns have taken over most roles in civilian home defense, law enforcement and military usages, though the over-and-under shotguns still remain popular for waterfowl/upland hunting and clay pigeon shooting.
He abruptly died of lung cancer aged 44. Among his friends and contemporary authors, Romain Gary shared a special relationship with Kalisky, as he viewed them, as recalled by their published correspondence. An abundant published correspondence with Antoine Vitez likewise showed how close they had become.
The "surtexte" technique that he forged along his short career has been studied by numerous directors and authors as defined by Encyclopedia Universalis. That new concept could be related to "Brecht's "distancing effect" ("Verfremdungseffekt"), which aims to break the theatrical illusion to awaken the critical sense of the audience by giving it to see the artificial nature of representation, and thus making everyone aware of his position as a spectator"
The GRU's first predecessor in Russia formed on October 21, 1918 under the sponsorship of Leon Trotsky, then the civilian leader of the Red Army; it was originally known as the Registration Directorate (Registrupravlenie, or RU). Semyon Aralov was its first head. In his history of the early years of the GRU, Raymond W. Leonard writes:
 The GRU had the task of handling all military intelligence, particularly the collection of intelligence of military or political significance from sources outside the Soviet Union. It operated residencies all over the world, along with the SIGINT (signals intelligence) station in Lourdes, Cuba, and throughout the former Soviet-bloc countries, especially in Lithuania, Latvia, and Estonia.
The first head of the 4th Directorate was Yan Karlovich Berzin, a Latvian Communist and former member of the Cheka, who served until 1935 and again in 1937. He was arrested (May 1938) and subsequently murdered (July 1938) during the so-called "Latvian Operation" of Joseph Stalin's Great Purge.
The GRU was known in the Soviet government for its fierce independence from the rival "internal intelligence organizations", such as the Main Directorate of State Security (GUGB), State Political Directorate (GPU), MGB, OGPU, NKVD, NKGB, KGB and the First Chief Directorate (PGU). At the time of the GRU's creation, Lenin infuriated the Cheka (the predecessor of the KGB) by ordering it not to interfere with the GRU's operations.
Nonetheless, the Cheka infiltrated the GRU in 1919. That worsened a fierce rivalry between the two agencies, which were both engaged in espionage. The rivalry became even more intense than that between the Federal Bureau of Investigation and Central Intelligence Agency in the US.
During the Cold War, the Sixth Directorate was responsible for monitoring Intelsat communication satellites traffic.
GRU Sixth Directorate officers reportedly visited North Korea following the capture (January 1968) of the USS Pueblo, inspecting the vessel and receiving some of the captured equipment.
CSSC Carnival Cruise Shipping (Carnival China) is a Chinese-British-American cruise line that was scheduled to begin operation in 2020, but was delayed due to covid-19 pandemic.
CSSC Carnival will begin operations with two ships purchased from Costa Cruises, Costa Atlantica in 2020 and Costa Mediterranea in 2021.
The first Chinese-built vessel, to be constructed off of the Vista-class design, is expected to be delivered in 2023, with the sister ship following in 2024. If all four options are exercised, a new ship will be delivered annually through 2028.
A referendum on the use of nuclear power was held in Austria on 5 November 1978. Voters were asked whether they approve a law allowing the peaceful use of nuclear power, particularly relating to the start-up of the Zwentendorf Nuclear Power Plant. Voters narrowly rejected it, with 50.5% voting against. As a result, although the Power Plant was finished, it was never operated and has since been dismantled.
Goolgumbla, New South Wales is a rural locality and civil parish of County of Landsborough located near the town of Louth, New South Wales. The parish is in Bourke Shire.
The traditional owners of the area are the Paruntiji, meaning people belonging to the Paroo. Aboriginal people are known to have lived along the Paroo for at least 14,000 years (Robins, 1999).
The Burke and Wills expedition were the first Europeans to the area, passing a few miles to the west.
Erythrus sabahanus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae found in Asia in countries such as Malaysia.
In the early years of his playing career, he carefully concealed the fact that he had type 1 diabetes. He feared that if this information were to be known, he would be forced into retirement. Because the methods of regulating diabetes in the 1960s and 1970s were not as advanced as they are today, Santo gauged his blood sugar levels based on his moods. If he felt his blood sugar was low, he would snack on a candy bar in the clubhouse.
As part of the publicity surrounding "Ron Santo Day" at Wrigley Field on August 28, 1971, he revealed his struggle with diabetes. He was diagnosed with this disease at the age of 18, and was given a life expectancy of 25 years. Santo had both his legs amputated below the knee as a result of his diabetes: the right in 2001 and the left in 2002.
In 2004 Santo and his battle against diabetes were the subject of a documentary, This Old Cub. The film was written, co-produced and directed by Santo's son Jeff.
Santo shared a bond in this respect with 2008 Cubs rookie Sam Fuld, who also suffers from type 1 diabetes.
On August 10, 2011, Santo was memorialized and "immortalized" at Wrigley Field with the presentation of a statue in his likeness.  The statue is a portrayal of a young Santo playing defense at third base, leaning to his right while throwing a ball.
Following revamped voting procedures for the Veterans Committee, which had elected players retired for over 20 years to the Hall of Fame, Santo finished third in 2003, tied for first in 2005, and again finished first in voting for the 2007 and 2009 inductions, but fell short of the required number of votes each year.
Santo's next opportunity for admission to the Hall of Fame following a further major change to the voting structure and process announced in 2010, came during the voting in 2011 by the new 16-member Golden Era Committee which considers every three years, ten candidates identified by the Historical Overview Committee from the 1947 to 1972 era.
Santo also fell short of such traditional standards of Hall election as 3,000 hits and 500 home runs; however, by the time his career ended, only two third basemen (Brooks Robinson and Lave Cross) had even collected 2,500 hits, and only one (Eddie Mathews) had reached the 500-home run plateau. Bill James, a notable statistical guru who has ranked Santo among the 100 greatest players of all time (sixth among third basemen), believed his election to the Hall of Fame was long overdue.
While Santo initially received little support for induction into the Hall of Fame, his standing among baseball enthusiasts and sabermetricians gradually increased over time, culminating with his induction to the Hall of Fame two years after his death.
He won the NL Player of the Month award three times: June 1963 (.384, 6 HR, 22 RBI); July 1964 (.395, 7 HR, 27 RBI); and June 1969 (.400, 6 HR, 34 RBI).
Shortly after his death in 2010, Bleacher Report released a ranking of the 50 most beloved announcers in baseball history, in which Santo was placed 16th. On his entry, Sam Westmoreland wrote about Santo that "he made his share of errors, but that just made him all the more lovable and beloved. He passed as an icon, and deserves a spot in the Baseball Hall of Fame."
 Dr. Noor Jehan Panezai served as the Deputy Chairman of the Senate of Pakistan from 21 March 1991 to 20 March 1994. She was the first woman to hold the office.
Since 2017, he has been producing content on various YouTube channels, including "Budabi", "BaBaLa TV" and "Onedio". In 2020, he presented the first season of Exathlon Turkey, which was released on Netflix.
Burns Arena is a multi-purpose arena in St. George, Utah.  It is the home of the Dixie State University Trailblazers basketball teams.  The capacity of the arena is 5,000 people.  It is located near Bruce Hurst Field and Greater Zion Stadium.  There are 4,779 permanent seats at Burns Arena in 14 sections.  It was built in 1987 as the Dixie Center.  By the time the current incarnation of Dixie Center opened in 1998, the arena took its present name. It is named after M. Anthony Burns.
It is also the site of the Buck-A-Thon and the World Senior Games. Many concerts, high school tournaments, and boxing matches also take place in this facility.
During the 2020 -2021 pandemic, the University of New Mexico's mens basketball team temporarily relocated to the Burns Arena in January 2021 due to pandemic restrictions in New Mexico. The Lobos played three games in Burns Arena, beating Dixie State 72-63, and then splitting a pair of game with San Jose State. 
In 2006, UNLV played a home game against Northern Arizona in the Burns Arena. The Rebels won 93-53. 
On October 13, 1988, the Utah Jazz defeated the Indiana Pacers, 104-95, in a pre-season game played at the Burns Arena. Karl Malone scored 27 points and John Stockton added 18 points and 11 assists to lead the Jazz. Chuck Person had 22 points for the Pacers. 
In 1918 Mykhailyk worked in the Ministry of Land Melioration of the Ukrainian State. During that time he was a member of the left-wing Ukrainian Party of Socialist Revolutionaries (before adaptation of Communist-Borotbists).
From 1933 to 1935 he was its Prosecutor General. He was tried by a court chaired by Vasiliy Ulrikh and shot in 1937, but he was rehabilitated in September 1956.
This biographical article about a Ukrainian politician is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
HMS Melville was a 74-gun third rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, launched on 17 February 1817 at Bombay Dockyard.
From 19 January 1836 until August 1837 she served in North America and the West Indies as the flagship of Vice-Admiral Peter Halkett and was commanded by Captain Peter John Douglas.  From 1 September 1837 to 1841 she was the flagship of Rear-Admiral George Elliot and was captained by Richard Saunders Dundas, during this time she served at the Cape of Good Hope and in the East Indies and was present during the First Opium War with China.
During the Opium War 32 officers, 351 sailors and 75 Royal Marines served aboard her of whom 16 sailors and four marines would be killed in action at the capture of Bocca Tigris on 7 January 1841 and the subsequent campaign along the Pearl River to Canton.
She was converted to serve as a hospital ship in 1857, and was sold out of the navy in 1873. Her sale in Hong Kong raised HK$35,000 which was used to purchase the Royal Naval Hospital at Mount Shadwell.
This article about a ship of the line of the United Kingdom is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Julien Anziani (born 23 June 1999) is a French professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Championnat National club US Avranches.
William Henry Horne (born 1880) was an English professional golfer. He finished in the top 10 in the Open Championship in 1909 and 1920 and was South African Open champion in 1919. He was a well-travelled professional and was also renowned for his long hitting.
Later in 1912 he travelled to New York and worked for a stunt as a "masked golfer" at the public golf course in Van Cortlandt Park, New York. In early 1914 he became professional at Durban Golf Club in South Africa. In 1919 he won the South African Open by 9 strokes.
He returned to England in late 1919 and played in a few tournaments in 1919 and 1920. In 1922 he became professional at Rye Country Club in New York.
At the North Berwick Tournament in 1909 Horne set a record for the longest drive in a competition at 388 yards. At the 13th hole, played to a temporary green, Horne reached the green on the downhill sloping hole 12 yards short of the pin. There were initial reports that the drive was as much as 469 yards, but this seems to have been due to confusion about the tee used or the use of the temporary green. The distance was later measured.
Horne was married to Hilda Barker, who was born on Guernsey. She left England in 1923 to join her husband. William and Hilda are both recorded in the 1940 US census living in Harrison, New York.
CDK12 cyclin-dependent kinase 12 is a protein kinase that in humans is encoded by the CDK12 gene. This enzyme is a member of cyclin-dependent kinase protein family.
Robinson's speed was noticed after winning a footrace and playing football with a cousin in his freshman year of high school, who introduced him to track and field.
Robinson set a new Boy's World Youth Best of 44.84 seconds over 400 metres on June 8, 2019. It was the fastest 400-meter time for an American high schooler since Darrell Robinson in 1982.
He graduated from Hazelwood West High School in Hazelwood, Missouri in May 2020. He signed a letter of intent to attend Arizona State University.
Pygospila yuennanensis is a moth in the family Crambidae. It was described by Aristide Caradja in 1937. It is found in Yunnan, China.
Driscoll's first year with Cannondale/Cyclocrossworld.com brought a wealth of good results, including the overall victory in the Verge New England Cyclocross Championship Series, winning seven of the series' nine races. On the road, Driscoll also won the third stage of the American Eagle Tour of Pennsylvania.
Driscoll won his first US Cyclocross National Championship as a junior in 2003, in Portland Oregon, one year after finishing in second place. In 2006, Driscoll grabbed his second National Championships, this time in the Collegiate Men's category, while riding for the University of Vermont, a feat which he repeated in 2007. Also in 2007, Driscoll was narrowly bested by Bjorn Selander in a two-up sprint for the Espoirs title.
Toetie Selbach (born 11 April 1934) is a Dutch gymnast. She competed in seven events at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
This biographical article related to Dutch artistic gymnastics is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
He directed the Maly Trostinek camp in Belarus, created on May 7, 1942 and closed on January 10, 1943, where an estimated 206,000 prisoners died.
Nothing was known about his whereabouts until his indictment in 1970. Streibel was put on trial in Hamburg for his wartime activities, and in 1976 acquitted of any wrongdoing and set free. German prosecutor Helge Grabitz believed his word, but also granted him partial memory impairment. Streibel was declared innocent of inciting violence; without prosecution right of appeal. Further accounts of his life appear missing.
Haverthwaite is a small village and civil parish in the Furness region of Cumbria, England. It is also within the boundaries of the Lake District National Park. It is located several miles east of Ulverston and is near the southern end of Windermere. In the 2001 census the parish had a population of 728, increasing at the 2011 census to 797.
The village gets part of its name from the Old Norse word thwaite which usually refers to a clearing or settlement in the forest.
The village was originally a Viking settlement, but it has been suggested that there may have been a settlement of sorts there before the Vikings arrived.
In the 18th century there were two iron furnaces near the village, one at Backbarrow and the other at Low Wood. The furnace at Backbarrow was supplied from 1711 with iron ore from Low Furness which would have arrived at the quays in Haverthwaite and been transported to Backbarrow by horse and cart. In 1860 the Furness Railway opened its branch line that ran from Ulverston to Lakeside and almost overnight the quays fell into disuse.
In 1798 Low Wood gunpowder works was established and continued production until 1935. The nearby River Leven was used to transport the finished product.
The vicarage was demolished in the 1970s to make way for the new route of the A590.[citation needed]
St Anne's Church was originally a chapel under Colton; it was consecrated in 1825 and extended in 1838. When it was built, it received a grant on condition that 200 sittings were to be 'free and unappropriated for ever'. It appears in the music video of Never Went to Church by The Streets.
The village is the starting point of the preserved Lakeside & Haverthwaite Railway, a popular tourist attraction providing connections to Windermere.
He died at Hanley Road, Hornsey, on 26 July 1854 and is buried on the west side of Highgate Cemetery.
He is notable for winning four Inter Dominion Championships, the premier trotting series of races between Australia and New Zealand. Not surprisingly, he is also an inductee in the Inter Dominion Hall of Fame. Doody also won two Auckland Trotting Cups and the New Zealand Trotting Cup. These are the two top races in New Zealand.
In 1936, Anderson was added to the botany faculty at Duke University to specialize cytology, and he was given the responsibility of curating the moss herbarium. Anderson's research then began to shift from cellular cytology to the ecology and classification of mosses. He, with the help of his colleague Ruth Margery Addoms, built the institution's first general botany course.
Throughout his career, Anderson was assisted by his wife, Pat, whom he met while she was a nursing student at Duke.  They married in 1941 and after having 5 children between 1942 and 1947, she accompanied him on field trips, marking topography maps with collection sites and managing specimen packets.  She also helped prepare and distribute "The Bryologist", journal of The American Bryological Society.   
Anderson frequently collaborated with Howard A. Crum, and in 1981, the two published a two-volume flora on the mosses of eastern North America. Anderson continued to expand the bryophyte herbarium at Duke, and he helped to develop a graduate program in bryology. He retired from Duke in 1982.
The moss genus Bryoandersonia was named after him by Harold E. Robinson. Some species, including Bryocrumia andersonii, also bear his name. 
In 1998, the bryophyte herbarium at Duke University was officially named the L.E. Anderson Bryophyte Herbarium. It holds approximately 260,000 specimens.
I Can See Your Voice is a Philippine television mystery music game show series on Kapamilya Channel and A2Z. It is based on the South Korean program of the same name.
There are six individuals or groups of mystery singers standing on a platform to keep identities concealed until the "stage of truth" performance.
The guest artist is given some time to observe and examine each mystery singer based on their appearance. Afterward, a muted video of each mystery singer reveals only 0.3 seconds of their singing voice as an additional hint.[a][b]
Each mystery singer performs a lip sync to a song. Good singers are miming to own voices while bad singers are miming to other's voices.[a][b]
Each mystery singer performs a lip sync from a non-lyrical part of a song (i.e. screams, whistles, interjections, etc.).[a]
Separated into two groups, each group of mystery singers participate in a short lip sync performance for one song each.[c]
A proof of each mystery singer's singing ability (i.e. photo, video, certificates, etc.) is shown on the screen.[a]
Three random panelists must wear headphones to listen to the mystery singer's real voice for 15 seconds. Afterward, the panelist must defend the mystery singer and convince the guest artist to choose him/her as the final mystery singer.[a][b][c]
ABS-CBN first announced the development of the series in a collaboration with Endemol Shine Group in August 2017. Produced by ABS-CBN Entertainment, the staff team is managed by executive producer Rose Casala, director Jon Raymond Moll, and creative director Stiffany Adanza.
Episode tapings took place at the ABS-CBN Broadcasting Center, Brgy. South Triangle, Diliman, Quezon City. Production was halted during the second season from March to October 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Later, the second indefinite network shutdown and franchise denial took place. Since the third season, it was taped with enhanced health and safety protocols being implemented.
ICSYVPH debuted on September 16, 2017, replacing Lethal Weapon's timeslot. The second season premiered on August 10, 2019 but it was prematurely ended on March 14, 2020 because of halting productions. The third season premiered on October 24, 2020, coinciding with the debut broadcast of TV5's rival program Masked Singer Pilipinas, another Philippine adaptation of the South Korean reality competition series.
The program was aired on ABS-CBN for two seasons, and then switched to A2Z and Kapamilya Channel for third season. It also simulcasts on YouTube and Facebook Live through Kapamilya Online Live streaming. Outside of the Philippines, it is aired on The Filipino Channel through international transmissions. They are available for streaming on iWantTFC through video on demand.
The Rufescent prinia (Prinia rufescens) is a species of bird in the family Cisticolidae. It is found in Southeast Asia, the Indian subcontinent (mainly in the northeast) and southern Yunnan. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forest.
Barley malt syrup is an unrefined sweetener processed by extraction from sprouted, i.e., malted, barley, containing approximately 65 percent maltose, 30 percent complex carbohydrate, 3% protein. Malt syrup is dark brown, thick and sticky, and possesses a strong distinctive flavor described as "malty". It is about half as sweet as refined white sugar. Barley malt syrup is sometimes used in combination with other natural sweeteners to lend a malt flavor.
Also called 'barley malt extract' (or just malt syrup), barley malt syrup is purely from malted barley though there are instances of mislabeling where merchants use other grains or corn syrup in production. It can also be sold in powdered form, and is used in the bread and baked good industry for browning and flavoring, and in cereal manufacture to add malt flavor. Adding barley malt syrup to yeast dough increases fermentation due to the malt enzymes, quickening the proofing process.
Barley malt syrup has a long history, and was one of the primary sweetener in China from 1000 BCE to 1000 CE (along with honey). A classical 6th century Chinese text, Qimin Yaoshu, contains notes on the extraction of malt syrup and maltose from common household grains. It continued to be used in traditional Chinese sweets, such as dragon's beard candy.
Sugar rationing in the US led to the first commercial malt syrup production in the 1920s, to deal with sugar shortages.
FC Arsenal Kharkiv is a football club based in Kharkiv, Ukraine. Arsenal Kharkiv currently plays in the regional competitions of Kharkiv city. In 2005 on the base of the club was formed another club FC Kharkiv. FC Arsenal has a well established infrastructure with series of stadiums and sport schools.
The club has a possession of two stadiums Arsenal-Spartak Stadium (former Spartak) and Arsenal-Bavaria Stadium (former stadium of local rope factory). Also the club has a complex of four fields with a synthetic surface called Arsenal-OPEN. Arsenal-Spartak has capacity of 1500 people, but it's planned to enlarge it to 8000 by 2010; Arsenal-Bavaria has a capacity to accommodate 2300 spectators. In July 2010 Arsenal-Bavaria was given away to FC Helios Kharkiv and was renamed into Helios Arena.
The Ashville Formation is a geological formation in Saskatchewan and Manitoba whose strata date back to the Late Cretaceous. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.
It is geochronologically equivalent to the Lower Colorado Group and the Viking Formation in central Alberta.
The 1999 Spanish motorcycle Grand Prix was the third round of the 1999 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 9 May 1999 at the Circuito Permanente de Jerez. The event is notable for being the last round that 5-time 500cc and reigning World Champion Mick Doohan participated in. Doohan did not start the race due to crashing in the wet qualifying session, resulting in career-ending leg injuries.
The university enrolls approximately 17,000 students each year. Approximately 1,500 students are international.
Since 2015, NTNU has been ranked within 350 in the QS World University Rankings (No. 331 in the world in 2020 and No. 61 in Asia). NTNU has been ranked among the top 50 in the world in the three disciplines of education, linguistics, and library and information management systems. 
This makes National Taiwan Normal University a well-known university with international influence and visibility. The affiliated senior high school of National Taiwan Normal University is also one of the top high schools in Taiwan.
The university also runs the Affiliated Senior High School of National Taiwan Normal University, a daughter institution for secondary-school students in Taiwan.
Other international highlights recently at NTNU include the International Chemistry Olympiad hosted by the university in 2005 and the merger of NTNU with the University Preparatory School for Overseas Chinese Students in 2006. NTNU also participates in the Biodiversity Program of the Taiwan International Graduate Program of Academia Sinica. A new dormitory for NTNU international students is slated to open in 2024.
The standard abbreviated reference to National Taiwan Normal University in English is the acronym NTNU. The standard abbreviated form in Mandarin Chinese is the portmanteau Shi1da4. Romanized as "Shida", this form appears transliterated in place names associated with the campus: Shida Road, Shida Night Market, Shida Bookstore, and the like.
The word normal in the school's name perpetuates an English usage of the term that, if archaic in some countries, remains common in Asia. A "normal school" trains future teachers in educational norms.
He was born in Sliven in 1799. Later, he took the name of this town as his surname. His early school years were spent in a Greek school in Sliven. His secondary education was in Kidonia. He traveled in Europe.
Seliminski returned to Sliven in 1825. He opened a school in which he taught physics. His school became one of the first Bulgarian lower-level secondary schools.
The stanitsa is located in the steppe zone, 12 km southeast of Giaginskaya (the district's administrative centre) by road.
The engine's severe undersquare design was addressed for the 1957 Flaminia version. This lasted in production through 1970.
Later Lancias were powered by V6 engines designed by other manufacturers, with the Ferrari Dino V6 powering the Stratos, the PRV V6 powering early Themas, the Alfa Romeo Busso V6 powering later versions of the Thema, and versions of the Kappa and Thesis and the Chrysler Pentastar V6 in the badge-engineered 300C-based Thema.
He had previously played for many seasons with FK Inter Bratislava, except between 2008 and 2010 when he was with NK Primorje. With Primorje he played the 2008-09 season in the Slovenian First League having played 15 league matches, scoring once, but at the end of that season the club was relegated so he played the 2009-10 season in the Slovenian Second League.
This biographical article related to a defender from Slovakia is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The 15th San Francisco Film Critics Circle Awards, honoring the best in film for 2016, were given on December 11, 2016.
Gulf Park Estates is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) located south of Ocean Springs in Jackson County, Mississippi, United States. It is part of the Pascagoula Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 5,719 at the 2010 census, up from 4,272 at the 2000 census.
There were 1,537 households, out of which 44.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.6% were married couples living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.7% were non-families. 17.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.78 and the average family size was 3.14.
In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 30.2% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 36.4% from 25 to 44, 19.7% from 45 to 64, and 5.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.1 males.
The median income for a household in the CDP was $47,647, and the median income for a family was $49,211. Males had a median income of $32,138 versus $26,503 for females. The per capita income for the CDP was $17,978. About 6.0% of families and 6.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 10.0% of those under age 18 and 3.2% of those age 65 or over.
The Men's time trial at the 2006 UCI Road World Championships took place on September 21, 2006, in the Austrian city of Salzburg. The race was part of the UCI Road World Championships. Swiss rider Fabian Cancellara won the gold medal and the rainbow jersey as the 2006 World Time Trial Champion.
Each National Federation was allowed to enter 2 riders. In the end 53 riders were selected for the race, with Polish rider Piotr Mazur not starting, 52 riders effectively took part.
El Adobe de Capistrano, or El Adobe, is a restaurant located in at 31891 Camino Capistrano in San Juan Capistrano, California. It has been operated since 1948 and is in a building composed of two historic adobes near Mission San Juan Capistrano.  It is also notable for being frequented by and being a favorite of U.S. President Richard Nixon who lived in nearby San Clemente. Now El Adobe is a California historical landmark.  
In 1910, Harry and Georgia Mott Vander Leck bought the two properties, combining them together and adding sunken wings to both buildings, for use as their home and store.
In 1946, Clarence Brown bought the property, and established the El Adobe restaurant, opening it on July 8, 1948 for the wedding and reception of the First Commandant of Camp Pendleton Marine Corps Base, General Fegan.  The restaurant was bought by the Fred Harvey Company in 1955.
While in office, former President Richard Nixon whose nearby San Clemente home was known as the Western White House, visited the restaurant many times.  The restaurant was originally continental cuisine, but after comments by Nixon, it gained attention for its Mexican fare and changed the menu.
St. Xavier's School was the first institute in Nepal to be affiliated with Cambridge University. In 1957 it offered the first GCE exams in Nepal and again in 1984 when the school resumed General Certificate of Education O levels. The early 1950s found Nepal isolated and little exposed to the outside world. St. Xavier's, run mostly by American Jesuits, introduced a new standard of excellence for education in Nepal.
While the mission statement of the school speaks of "formation of our students, their parents and each other, educational excellence, spiritual growth and social justice, active service of god, Nepal and the human society, its impact on the country is equally noticeable in the improvement of English taught at schools.
An all-boys school from 1951 until 2000, St. Xavier's began admitting girls starting with the academic session of 2000/01.
St. Xavier's School, established at Godawari on the outskirts of Kathmandu in 1951, added a branch at Jawalakhel within the city in 1954. Until 1999 the two branches operated as a single unit with students at Godawari transferring to Jawalakhel after grade six. The Jawalakhel branch on the other hand ran classes from grade one through grade ten. Started in 1999, the Godawari branch extended its offerings beyond middle school to grade ten and both school draws students nationwide.
The school follows the national standard Secondary Education Examination (S.E.E.) curriculum for grade ten and National Examination Board (N.E.B) for grade 12. The performance in the S.E.E. examinations by the students of St. Xavier's School has over the years been exceptional: failures in any given year are rare and well over half of all candidates score within the highest division (above an aggregate score of 60%).
The barracks were built in 1853 and were enlarged in 1911. The old barracks were completely demolished in 1988 and new barracks were built between 1989 and 1993. The barracks remain the place from where troops set off to change the guard at Windsor Castle. The sole garrisoned unit, the 1st Battalion, Coldstream Guards is a light infantry battalion operating since 2019 as part of the 11th Infantry Brigade and Headquarters South East.
Yatinder Singh is an Indian bodybuilder, entrepreneur and fitness icon. His most recent accomplishments include the Silver medal in 7th World Body Building and Physique Championship 2015 and Mr. India 2016.
Singh was born and raised in a Panwar(Khubbad) Gurjar family and hails from Village Jandhera situated in district Saharanpur, UP.
The year 2001 marked the beginning of Singh's bodybuilding career. After winning his first championship in 2002, he took part in several bodybuilding and fitness competitions in India and later internationally. 
Singh had started preparing for Mr. Asia 2005. One evening while working out, he was seriously injured due to the negligence of a helping boy. Singh's lower back vertebrae had ruptured causing nerve injuries. His right hand and leg about 30 percent paralyzed. As a result, he was bedridden for months.
Singh had to stay away from bodybuilding for the next three years. To become financially independent, he soon started working as a personal trainer in a gym in Meerut, Uttar Pradesh. In 2008, he moved to Gurgaon to pursue his career as a businessman.
Marcello Giuria (born 2 October 1891, date of death unknown) was an Italian wrestler. He competed in the Greco-Roman heavyweight event at the 1924 Summer Olympics.
This biographical article relating to an Italian sport wrestler or wrestling coach is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
After they went on tour with Element of Crime and again AnnenMayKantereit in early 2016., they released their debut album Grande on July 15, 2016, which was followed by a tour in September and October of the same year. They also played at several music festivals in 2016, such as the Appletree Garden Festival, the Kosmonaut Festival, Rocken am Brocken and the Fusion Festival. In 2018, they performed at the Campus Festival in Bielefeld as well as at the Deichbrand in Nordholz.
Characteristic for their musical style are instruments such as an electronic Casio-Keyboard or a Steel Drum, which the band has partly borrowed or bought from an opera house.
The Voice Kids is a Polish reality music talent show for aspiring singers aged 8 to 15, airing on TVP2. The third season premiered on New Year's Day 2020. Tomson & Baron, Dawid Kwiatkowski and Cleo returned as coaches. Tomasz Kammel returned as host, with Ida Nowakowska-Herndon as the new host, replacing Barbara Kurdej-Szatan.
Thliptoceras stygiale is a moth in the family Crambidae. It was described by George Hampson in 1896. It is found in India's Naga Hills.
 As Blue Water is located on the eastern shore of Lake Huron this has impacted the climate of the region, having an influence of rain and snow in the community close to the shores.
As a small community Bayfield has many yearly traditions which include the Bayfield Fair in August, and Christmas in Bayfield, which takes place the  weekend after Remembrance Day and includes the lighting of the trees in Clan Gregor Square as well as an annual Christmas Parade. Other annual events include the Fireman's Breakfast, Pioneer Park 5k Run, Santa Run, Halloween Witches Walk, and Corvette Fest and Volks Fest.[citation needed]
The Bayfield Historical Society operates a heritage centre containing historic artifacts, newspapers, and photographs. Tours are available.
The 1987 Can-Am Teams season was the twentieth and final running of the Sports Car Club of America's Can Am Series and the eleventh and final running of the revived series. For 1987, the series added March 85Cs from CART, although some continued to use the old prototypes. Bill Tempero was declared champion. The Marches acted as a "single seat Can Am" group, replacing the old Formula 5000 cars.
Brian Leonel Blando (born 1 April 1995) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a forward for Agropecuario.
The Committee for Plundered Ministers was appointed by the Long Parliament, then under the influence of the Presbyterians, after the start of the English Civil War in August 1643 for the purpose of replacing and effectively silencing those clergy who were loyal to the King Charles I.
The committee would hear evidence, often from local parishioners, of the errors in doctrine of the parish priest. If the allegations were proved, the rector was replaced and his property forcibly sequestered, so that he could only recover it by buying it back. Local parishioners sometimes used the committee's activities as an opportunity to get rid of clergy they did not like.
The committee also acted as trustee, allocating money collected from rent of rectory lands to support priests in their roles throughout Britain.
These sequestrated clergy were described as "scandalous", which meant that either they supported the Royalist cause, or their theological attitudes were high Anglican, or both. Often the two went hand in hand because, in a religious age, some of the political differences about how the country should be governed were over the laws on how church affairs should be organised and the details of how services should be conducted.
Abbott graduated from Longmeadow High School. Abbott earned a B.A. from Brown University in 1970 and a M.E.d. from Keene State College in 1986.
Abbott worked as principal of Hinsdale High School in New Hampshire from 1985 to 2000. On November 4, 2014, Abbott was elected to the New Hampshire House of Representatives where he represents the Cheshire 1 district. Abbott assumed office on December 3, 2014. Abbott is a Democrat.
Abbott resides in Hinsdale, New Hampshire and has since 1970. Abbott is married to Sharon and has one child.
WrestleMania 23 was the 23rd annual WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It took place on April 1, 2007, at Ford Field in Detroit, Michigan. The event was the first WrestleMania at Ford Field and the second to take place in the Detroit metropolitan area (following WrestleMania III, which was held at the Pontiac Silverdome, in Pontiac, Michigan).
WrestleMania 23 featured professional wrestling matches involving wrestlers from existing scripted feuds and storylines played out on WWE's television programs. Wrestlers portrayed faces (heroes) or heels (villains) as they followed a series of events that built tension and culminated in a match or a series of matches.
I will have your back until WrestleMania. I've turned against all my partners and more importantly, I've stabbed all my friends in the back. But with you, John, it's different.
After Michaels defeated Orton, Cena ran-down to the ring and saved Michaels from an attack by Edge and Orton. On the final Raw before WrestleMania, Cena, and Michaels would team up to face Batista and Undertaker in a rematch from their match at No Way Out. Cena and Michaels looked set to win after performing a synchronized Five Knuckle Shuffle, but Michaels turned on Cena and superkicked him, which allowed Batista and Undertaker to win the match.
The event officially began with Aretha Franklin singing a rendition of "America the Beautiful", reprising her role from twenty years earlier at WrestleMania III.
The next match was Melina against Ashley in a Lumberjill Match for the WWE Women's Championship. The match was short, as Melina Bridge pinned Ashley to retain the title. After the match, the lumberjills began brawling in the ring.
The main event was John Cena against Shawn Michaels for the WWE Championship. After a back and forth match, the longest of the night, Cena applied the STF on Michaels, Michaels submitted and Cena retained the title.
John Cena and Shawn Michaels continued their feud, with Michaels betraying Cena the night after WrestleMania on Raw. During the second of two battle royals, Michaels eliminated himself and Cena, resulting in The Hardys winning the World Tag Team Championship. On the Raw before Backlash, Cena and Michaels wrestled an almost hour long non-title match, which Michaels won.
Rockford-Montgomery Labs, through their brand 360 OTC, was named as the official sponsor of the event. On January 19, 2008, WWE filed a lawsuit against the company alleging non-payment of the sponsorship funds. A similar lawsuit was also filed by NASCAR Cup Series team Bill Davis Racing, which had run WWE and WrestleMania 23 sponsorship as part of their sponsorship deal with 360 OTC.
This Spanish road or road transport-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Palaquium microphyllum is a tree in the family Sapotaceae. The specific epithet microphyllum means "small leaves".
Palaquium microphyllum is native to Sumatra, Peninsular Malaysia, Singapore and Borneo. Its habitat is swamps, mixed dipterocarp and kerangas forests.
Palaquium microphyllum has been assessed as near threatened on the IUCN Red List. The species is threatened by logging and conversion of land for palm oil plantations.
A paperback, also known as a softcover or softback, is a type of book characterized by a thick paper or paperboard cover, and often held together with glue rather than stitches or staples. In contrast, hardcover or hardback books are bound with cardboard covered with cloth, plastic, or leather. The pages on the inside of a paperback are made of paper.
Inexpensive books bound in paper have existed since at least the 19th century in such forms as pamphlets, yellowbacks, dime novels, and airport novels. Modern paperbacks can be differentiated by size. In the U.S., there are "mass-market paperbacks" and larger, more durable "trade paperbacks". In the U.K., there are A-format, B-format, and the largest C-format sizes.
Since paperbacks tend to have a smaller profit margin, many publishers try to balance the profit to be made by selling fewer hardcovers against the potential profit to be made by selling more paperbacks with a smaller profit per unit. First editions of many modern books, especially genre fiction, are issued in paperback. Best-selling books, on the other hand, may maintain sales in hardcover for an extended period to reap the greater profits that the hardcovers provide.[citation needed]
The German-language market also supported examples of cheap paper-bound books:  Bernhard Tauchnitz started the Collection of British and American Authors in 1841. These inexpensive, paperbound editions, a direct precursor to mass-market paperbacks, eventually ran to over 5,000 volumes. Reclam published Shakespeare in this format from October 1857 and went on to pioneer the mass-market paper-bound Universal-Bibliothek series from 10 November 1867.
In the United States, many companies entered the paperback publishing field in the years after Pocket Books' inception, including Ace, Dell, Bantam, Avon and dozens of other smaller publishers. At first, paperbacks consisted entirely of reprints, but in 1950, Fawcett Publications' Gold Medal Books began publishing original works in paperback.
U.S. paperbacks quickly entered the Canadian market. Canadian mass-market paperback initiatives in the 1940s included White Circle Books, a subsidiary of Collins (U.K.); it was fairly successful but was soon outstripped by the success of Harlequin which began in 1949 and, after a few years of publishing undistinguished novels, focused on the romance genre and became one of the world's largest publishers.
McClelland and Stewart entered the Canadian mass-market book trade in the early 1960s, with its "Canadian best seller library" series, at a time when Canadian literary culture was beginning to be popularized, and a call for a Canadian author identity was discussed by the Canadian people.
In 1982, romance novels accounted for at least 25% of all paperback sales. In 2013, 51% of paperback sales were romance. Many titles, especially in genre fiction, have their first editions in paperback and never receive a hardcover printing. This is particularly true of first novels by new authors.
The mass-market paperbacks sold in airport newsstands have given rise to the vaguely defined literary genre of the "airport novel", bought by travelers to read during their potentially long hours of sitting and waiting. Mass-market paperbacks also have offered collections of comic strips and magazine cartoon series, such as Ernie Bushmiller's Nancy and Chon Day's Brother Sebastian.
The bishop has no restrictions in distance for each move, but is limited to diagonal movement. Bishops, like all other pieces except the knight, cannot jump over other pieces. A bishop captures by occupying the square on which an enemy piece sits.
The bishops may be differentiated according to which wing they begin on, e.g. the king's bishop and queen's bishop. As a consequence of its diagonal movement, each bishop always remains on either the white or black squares, and so it is also common to refer to them as light-squared or dark-squared bishops.
Both knights and bishops are worth about 3 pawns. This means bishops are approximately equal in strength to knights, but depending on the game situation either may have a distinct advantage.
Less experienced players tend to underrate the bishop compared to the knight because the knight can reach all squares and is more adept at forking. More experienced players understand the power of the bishop(Mednis 1990:2).
Two bishops on opposite-colored squares and king can force checkmate against a lone king, whereas two knights cannot. A bishop and knight can force mate, but with far greater difficulty than two bishops.
In certain positions a bishop can by itself lose a move (see triangulation and tempo), while a knight can never do so. The bishop is capable of skewering or pinning a piece, while the knight can do neither. A bishop can in some situations hinder a knight from moving. In these situations, the bishop is said to be "dominating" the knight.
In the middlegame, a player with only one bishop should generally place friendly pawns on squares of the color that the bishop cannot move to. This allows the player to control squares of both colors, allows the bishop to move freely among the pawns, and helps fix enemy pawns on squares on which they can be attacked by the bishop. Such a bishop is often referred to as a "good" bishop.
Endgames in which each player has only one bishop (and no other pieces besides the king) and the bishops are on opposite colors are often drawn, even when one side has an extra pawn or two. Many of these positions would be a win if the bishops were on the same color.
In an endgame with a bishop, in some cases the bishop is the "wrong bishop", meaning that it is on the wrong color of square for some purpose (usually promoting a pawn). For example, with just a bishop and a rook pawn, if the bishop cannot control the promotion square of the pawn, it is said to be the "wrong bishop" or the pawn is said to be the wrong rook pawn. This results in some positions being drawn (by setting up a fortress) which otherwise would be won.
On 23 June 2016, Wague signed with Kazakhstan Premier League side FC Zhetysu until the end of the 2016 season.
On 10 February 2021, he left Cypriot Professionnal League in order to sign in Malaysia Super League club Sri Pahang F.C..
This biographical article related to association football in France, about a defender born in the 1990s, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Lynda Kinkade is an Australian journalist and a CNN anchor currently based at CNN's World Headquarters located in Atlanta, Georgia. Since August 2014 she has anchored the weekend editions of CNN International's CNN Newsroom and continues to anchor several weekday programs filling in on the European primetime show The World Right Now, the Middle East prime time show Connect the World and the Asia breakfast show CNN Today.
Kinkade began her broadcasting career in 2002 when she joined the Seven Network in her second year of university as a political researcher. She worked on the 2003 New South Wales state election coverage. Her research on each electorate in New South Wales was published and used during the election coverage by the anchors, reporters and producers.
Following the election Kinkade was hired by Sunrise and worked the graveyard shifts as junior producer throughout her final year of university.
After completing her degree at the University of Technology Sydney with a distinction average, Lynda Kinkade moved to the country to gain field experience working as a roving reporter for NBN Television in Newcastle, New South Wales, Tweed Heads, New South Wales, Lismore, New South Wales.
Lynda Kinkade joined the Nine Network twelve months later in December 2004 as an assistant Chief of Staff, going on to become a producer and reporter on Today, Nine Afternoon News, Nightline and Nine News Sydney. She also presented the weekend edition of the Qantas Inflight News. During her four years at the network Kinkade worked on coverage which included 2005 Nias Island Sea King crash, the death of Pope John Paul II, the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami  and 2005 Cronulla riots.
In December 2013, Lynda Kinkade resigned from Seven Network and moved to New York City to work as a freelance foreign correspondent. She covered breaking news and filed reports for Sunrise, Seven News and Today Tonight. She also wrote for The Courier-Mail and The Daily Telegraph. Her stories including 2014 East Harlem gas explosion, the Ebola virus disease outbreak, and the downing of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 and the Early 2014 North American cold wave known as the 'Polar Vortex.'
Kinkade began commuting from New York City to Atlanta in August 2014 to anchor for the weekend editions of CNN Newsroom (CNNI). After several months freelancing CNN signed Lynda Kinkade full-time in January 2015 as an anchor and correspondent.
All songs written by Randy Stonehill, except "Fire", written by Randy Stonehill and Jimmy Abegg; "Sleeping", written by Randy Stonehill and Phil Madeira; and "Little Rose", and "Everything You Know (Is Incorrect)" written by Randy Stonehill and David Edwards.
Margarida Conte (born 2 September 1966) is a Brazilian handball player. She competed in the women's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
This biographical article related to Brazilian handball is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
In computing, an office suite is a collection of productivity software usually containing at least a word processor, spreadsheet and a presentation program. There are many different brands and types of office suites. Popular office suites include Microsoft Office, Google Workspace and LibreOffice.
Office suites for Android, BlackBerry, iPhone, Chrome OS, iOS, Symbian, Windows Mobile, Windows Phone, and others. Used in smartphones, tablets and other mobile devices.
In October 1995 the airport was re-inaugurated as an international airport. To support this expansion of operations, the pavement on the runway was redone and special landing lights were installed. Also a firefighter station was added to comply with FAA and international regulations. Initial response from commercial airlines to the expansion was timid; however, after one year the airport went from having only one weekly charter flight to one almost every day.
^1  United flies to Houston-Intercontinental Airport, and Southwest flies to Houston-Hobby Airport. The data here is for traffic between LIR and all airports in Houston.
In 1920, he was part of the American boat, which won the silver medal in the coxed fours event. Eight years later, he won his second silver medal, this time in the single sculls competition. In 1932, he won the gold medal with his partner William Gilmore in the double sculls event.
This article about a rowing Olympic medalist of the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Another example is in a surface-mount technology board assembly line with several pieces of equipment aligned. Usually the common sense strategy is to set up and shift the bottleneck element towards the end of the process, inducing the better and faster machines to always keep the printed circuit board (PCB) supply flowing up, never allowing the slower ones to fully stop; a strategy that could result in a deleterious (or damaging) and significant, overall drawback in the process.
When input comes in faster than the speed of the process, accumulation starts to occur. This means that the machine either does not have enough capacity, is not being fully utilized (inefficient in use) or has an under-qualified operator. This method is not effective at identifying bottlenecks where the queues are at several process steps, as there are multiple processes with accumulation.
Since the production line is directly linked to the output of the machines, it allows for the identifying of the main bottleneck in the manufacturing process. In changing each machines throughput, it will be possible to assess which machine affects the overall output the most, and hence determine the bottleneck in the chain of processes.
By using the utilization percentage of each production unit, it is possible to determine the machine which uses the highest percentage of its capacity. This machine is bottlenecking the other machines by 'forcing' them to operate at a lower capacity. However, if all machines in the chain of processes are running at a similar capacity level, increasing the capacity of the lowest machine will not create a significant improvement to the total output.
In the case where several production units are already running at full capacity, tracking the down time of machines will allow you to identify which machine is being bottlenecked. Usually the machine prior the machine with the highest wait or down time in the chain of processes is a bottleneck. The result of this is a machine being under utilized.
A fishbone diagram is a graphical means for finding possible problems in a chain of processes. By collecting the different data related to the problem, and inputting them into the diagram, it becomes easier to analyze the data in the order it is used, and hence determine the root of the problem. This is commonly used to find the bottleneck in a chain of processes due to being able to pinpoint the machine precisely responsible for the delay in production.
The consequences of having bottlenecks in production are possible stalls in production, supply overstock, fall in employee morale, and loss of customers. Bottlenecks can result in the overloading of a machine. Overloading a machine can lead to the machinery getting damaged or worn out, and the result of this would be potential stretches of downtime in the long term.
A stall in production would be the result of one machine slowing down the entire chain of processes and consistently leaving the other machines unable to continue while it accumulates a large queue. This inefficiency significantly slows down production as many resources such as time, people, and machines are being paid to wait.
In the event of accumulation in the long-term, the capacity at which the bottlenecked machine is running could be so slow that the accumulated resources that are in the queue need to be stored. The cost of storing resources is significant as it takes resources to transport the materials back and forth as well as requiring space, another potential cost.
The result of bottlenecks could require more work from employees as well as longer hours. In addition, there's the factor of stress and frustration with the bottlenecked machine and its operator. This could result in loss of efficiency as employees may not be very motivated to work.
In removing all non-value activities, you reduce the amount of redundant tasks performed by the bottlenecked machine and hence maximize efficiency. Removing the waste operations results in a shorter cycle time hence allowing the machine to complete each process in less time.
In order to optimise the usage of the machine, the machine should be kept running for as long as possible and hence should never have to wait for materials or stock, to increase productivity. This can be achieved by putting a buffer stock in place, so that the machine always has some task it can be doing. The down side to this strategy is that inventory space will be needed to store the buffer stock, for when the machine before it in the chain of processes, is working.
Establishment of standardized exchanged protocols, can minimise the potential for future bottlenecks to occur through minimising down time. This increases efficiency by reducing any potential confusion between different sectors and hence reduces the possibility for delays of the arrival of raw materials.
Step 1) Re-evaluate the maximum load of every machine, process or work center when accepting a new order.
Through following these steps, the order production will be completed in the shortest possible time frame.
Installing hydroxyl groups into organic compounds can be effected by various metal catalysts.  Many such catalysts are biomimetic, i.e. they are inspired by or intended to mimic enzymes such as cytochrome P450.
Whereas many hydroxylations insert O atoms into C-H bonds, some reactions add OH groups to unsaturated substrates.  The Sharpless dihydroxylation is such a reaction: it converts alkenes into diols. The hydroxy groups are provided by hydrogen peroxide, which adds across the double bond of alkenes.
In biochemistry, hydroxylation reactions are often facilitated by enzymes called hydroxylases. A C-H bond is converted to an alcohol by insertion of an oxygen atom into a C-H bond. Typical stoichiometries for the hydroxylation of a generic hydrocarbon are these:
Since O2 itself is a slow and unselective hydroxylating agent, catalysts are required to accelerate the pace of the process and to introduce selectivity.
Hydroxylation is often the first step in the degradation of organic compounds in air.  Hydroxylation is important in detoxification since it converts lipophilic compounds into water-soluble (hydrophilic) products that are more readily removed by the kidneys or liver and excreted.  Some drugs (for example, steroids) are activated or deactivated by hydroxylation.
The principal hydroxylation agent in nature is cytochrome P-450, hundreds of variations of which are known. Other hydroxylating agents include flavins, alpha-ketoglutarate-dependent hydroxylases, and some diiron hydroxylases.
Marysburg is a hamlet in Saskatchewan located along Highway 756.  The hamlet is an un-incorporated place within the Rural Municipality of Humboldt.  It is located 16 k (10 miles) north of Humboldt.
The hamlet is home to one municipal heritage property, the Marysburg Assumption Church, originally built in 1921 the brick-clad church is of a Romanesque Revival style featuring two towers. The church can hold nearly 400 people and makes extensive use of stained glass. Thirty two paintings by the artist Berthold Imhoff were purchased in 1948 to decorate the church. The church building hosts the Marysburg Summer Festival of the Arts.  A program to restore the historic church is in progress.
Saskatoon Senior Baseball League Pennant Winners - 2009, 2010, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2018, 2019, 2020
Jealous of his personal ascendancy over Louis XVI, he intrigued against Turgot, whose disgrace in 1776 was followed after six months of disorder by the appointment of Jacques Necker. In 1781 Maurepas deserted Necker as he had done Turgot, and he died at Versailles on 21 November 1781.
The Muslim 100: The Lives, Thoughts and Achievements of the Most Influential Muslims in History is a 2008 book, written by Muhammad Mojlum Khan and published by Kube Publishing, listing the biographies of the 100 most influential Muslims in history.
The Muslim 100 is an attempt to explore Islamic history through the lives, thoughts and achievements of a selection of the most influential Muslims.
By exploring the ideas, thoughts and achievements of the lives of 100 most influential Muslim rulers and conquerors, religious scholars and philosophers, writers and literary figures, scientists and explorers, military generals and freedom fighters, reformers and educationalists, this book goes through Islamic thought, history, culture and civilization.
The Cola Wars refer to the long-time rivalry between soft drink producers The Coca-Cola Company and PepsiCo, who have engaged in mutually-targeted marketing campaigns for the direct competition between each company's product lines, especially their flagship colas, Coca-Cola and Pepsi. Beginning in the late 1970s and into the 1980s, the competition escalated, which gave this cultural phenomenon its current moniker of Cola Wars.
Coca-Cola advertising has historically focused on wholesomeness and nostalgia. Coca-Cola advertising is often characterized as "family-friendly" and often relies on "cute" characters (e.g., the Coca-Cola polar bear mascot and Santa Claus around Christmas).
Pepsi advertising is heavily supported by strategic sponsorships and online marketing. Pepsi's logo utilizes the red, white and blue colors of the Flag of the United States, drawing on a strong sense of patriotism throughout its branding.
In 1975, Pepsi began showing advertisements based on the Pepsi Challenge, in which ordinary people were asked which product they preferred in blind taste tests. The study revealed that, when it came down to taste alone, consumers preferred Pepsi over Coca-Cola. This prompted Coca-Cola's creation of "Diet Coke," and later on, "New Coke," both of which led to a major shifting point in the Cola Wars.
Coca-Cola first introduced their "Share a Coke" campaign in Australia in 2011 changing the traditional design of their products to display "Share a Coke with:" and have names printed on each bottle or can. The idea behind the campaign was to create a more personal relationship with their customers.
Many of the brands available from the three largest soda producers, The Coca-Cola Company, PepsiCo and Keurig Dr Pepper, are intended as direct, equivalent competitors. The following chart lists these competitors by type or flavor of drink.
Eliecer Montes de Oca Fleitas (born March 28, 1971, in Villa Clara, Cuba) is a Cuban baseball player and Olympic gold medalist.
Eliecer Montes de Oca is a one time Gold medalist for baseball, winning at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
This Cuban biographical article relating to baseball is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Vitale De Stefano (1889-1959) was an Italian actor and film director of the silent era. He played the role of Masinissa in Giovanni Pastrone's epic Cabiria in 1914.
This biographical article related to film in Italy is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The draw for the preliminary single-legged round was held on 20 July 2017 in Zagreb. The matches were played on 23 August 2017.
* Match played on 24 October. ** Match played on 31 October. *** Match played on 7 November. **** Match played on 14 November.
The semi-final was originally scheduled for 28 February 2018 but was later postponed due to unfavourable weather conditions.
The American Time Use Survey (ATUS), sponsored by the Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) and conducted by the United States Census Bureau (USCB), is a time-use survey which provides measures of the amounts of time people spend on various activities, including working, leisure, childcare, and household activities. The survey has been conducted annually since 2003.
ATUS data is used by the Bureau of Economic Analysis (BEA) to account for the value of household production, the Bureau of Transportation Statistics (BTS) in their Passenger Travel: Facts and Figures report, and the Economic Research Service (ERS) to examine how time use patterns of eating affect health.
ATUS data has also been used to help research worker productivity, social isolation, and how working parents balance the activities in their lives.
Ronald Oneil Spence, Jr. was born in Camden, New Jersey, on September 14, 1992, and grew up in Woodbury, New Jersey. Growing up, he used to play drums in nursery, which got him interested in music. Ronny attended Rowan College at Gloucester County while still living in New Jersey where he met fellow Rose boy Corte$4Prez. He was also into arts and architecture before pursuing his music career. He moved to Miami, where he became part of Denzel Curry's group, C9 and Raider Klan.
In May 2017, Ronny J signed a deal with Independently Popular and Atlantic Records. On February 23, 2018, he released his first mixtape under Atlantic, OMGRONNY. On August 14, 2020, he released his debut studio album, Jupiter.
The Fearless Lover is a 1925 American silent drama film directed by Scott R. Dunlap and Henry MacRae and starring William Fairbanks, Eva Novak and Tom Kennedy.
This article about a silent drama film from the 1920s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Ros's orisha in the yoruba religion was Oggun. He would later become the Akpwon Mayor, and an Oriate.
Jackson, also known as Jackson Station, is an unincorporated community in Cicero Township, Tipton County, in the U.S. state of Indiana.
A post office was established under the name Jackson Station in 1863, was renamed Jackson in 1882, and operated until it was discontinued in 1905.
Boggs lured a drunk 32-year-old Ellis Henry Greene into his office in Glendale, California and disabled him with a stun gun, then suffocated him with the help of co-conspirator Melvin Eugene "Gene" Hanson on April 16, 1988.
The case was officially closed, and the body was quickly cremated at the behest of Hawkins, who collected the $1 million life insurance policy he had taken out on Hanson, cleaned out his bank accounts, and disappeared. Hanson also went into hiding, adopting an identity as Wolfgang Von Snowden.[citation needed]
In Hanson's knapsack, the Customs agents found $14,000 of undeclared cash, several stolen or forged identification cards (including the California state driver's license of Ellis Greene), and a Dade County library book How To Create a New Identity. The Customs agents contacted the FBI in Columbus, and after confirming an outstanding arrest warrant, placed Hanson under arrest. Boggs was arrested the same week at his office. 
Hawkins managed to leave the United States despite a flurry of media exposure. His case was profiled on America's Most Wanted and The Oprah Winfrey Show, and reported around the world before Hawkins was captured off Sardinia by Italian police in 1991. While awaiting extradition to the U.S., Hawkins attempted to escape from prison, but this was thwarted by alert guards. 
Boggs and Hanson were both convicted of Greene's murder and multiple counts of fraud and were sentenced to life imprisonment plus nine years without parole, and Hawkins was convicted of conspiracy to murder and fraud and was sentenced to 34 years to life. Hawkins received a lighter sentence as he had not been involved in the actual murder; he was paroled in 2010.
Richard Boggs died of a heart attack at the age of 69 on March 6, 2003 while serving his sentence at Corcoran State Prison. At the time of his death, Boggs had been HIV positive for over ten years, and had also been diagnosed with terminal pancreatic cancer.
This biographical article related to a goalkeeper from Egypt is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Hey Everyone! is the debut album by Glasgow-based rock band Dananananaykroyd, released on 6 April 2009 on the Best Before Records label. The album debuted on the UK Albums Chart at number 154 in its week of release.
Initial critical reception was generally positive, ClashMusic.com commenting: "Dananananaykroyd have made a debut album as unforgettable as their name is unwieldy, and it is a magnificent achievement." This Is Fake DIY also reviewed the album positively, saying "this is an album that's both satisfyingly violent, subtly tuneful and, dare we say it, not so hard to swallow that it has to stay an underground concern."
An NME review criticised the track order of the album, claiming that the three singles "Black Wax", "Totally Bone" and "Pink Sabbath" being grouped together was an unwise choice.
The record was recorded in the Machine Shop in Hoboken, New Jersey in July and August 2008. The music was recorded almost completely live in one room, John Baillie Jnr's vocals were recorded with Machine while Calum Gunn's were recorded separately in Southern Studios in London. While recording,  the band's guitarist David Roy made home movies which are now on Vimeo.
Deep-ocean Assessment and Reporting of Tsunamis (DART) is a component of an enhanced tsunami warning system.
By logging changes in seafloor temperature and pressure, and transmitting the data via a surface buoy to a ground station by satellite, DART enables instant, accurate tsunami forecasts. In Standard Mode, the system logs the data at 15-minute intervals, and in Event Mode, every 15 seconds. A 2-way communication system allows the ground station to switch DART into Event Mode whenever detailed reports are needed. 
When on-board software identifies a possible tsunami, the station leaves standard mode and begins transmitting in event mode. In standard mode, the station reports water temperature and pressure (which are converted to sea-surface height, not unlike a depth gauge or a pressure tide gauge) every 15 minutes. At the start of event mode, the buoy reports measurements every 15 seconds for several minutes, followed by 1-minute averages for 4 hours.
The first-generation DART I stations had one-way communication ability, and relied solely on the software's ability to detect a tsunami to trigger event mode and rapid data transmission. In order to avoid false positives, the detection threshold was set relatively high, presenting the possibility that a tsunami with a low amplitude could fail to trigger the station.
The second-generation DART II is equipped for two-way communication, allowing tsunami forecasters to place the station in event mode in anticipation of a tsunami's arrival.
In the wake of the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and its subsequent tsunamis, plans were announced to deploy an additional 32 DART II buoys around the world. These would include stations in the Caribbean and Atlantic Ocean for the first time.
The United States' array was completed in 2008 totaling 39 stations in the Pacific Ocean, Atlantic Ocean, and Caribbean Sea.  The international community has also taken an interest in DART buoys and as of 2009 Australia, Chile, Indonesia and Thailand have deployed DART buoys to use as part of each country's tsunami warning system.
In the 2018 budget justification for NOAA, the Trump administration proposed eliminating the DART system as part of a 56% cut to the tsunami warning program.
The data sent from the anchored bottom pressure recorder to the surface buoy consists of the temperature and pressure of the surrounding sea water. It retrieves and releases data every 15 seconds to get an average reading of the current weather conditions.
A very stable, long lived, very high resolution pressure sensor is a critical enabling technology for DART's bottom pressure recorder. It is a resonant quartz crystal strain gauge with a bourdon tube force collector. When compensated for temperature, this sensor has a pressure resolution of approximately 1mm of water when measuring pressure at a depth of several kilometers.
where 1 is the multiplicative identity. The set of units U(R) of a ring forms a group under multiplication.
Less commonly, the term unit is also used to refer to the element 1 of the ring, in expressions like ring with a unit or unit ring, and also e.g. 'unit' matrix. For this reason, some authors call 1 "unity" or "identity", and say that R is a "ring with unity" or a "ring with identity" rather than a "ring with a unit".
In fact, Dirichlet's unit theorem describes the structure of U(R) precisely: it is isomorphic to a group of the form
where      r  1   ,  r  2     {\displaystyle r_{1},r_{2}}   are the numbers of real embeddings and the number of pairs of complex embeddings of F, respectively.
This recovers the above example: the unit group of (the ring of integers of) a real quadratic field is infinite of rank 1, since      r  1   = 2 ,  r  2   = 0   {\displaystyle r_{1}=2,r_{2}=0}  .
In the ring Z/nZ of integers modulo n, the units are the congruence classes (mod n) represented by integers coprime to n. They constitute the multiplicative group of integers modulo n.
The formulation of the group of units defines a functor U from the category of rings to the category of groups:
Associatedness can also be described in terms of the action of U(R) on R via multiplication: Two elements of R are associate if they are in the same U(R)-orbit.
In an integral domain, the set of associates of a given nonzero element has the same cardinality as U(R).
Bhupesh Chaubey is an Indian politician and a member of 17th Legislative Assembly of Milak, Uttar Pradesh of India. He represents the Robertsganj constituency of Uttar Pradesh. He is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party.
Chaubey has been a member of the 17th Legislative Assembly of Uttar Pradesh. Since 2017, he has represented the Robertsganj constituency and is a member of the BJP.
This article about a Bharatiya Janata Party politician from Uttar Pradesh is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Pierrette Perrin (died 1794), was a French industrialist.  After the death of her husband Claude Perrin in 1748, she developed his company in to one of the biggest faience-factories in France in Marseilles, with export internationally to both the Middle East, the West Indies and Latin America.
The MPI CPfS conducts research on modern solid state chemistry and physics. Key open questions include "understanding the interplay of topology and symmetry in modern materials, maximising the level of control in material synthesis, understanding the nature of the chemical bond in intermetallic compounds and studying giant response functions at the borderline of standard metallic and superconducting behaviour".
On 8 September 1944, days before Belgrade was taken by the Red Army, on the attack from the East, Metropolitan Anastasius (Gribanovsky), along with his office and the other bishops, left Serbia for Vienna. A few months later, they moved to Munich; finally, in November 1950, they immigrated to the United States, together with numerous other Russian Orthodox refugees in the postwar period.
On the other hand, the ROCOR, by 1950 headquartered in New York, the United States, rejected both the Communist regime in the Soviet Union and the Moscow Patriarchate. Its leaders condemned the Moscow Patriarchate as a Soviet Church run by the secret police.
Until well after World War II, most of the Orthodox Church properties in Palestine were controlled by leaders opposed to both the Soviet rule and the Moscow Patriarchate, i.e. mainly within the ROCOR.
Historically, ROCOR has always affirmed that it was an inseparable part of the Russian Church, and that its autonomous status was only temporary, based upon Ukaz 362, until such time as the domination of the Soviet government over the affairs of the Church should cease:
In 1997 Patriarch of Moscow Alexei II attempted to visit a ROCOR-held monastery in Hebron with Yasser Arafat. "The Moscow-based church has enjoyed a close relationship with Arafat since his guerrilla fighter days." The ROCOR clergy refused to allow Arafat and the patriarch to enter the church, holding that Alexei had no legitimate authority. Two weeks later police officers of the Palestinian Authority arrived; they evicted the ROCOR clergy and turned the property over to the ROC.
At the jubilee Council of Bishops in 2000, the Russian Orthodox Church canonized Tsar Nicholas and his family, along with more than 1,000 martyrs and confessors. This Council also enacted a document on relations between the Church and the secular authorities, censoring servility and complaisance. They also rejected the idea of any connection between E. Orthodoxy and Catholicism.
The episcopate of the ROCOR asserted that Metropolitan Vitaly was being held hostage by schismatics who took advantage of his failing health and used his name to produce a schism. They claimed that Metropolitan Vitaly's entourage forged his signature on epistles and documents. One of the churches which splintered from the ROCOR(V) is the Russian True Orthodox Church which was formed in 2002. 
In 2003 President Vladimir Putin of Russia met with Metropolitan Laurus in New York. Patriarch Alexy II of the ROC later hailed this event as an important step, saying that it showed the ROCOR that "not a fighter against God, but an Orthodox Christian is at the country's helm."
In May 2004, Metropolitan Laurus, the Primate of the ROCOR, visited Russia participating in several joint services. In June 2004, a contingent of ROCOR clergy met with Patriarch Alexey II. Both parties agreed to set up committees to begin dialogue towards rapprochement. Both sides set up joint commissions, and determined the range of issues to be discussed at the All-Diaspora Council, which met for the first time since 1974.
After a series of six reconciliation meetings, the ROCOR and the Patriarchate of Moscow, on June 21, 2005, simultaneously announced that rapprochement talks were leading toward the resumption of full relations between the ROCOR and the Patriarchate of Moscow. They said that the ROCOR would be given autonomous status. In this arrangement, the ROCOR was announced to 
"join the Moscow Patriarchate as a self-governed branch, similar to the Ukrainian Orthodox Church. It will retain its autonomy in terms of pastoral, educational, administrative, economic, property and secular issues."
On May 12, 2006, the general congress of the ROCOR confirmed its willingness to reunite with the Russian Orthodox Church. The latter hailed this resolution as:
"an important step toward restoring full unity between the Moscow Patriarchate and the part of the Russian emigration that was isolated from it as a result of the revolution, the civil war in Russia, and the ensuing impious persecution against the Orthodox Church."
On December 28, 2006, the leaders officially announced that the Act of Canonical Communion would be signed.  The signing took place on May 17, 2007, followed immediately by a full restoration of communion with the Moscow Patriarchate. It was celebrated by a Divine Liturgy at the Cathedral of Christ the Savior in Moscow, at which the Patriarch of Moscow and All Russia Alexius II and the First-Hierarch of ROCOR concelebrated for the first time in history.
Present at all of this was Russian President Vladimir Putin, who was thanked by Patriarch Alexey for helping to facilitate the reconciliation. Putin addressed the audience of Orthodox Christians, visitors, clergy, and press, saying, 
"The split in the church was caused by an extremely deep political split within Russian society itself. We have realized that national revival and development in Russia are impossible without reliance on the historical and spiritual experience of our people. We understand well, and value, the power of pastoral words which unite the people of Russia. That is why restoring the unity of the church serves our common goals."
The Hierarchs of the Russian Church Abroad served again with the Patriarch on 19 May, in the consecration of the Church of the New Martyrs in Butovo firing range. They had laid the cornerstone of the church in 2004 during their initial visit.
ROCOR oversees and owns properties of the Russian Ecclesiastical Mission in Jerusalem, which acts as caretaker to three holy sites in East Jerusalem and Palestine, all of which are monasteries.
The main source of income for the ROCOR central authority is lease of a part of the building that houses the headquarters of the ROCOR's Synod of Bishops situated at the intersection of East 93rd Street and Park Avenue to a private school, estimated in 2016 to generate about USD 500,000; the ROCOR was said not to make any monetary contributions towards the ROC's budget.
In 2011, the ROCOR declared all of its Western Rite parishes to be a "vicariate", parallel to the Antiochian Western Rite Vicariate, and established a website.
On 10 July 2013, an extraordinary session of the Synod of Bishops of ROCOR removed Bishop Jerome of Manhattan and Fr Anthony Bondi from their positions in the vicariate; ordered a halt to all ordinations and a review of those recently conferred by Bishop Jerome; and decreed preparations be made for the assimilation of existing Western Rite communities to mainstream ROCOR liturgical practice.
Another composer of Josquin's generation who was important in the development of the paraphrase mass was Pierre de La Rue.  Like Josquin, he began with the cantus firmus technique, and continued to use it for most of his life; but he began to elaborate the source material, eventually integrating it into multiple voices of a polyphonic texture where all the voices had equal weight.
Paraphrase masses were written relatively infrequently in England and Germany, especially after the Protestant Reformation.  Composers of masses in those regions developed styles independently, and in both areas tended to use variations of the cantus firmus technique.
Umberto was in the process of restoring Fiat's fortunes, following a period in which the company's balance sheet, market share and share value had all been in decline, when he suddenly died of lung cancer after barely 18 months in control. Despite this, Forbes magazine estimated he was the world's 68th richest man with an approximate net worth of US$5.5 billion. He was a member of the Steering Committee of the Bilderberg Group.
Agnelli was born in Lausanne, Switzerland, the youngest of seven children. His life was beset by an unusual amount of tragedy and bereavement. His father Edoardo Agnelli perished in an air crash when he was one year old, and his mother Virginia died in a car accident ten years later when he was just 11 years old.
In 1959 Agnelli married the heiress Donna Antonella Bechi Piaggio, from the well-known business-family of Piaggio. They had three sons but their first, twin boys, died shortly after birth. The third son, Giovanni Alberto Agnelli, grew up to be the head of the maternal family-firm Piaggio, and was being groomed to succeed at Fiat, but died of cancer at the age of 33 in 1997.
Umberto and Antonella Agnelli later divorced, and in 1974 Umberto married Donna Allegra Caracciolo di Castagneto. Allegra is the first cousin of Umberto's sister in law Marella Caracciolo di Castagneto, the wife of his brother Giovanni (Gianni). The ladies come from the old Neapolitan noble family that has, among other, the titles of nobility of Prince of Castagneto and Duke of Melito.
Umberto and Allegra had two children: Andrea (born 1975) and Anna (born 1977). Andrea later followed in his father's footsteps by becoming chairman of Juventus, in 2010.
This rail line will link cities of Nayagarh, Phulbani, Boudh and Sonepur with Bhubaneswar and Bolangir. Smaller towns like Daspalla, Banigochha and Mahipur will also be linked by this rail line. Work at Bolangir side of this project is completed up till Bichhupali and Bhainsapali.
This will connect Nayagarh, Phulbani, Boudh, Sonepur and Balangir which are economically backward districts in the state.
The 41.5-km railway line between Khurda Road and Rajsunakhala has already been commissioned and two pairs of trains are running along the stretch.
On 20 March 2017, Mr Suresh Prabhu flag off the extension of Khurda Road-Rajsunakhala passenger train up to newly built Bolagarh Road station.
 As of December 17th 2020, the location of Andong Station has changed from downtown (adjacent to the Nakdong River) to near the edge of town (next to Andong Bus Terminal).
This article about a railway station in South Korea is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Waldhauer was born on December 6, 1927, and grew up in Brooklyn, New York, United States. He received his bachelor's degree in electrical engineering from Cornell University and his master's degree in electrical engineering from Columbia University.
Much of Waldhauer's career was focused on telephony and digital transmission, including work on T1 carrier systems. From 1948 to 1956, he was at RCA. From 1956 to 1987, he was a member of technical staff at Bell Telephone Laboratories in Holmdel. He published numerous technical and scientific papers on feedback and high-speed digital transmission, as well as writing a book on feedback theory, and early transistor design. He holds more than 14 patents[citation needed].
Waldhauer became a Fellow of the IEEE in 1977, and was a longtime member of the Audio Engineering Society. In addition to his professional memberships, Mr Waldhauer was a professional engineer in the state of New Jersey and a patent attorney.
In Waldhauer's latter years, at Bell Laboratories, his efforts focused on advanced hearing aid design and technology.
After retiring from Bell Laboratories, Waldhauer continuing work on hearing aid designs at what became Resound (acquired in October 2006 by GN (Great Northern) corporation). Waldhauer's work on programmable multi-band compression at Bell Laboratories, and later at  Resound, represented a fundamental shift in hearing aid design that still exists today.
Lady Cecilia's first marriage was to Sir George Buggin, in May 1815. The marriage produced no children and Sir George died on 12 April 1825.
As the marriage was not considered lawful, Lady Cecilia could not take the style and title Her Royal Highness The Duchess of Sussex. Instead she assumed the name "Underwood", her mother's maiden name, by Royal Licence and was known as Lady Cecilia Underwood. The couple resided at the Duke's apartments in Kensington Palace.
The Duke of Sussex died in April 1843 at Kensington Palace and was buried at Kensal Green Cemetery. The Duchess of Inverness continued to reside at Kensington Palace until her death thirty years later in August 1873. She was buried next to her second husband.
In 1972, Bacht continued his studies at the University of Heidelberg. His main interests there were European as well as East Asian fine art and architecture, and his key academic teachers were Peter Anselm Riedl and Dietrich Seckel. His formative encounter with Fritz Wotruba, whose work he cataloged as a doctoral student, also occurred during this period and incited him to pursue studies in fine art at the University of Mainz from 1974 to 1979.
In 1973, Bacht married the judge Brigitte Holzinger from Freiburg, with whom he raised five children.
The building was constructed in 1892, and housed one of the best known Chinese charity medical centres in Singapore. Traditional Chinese doctors or sinsehs used to dispense free treatment and medicine to patients of all races in Singapore. Today, it is used as a commercial building for the Singapore office for Forever Living Products.
In 1867, two Chinese merchants got together to set up Singapore's first traditional Chinese medical institution for the poor. These compassionate men saw an urgent need for a charitable organisation that provided medical advice and assistance to those who could not afford to pay for it.
Thong Chai dispensed free medical consultation, treatment and herbal medicines to the poor, regardless of race or religion. Its sincere efforts were appreciated and recognised and more benefactors joined its ranks. They came from all Chinese communities: Cantonese, Hoklo (Hokkien), Teochew, Hainanese and Hakka.
Initially, Thong Chai operated out of a small rented shophouse on Upper Pickering Street, then known as Upper Macao Street. It was then called Tong Chay Ee Say. In 1892, it bought the building at 50 Eu Tong Sen Street, with which it has become most strongly associated, and changed its name to Thong Chai Medical Institution.
Thong Chai Medical Institution is now located in a ten-storey building in Chin Swee Road, carrying on the Thong Chai tradition much in the way of its predecessors. They celebrated 150 years of operations in 2017.
The late 1990s saw the building first becoming a nightclub and later a number of restaurants. In 2000, the building was acquired by Tung Lok Group and the building became a restaurant known as Jing. Not long after its opening, the group revamped its concept and named it Asian. Both restaurants proved to be unpopular, and it closed down in 2003 due to SARS outbreak. The building was unused for around two years and it was converted into its current use in 2005.
The building is currently owned by Forever Living Products Intl, a multi-level marketing company selling aloe vera products. The company bought the building from the government in 2005 for S$7 million. The furnishing and such cost the company an additional $3 million as they imported the antique furnitures from Malaysia and China.
The typically southern Chinese building on Eu Tong Sen Street comprises three main halls aligned on a central axis and separated by courtyards and an air well. The building was designed in a traditional Cantonese architectural style.
In keeping with the social principles of southern Chinese architecture, the importance of the halls in the hierarchy of the building is reflected in the height of their ceilings.
105 Mile Post 2 (2006 population 5) is an Indian reserve in the Thompson Country of the Interior of British Columbia, Canada, just west of the town of Ashcroft.  The reserve is administered by the Ashcroft Indian Band of the Nlaka'pamux people.
This Indian Reserve should not be confused with 105 Mile House, which is a locality near 100 Mile House farther north.
This article about a location in the Cariboo Regional District, Canada is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about an Indian reserve in British Columbia is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
On December 26, 2019, Disney and ACIR announced they were mutually ending their relationship, which had covered twelve Mexican cities. Ten of the twelve Radio Disney stations, including XHPQ, were transitioned to ACIR's replacement pop format, Match.
Year 1106 (MCVI) was a common year starting on Monday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.
Richard Holmes (born 7 November 1980) is a former footballer who played in The Football League for Notts County. He also had a loan spell at Hereford United in the Conference National. Holmes grew up in Bottesford, Leicestershire.
This biographical article related to association football in England, about a defender born in the 1980s, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Vivek Hallegere Murthy (born July 10, 1977) is an American physician and a vice admiral in the United States Public Health Service Commissioned Corps who has served as the 19th and 21st Surgeon General of the United States under President Obama and President Biden. Murthy is the first surgeon general of Indian descent, and, during his first term as surgeon general, he was the youngest active duty flag officer in federal uniformed service.
Murthy was born in Huddersfield, Yorkshire to immigrants from Karnataka, India. He is the grandson of the late H C Narayana Murthy, the former director of Mysore Sugar Company, and son of Florida-based Dr H N Lakshminarasimha Murthy and Myetraie Murthy. In 1978, the family crossed the Atlantic to Newfoundland, where his father worked as a district medical officer. When he was three years old, the family relocated to Miami, and his parents established their medical practice.
While a Harvard freshman in 1995, Murthy co-founded VISIONS Worldwide, which he led for eight years. The nonprofit organization focused on HIV/AIDS education in the U.S. and India. In 1997, he co-founded the Swasthya Community Health Partnership to train women as community health workers and educators in rural India.
Murthy completed his internal medicine residency at Brigham and Women's Hospital and Harvard Medical School. As an attending physician at Brigham and Women's Hospital, Murthy cared for thousands of patients while assisting in the education of hundreds of undergraduates, medical students, and residents.
In 2011, Murthy was appointed by Barack Obama to serve on the Presidential Advisory Council on Prevention, Health Promotion, and Integrative and Public Health within the Department of Health and Human Services. The group advises the National Prevention Council on developing strategies and partnerships to advance the nation's health through prevention. In 2012, Murthy worked as co-chair of Obama's health care advisory committee during his re-election campaign.
Murthy is also the co-founder and chairman of TrialNetworks, a cloud-based Clinical Trial Optimization System for pharmaceutical and biotechnology trials that improves the quality and efficiency of clinical trials to bring new drugs to market faster and more safely. He founded the company as Epernicus in 2008, originally, to be a collaborative networking web platform for scientists to boost research productivity.
In November 2013, Murthy was nominated by President Obama for the post of United States surgeon general. His nomination met resistance in the Senate by some Democrats, Republicans, and the National Rifle Association regarding previous comments Murthy made declaring gun violence as a threat to public health.
Before his Senate confirmation, Murthy disclosed a total of 1.7 million dollars in consulting for Netflix ($547,500), Airbnb ($410,000), Carnival Cruise Line ($400,000), Estee Lauder ($292,500). He also disclosed hundreds of thousands of dollars in speaking fees from dozens of organizations, for example "$30,000 from Duke University Kenan Institute for Ethics for a speech I gave in January 2021."
Murthy is married to Alice Chen, an internist who trained at Yale, Cornell and UCLA, and was the executive director of Doctors for America. They have two children.
South Sudan was set to compete at the 2015 World Championships in Athletics in Beijing, China, from 22 to 30 August 2015. However, their only athlete did not show up in Beijing.
World Wheelchair Rugby (WWR) is the international governing body for the sport of wheelchair rugby. 
WWR is a volunteer-run organization that supervises the international competitions and development of wheelchair rugby. 
It was created in 1993 as a sport section of the International Stoke Mandeville Wheelchair Sports Federation (ISMWSF). (The ISMWSF is known as the International Wheelchair and Amputee Sports Federation (IWAS) since 2005). WWR became an independent sport federation on 1 January 2010.
A Pretty Mess by This One Band is an EP by American indie rock band Grandaddy, released in April 1996 through record label Will. It includes several songs taken from the band's earlier cassette-only release Complex Party Come Along Theories.
Joe Palatsides (born 7 July 1965 in Melbourne, Australia) is a Greek Australian football (soccer) manager and ex-Defender. He is currently the technical director of the Football Association of Singapore.
At 29, and with a wealth of senior football experience in Australia behind him, he tried his luck abroad in the country of his origin, firstly with Apollon Kalamarias in the Greek Super League. where he scored 3 goals in 12 appearances.
On 2 May 2019, the Football Association of Singapore unveiled Joe Palatsides as its new technical director.
Yang was born in Anqiu, Shandong Province in March 1957. After graduating from high school, he participated in the Down to the Countryside Movement launched by Mao Zedong.  Yang was sent to Liaocheng, then he worked in Jinan Military Region as a factory worker for an air force production plant. After the resumption of National College Entrance Examination, he entered Southwest University of Political Science & Law, where he majored in criminal investigation.
In 1983, Yang was assigned to work at the Ministry of Public Security, where he served in a series of roles in the criminal investigation department. During this time he was sent to Harbin to serve as deputy police chief for a year, ostensibly to train him for larger assignments. In 1996, he was promoted to become the assistant of Minister of Public Security (department-level), a position he held until 2001.
On 14 October 2015, Yang became the director of State Administration of Work Safety, replacing Yang Dongliang, who was investigated for corruption.
Yang was an alternate member of the 17th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and a full member of the 18th Central Committee.
The U.S. state of Wyoming first required its residents to register their motor vehicles and display license plates in 1913. As of 2021[update], plates are issued and regulated by the Wyoming Department of Transportation through its Motor Vehicle Services division.
Wyoming state law usually requires front and rear license plates. However, on July 1, 2015, a new law took effect that allowed custom and antique vehicles to display only rear plates, as well as vehicles that were originally manufactured without a plate bracket on the front.
This is a list of electoral results for the Division of Angas in Australian federal elections from the division's creation in 1949 until its abolition in 1977.
This article about a South Korean institution of tertiary education is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Accreditation Commission on Colleges of Medicine (ACCM) is an international medical review and accreditation agency service for medical schools.
The National Committee on Foreign Medical Education and Accreditation (NCFMEA),   part of the United States Department of Education,  has listed ACCM as  "found to use standards to accredit their medical schools that are comparable to the standards used to accredit medical schools in the United States."
The ACCM works on behalf of the governments in relation to medical school standards in the following Caribbean countries and one middle Eastern country and according to its site there is only one ACCM accredited medical school in each of the countries:.
As of 2020, various schools (Aureus University School of Medicine in Aruba, Arabian Gulf University (AGU) in Bahrain and Jordan University of Science & Technology in Jordan) were pending onsite full accreditation inspection which would be schedule after travel restrictions associated with the COVID-19 global pandemic were removed.
This article about a university or other higher education institution is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Teaching and research are based on a law library with more than 200,000 documents, which receives subscriptions of several hundred legal periodicals from Quebec, Canada, and internationally.
The Laval Law School has educated many prominent Canadians. Many alumni have distinguished themselves in English and French Canada, most notably, in the fields of the civil service, politics, the judiciary, and business.
Numerous public figures, including Prime Ministers of Canada, Premiers of Quebec, Supreme Court Justices, federal Cabinet Ministers, Senators, and Lieutenant-Governors attended the Laval Faculty of Law.
Protoecotrausites is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil cephalopods, the ammonites. It lived during the Middle Jurassic.
The Porcupine Provincial Forest is a boreal forest that covers the Porcupine Hills on the border of Saskatchewan and Manitoba.
In 1930, the Saskatchewan Natural Resources Act was passed, which transferred control of Saskatchewan Forests (and other natural resources) from the Federal Government to the Saskatchewan Government. Once Saskatchewan officially received ownership of their natural resources, they created a Department of Natural Resources (DNR) to manage them. The rangers that had previously worked for the Dominion Forest Service now worked for the Saskatchewan DNR.
GAC began the construction of facilities to produce vehicles for a new own-brand automotive marque in 2008. The first Trumpchi model to go into production, the Trumpchi GA5 sedan, a four-door mid-size saloon car model based on the platform of the Alfa Romeo 166, went into mass production in September 2010. The first 500 Trumpchi sedans produced were delivered to the organizing committee of the 2010 Asian Games in October 2010.
The Trumpchi Sedan was formally unveiled to the public at Auto Guangzhou in December 2010, and public sales of the vehicles began in the same month. The Trumpchi GS5, a sport utility vehicle based on the same platform as the Trumpchi Sedan, was launched in March 2012.
The production version of the Trumpchi GA3 compact sedan was unveiled at the Shanghai Auto Show in April 2013.
In 2011, 17,000 Trumpchi vehicles were sold in China, the only market in which they were then available. A total of around 32,000 Trumpchi vehicles were sold in 2012.
In September 2012, GAC announced that exports of Trumpchi cars to markets including Eastern Europe, the Middle East, South America and Southeast Asia would begin in 2013.
This is a list of the 77 cases reported in volume 68 (1 Wall.) of United States Reports, decided by the Supreme Court of the United States from December 1863 to April 1864.
Starting with the 66th volume of U.S. Reports, the Reporter of Decisions of the Supreme Court of the United States was John William Wallace. Wallace was Reporter of Decisions from 1863 to 1874, covering volumes 68 through 90 of United States Reports which correspond to volumes 1 through 23 of his Wallace's Reports. As such, the dual form of citation to, for example, Gregg v. Von Phul is 68 U.S. (1 Wall.) 274 (1864).  
Wallace's Reports were the final nominative reports for the US Supreme Court; starting with volume 91, cases were identified simply as "(volume #) U.S. (page #) (year)".
When the cases in 68 U.S. (1 Wall.) were decided the Court comprised these ten members (this was due to the Tenth Circuit Act of 1863, expanding the Court's membership from nine to ten justices, to date the largest number of active justices in its history):
Sporadic political violence would evolve into outright urban warfare after a series of violent outbursts. The Henry rebellion, the Coral Gardens incident, the anti-Chinese riots of 1965, the state of emergency of 1966-67, and finally the Rodney riots. These events were the beginnings of an ethnic nationalist element to Jamaican politics and a further normalisation of political violence in general in Jamaican society
Political violence had become commonplace in Jamaica. Political parties began paying off crime bosses for local gang support. Assassination threats and attempts also starting becoming more frequent. By 1974 the PNP openly avowed their support for the principles of democratic socialism. PNP candidate Michael Manley began public praise of Fidel Castro. The JLP emerged as a right wing counter to this new emerging leftism. The Central Intelligence Agency began supplying weapons to JLP vigilantes.
After international pressure the Jamaican government agreed to arrest extradite famed gang leader Christopher Coke. Some in the Jamaican media speculated that the long time it took to arrest Coke came from Prime Minister Bruce Golding's political assistance he received from Coke. During the raids and attempts to arrest Coke violent gunfights would break out throughout Kingston by his allies to prevent his capture.
Despite many peace accords it is still common for political parties to pay off criminals for support and encourage paramilitary garrisons.
The comic strip was about a girl who looked and acted like a boy, hence the name.  The plots mainly centred on typical problems which young boys would possibly find themselves in, only the twist was that it centred on a girl and not a boy.
Christopher James Dijak (born April 23, 1987) is an American professional wrestler. He is currently signed to WWE, where he performs on the Raw brand under the ring name T-Bar (often stylised in all-caps as T-BAR).
On December 19 (aired January 13, 2016), he was banned from Truth Martini's stable, initially turning face in the process. At the February 27 ROH TV tapings, Dijak came out with Prince Nana and attacked Truth Martini, turning heel again and making a rare double-turn with Jay Lethal and becoming Prince Nana's latest crown jewel in the Embassy stable. Dijak announced his departure from ROH via Twitter on February 12, 2017.
In January 2017, WWE pulled a contract offer from Dijak, following a legal threat from ROH, who still had him under contract. The following month, Dijak opted not to re-sign with ROH, essentially putting his career on hold, waiting for another contract offer from WWE. On July 20, it was reported that Dijak was finishing up his independent bookings ahead of joining WWE. Dijak reported to the WWE Performance Center on August 21. His signing was announced by the company on September 5.
As part of the 2021 Draft, Mace was drafted to the SmackDown brand while T-Bar remained on the Raw brand, thus disbanding the team. On the October 25th episode of Raw, T-Bar got himself disqualified in a match against WWE United States Champion Damian Priest after throwing an office chair at the champion. On the November 1 episode of Raw, He lost to Priest in a no disqualification match in which Priest retained the US title.
Megachile paucipunctulata is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae. It was described by W. F. Kirby in 1900.
Atacira is a genus of moths of the family Euteliidae. The genus was described by Charles Swinhoe in 1900.
Rumas was appointed Prime Minister by Alexander Lukashenko on August 18, 2018. The decree had a clause on the subsequent approval of Rumas's appointment in the House of Representatives, but the Constitution prescribes an opposite procedure. According to Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty, his predecessor Andrey Kobyakov was appointed in the same way.
Rumas also heads the Football Federation of Belarus and the Organising Committee of the 2019 European Games in Minsk.
On 16 August 2020, an Instagram account belonging to Rumas issued a message of support to anti-Lukashenko protesters and asked for those responsible for abuse against protesters to be held to account. Rumas's wife also published a photograph of herself and Rumas on the roof of a building overlooking the protests, together with a message of support.
He is married with four sons, having been married since childhood. He is fond of hunting, fishing, and football.
This article about a Tamil-language film of the 1970s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Lucian Cojocaru (born 21 December 1952) is a Romanian former sports shooter. He competed in the skeet event at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
This biographical article relating to sport shooting in Romania is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Martin Falkeborn (born 8 January 1993) is a Swedish footballer who plays as a right back for IF Brommapojkarna.
This biographical article related to an association football defender from Sweden is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The association offers its members with the opportunity to participate in numerous academic competitions, professional development programs, athletic programs and legislative tracking services as well.
In addition to the opportunities to participate in academic competitions, professional development and athletics, the AISA also maintains an accreditation partnership with AdvancED and offers member schools the opportunity for dual accreditation through AISA & AdvancED. This partnership was formed in 2012 after the long history of accreditation being offered through the AISA.
Red Marauder and Smarty had the race to themselves for much of the second circuit before the former surged clear of his tired rival from two out to record a distance victory. It was the slowest time recorded for a Grand National for one hundred and eighteen years.
The Grand National win was a first for Sunderland-based horse owner Norman Mason who had entered Red Marauder in the previous year's race where he fell.
Trainer Richard Guest was also the jockey that day and was in possession of the retired horse until the latter's death at the age of 26 on 22 November 2016.
The London & South East Intermediate Cup involves a knock-out competition with 1st round, 2nd round, 3rd round, semi-finals and final.   The winners of the London & South East Intermediate Cup then go on to the national Intermediate Cup semi-finals where they face the winners of the South West Intermediate Cup.  There are 25 teams involved in the London & South East Intermediate Cup, all of which are 1st XV sides, coming from the following unions and level 7 leagues.
The winners of the London & South East Intermediate Cup final would advance to the national semi-finals.
The Midlands Intermediate Cup is a direct knockout cup with a 1st round, 2nd round, 3rd round, quarter-finals, semi-finals and final  The winner of the final goes forward to the National Intermediate Cup semi-finals where they face the winners of the Northern section. The competition involves 41 clubs from the following unions and level 7 leagues:
The winners of the Midlands Intermediate Cup would advance to the National Intermediate Cup semi-finals.
The winners of the Pool 1 (West) and Pool 2 (East) would meet in the Northern Intermediate Cup final.  The winners of this final would then advanced to the National Intermediate Cup semi-finals.
The South West Intermediate Cup involves 19 clubs (1st XV only) from the following unions and level 7 leagues:
9 clubs were involved in the Dorset & Wilts RFU Intermediate Cup qualification.  The winners would advanced to the Southern Counties semi-finals.
7 teams were involved in the Gloucestershire RFU Intermediate Cup qualification tournament.  The winners of the competition would go through to the South West Counties final.
The winners of the Dorset & Wilts Intermediate Cup would join representatives from the Berkshire, Buckinghamshire and Oxfordshire unions in the Southern Counties knock-out stage.  The winners would advance to play the South West Counties winners in the south-west regional final.
The winners of the Gloucestershire Intermediate Cup would meet the representatives from the Somerset RFU in the semi-final, while the representatives from the Cornwall RFU would face the representatives from the Devon RFU.  The winners would advance to play the Southern Counties winners in the south-west regional final.
The winners of the Southern Counties and South West Counties final would meet in the south-west regional final.  The winners of this final would then advanced to the national semi-finals.
The Midlands winners would face the North winners in the first semi-final, while the London & South East winners would face the South-West winners in the other, with the winners of each semi-final meeting in the Twickenham final.  Home advantage in the semi-finals will be decided by a draw.
Frederick Porter Hitz (born 14 October 1939) is an author and former Inspector General of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA).
Hitz entered the CIA in 1967 as an operations officer.  In 1973 Hitz was moved to the State Department, the Department of Defense, and Department of Energy, and then returned to the CIA in 1978.  President George H. W. Bush appointed Hitz the first statutory Inspector General of the CIA in 1990.
Hitz played a role in the investigation into  CIA involvement in Contra cocaine trafficking during the Reagan administration.
Hitz retired from the CIA in 1998 and took a position as Distinguished Practitioner in Residence in the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs at Princeton University.  He is also a lecturer at the University of Virginia School of Law, Frank Batten School of Leadership and Public Policy, and Politics Department, specializing in intelligence and anti-terrorism law.
This biography of a person who has held a non-elected position in the federal government of the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Lewis Llewelyn Dillwyn, uncle of the first Baronet, represented Swansea in Parliament from 1885 until his death in 1892.
USNS Titan (T-AGOS-15) was a Stalwart-class modified tactical auxiliary general ocean surveillance ship in service in the United States Navy from 1989 to 1993. From 1996 to 2014, she was in commission in the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) fleet as the oceanographic research ship NOAAS Ka'imimoana (R 333).
The U.S. Navy ordered Titan from VT Halter Marine, Inc., on June 30, 1986. VT Halter Marine laid her down at Moss Point, Mississippi, on October 30, 1986, launched her on June 18, 1988, and delivered her to the U.S. Navy on March 8, 1989.
On the day of her delivery, the U.S. Navy placed the ship in non-commissioned service in the Military Sealift Command as USNS Titan (T-AGOS-15). Like the other Stalwart-class ships, she was designed to collect underwater acoustical data in support of Cold War anti-submarine warfare operations against Soviet Navy submarines using Surveillance Towed Array Sensor System (SURTASS) sonar equipment. She operated with a mixed crew of U.S. Navy personnel and civilian merchant mariners.
After the Cold War ended with the collapse of the Soviet Union in late December 1991, the requirement for SURTASS collection declined. The Navy took Titan out of service on August 31, 1993 and struck her from the Naval Vessel Register and transferred to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) the same day.
The conversion of Titan into an oceanographic research ship began in May 1995 at the shipyard of Maritime Contractors, Inc., at Bellingham, Washington. Delivered to NOAA in April 1996 after completion of the conversion, the ship was commissioned into NOAA service as NOAAS Ka'imimoana (R 333) on April 25, 1996.
Ka'imimoana has berthing for 33 people in 21 single staterooms and six double staterooms providing her with the capacity to carry up to 12 scientists. She can seat 24 people at a time in two crew's mess rooms, eight in the forward room and 16 in the aft room. She has a medical treatment room with one bunk, overseen by a United States Public Health Service Health Programs Officer.
Ka'imimoana was home-ported at Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, and was the only NOAA ship dedicated solely to climate research. She supported NOAA's Tropical Atmosphere Ocean project, which is designed to improve understanding of the role of the tropical ocean in modifying the world's climate.
Synclera danalis is a moth in the family Crambidae found in Sri Lanka. It was described by George Hampson in 1893.
Uganik is a community in the Kodiak Island Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska. Other variations of the name that have been reported are Oohanick in 1805, Ooganok in the 1880 Census (population 73), and Uganak in the 1890 Census (population 31).
The community is served by the San Juan (Uganik) Seaplane Base, which has scheduled passenger service subsidized by the U.S. Essential Air Service program.
This article about a location in the Kodiak Island Borough, Alaska is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The ASSR did not exist in its original state very long. Already on 1 September 1921, Kabardin Okrug was split from the ASSR as separate Kabardin Autonomous Okrug, subordinated directly to the RSFSR. Next came Karachay Okrug, which was transformed into Karachay Autonomous Okrug on 12 January 1922; Balkar Okrug, which was transformed into Balkar Autonomous Okrug on 16 January 1922; and Chechen Okrug, which was transformed into the Chechen Autonomous Oblast on 30 November 1922.
By the Decree of the VTsIK of 7 July 1924, the remaining territory of the ASSR was partitioned into the North Ossetian Autonomous Oblast and the Ingush Autonomous Oblast. The Sunzha Cossack Okrug and the city of Vladikavkaz were directly subordinated to the VTsIK until 17 October 1924, when North Caucasus Krai was formed and integrated all of the former ASSR in addition to those two units.
Wild Opera is No-Man's third studio album which displays art rock, trip hop and dub influences that were developed from improvisatory writing sessions.
In 1996, No-Man announced their return on a new label, 3rd Stone Ltd., home of Spacemen 3 and Bark Psychosis. This was led by the Housewives Hooked on Heroin single (a Hot Press "Single of the Fortnight"), a taster for the Wild Opera album which followed that autumn.
Most of the album had emerged from a series of semi-spontaneous improvisations recorded over a few hours, rather than planned-out attempts at songwriting.[citation needed] The raw results of three such sessions appeared on the album.
One of the Wild Opera tracks -"Dry Cleaning Ray"- was released as a single in 1997. It also spawned the Dry Cleaning Ray mini-album. Dry Cleaning Ray presented reworked Wild Opera material, Gainsbourg covers, remixes (such as "Punished For Being Born", Muslimgauze's version of "Housewives Hooked on Heroin"), and instrumental moments. It also offered new songs such as "Sicknote."
This article about a location in Ritchie County, West Virginia is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Jacques Dietrichstein was an Austrian ice hockey player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1928 Winter Olympics.
This Austrian biographical article relating to ice hockey is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Forest Park is a suburb of Bracknell, in Berkshire, England. It and Crown Wood are in Crown Wood ward and named after the Crown Estate of Swinley Forest. It was built in the late 1980s as the town continued to expand.
Facilities include a shopping centre, community centre , The Woodcutters public house and a Tesco Express. Savernake Pond offers walking and a play area .
The first outing of the competition caused some newspapers to claim that "Nationalism marred contest" citing the fact that Quebec was painted on the backdrop to the competition deliberately separate from Canada and grouped with France. Despite this, there was noted by the same newspaper an impressive camaraderie amongst the athletes.
Babacar Niang (born March 31, 1991 in Montbrison, France) is a French basketball player who played for French Pro A league club Le Mans during the 2009-2010 season.
The Huis aan de Drie Grachten or Huis op de Drie Grachten ("House on Three Canals") is a 17th-century canal house in Amsterdam, at the southeastern end of the Wallen district. The name is a reference to the fact that the building faces three different Amsterdam canals. The south facade faces Grimburgwal, the west facade faces Oudezijds Voorburgwal and the east facade faces Oudezijds Achterburgwal. The address is Oudezijds Voorburgwal 249. 
The Huis aan de Drie Grachten is a double house in Dutch Renaissance style. A stepped gable crowns each of the three facades. The current structure dates to around 1610, although archeological study has shown that the oldest elements of the house date to the second quartile of the 16th century. The building has rijksmonument (national monument) status. 
There are two large 17th-century mantelplaces within the house. However, it is not known whether these were added during the 1909 renovations, or whether these are original elements of the house. 
The building remained in use as a bookstore until 2002.  The publishing house Uitgeverij Huis aan de Drie Grachten held office in the building for decades. The publisher focused mainly on literary and linguistic studies. Over Multatuli, a journal dedicated to the Dutch writer Multatuli, was also published here from 1978. 
Mwinilunga District is a district of Zambia, located in North-Western Province. The capital lies at Mwinilunga. As of the 2000 Zambian Census, the district had a population of 117,505 people.
Longview is an unincorporated historic community in Benton County, Washington, United States, located approximately three miles west of Umatilla, Oregon on the north bank of the Columbia River, just above Devil's Bend Rapids.
In October 1922, the developers of Longview in Cowlitz County, Washington petitioned the residences of Longview, Benton County to change the station name, freeing the name for their development in Cowlitz County. In exchange for a covered platform on which to drop the mail in a protected location, the residence agreed and the railroad chose the name Barger. Finally, on November 23, 1943, the station was renamed the original King until it closed in 1951.
This Benton County, Washington state location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The original Charter is still in the company's possession and is housed with the rest of its library and archive in the Guildhall Library. The company obtained a grant of arms from the College of Arms in January 1672. In 1766, the Court of Aldermen granted the Company its livery. The number of Liverymen was originally limited at sixty but has been increased in number over the years by approval of the City of London Corporation and currently stands at a maximum of three hundred.
The Clockmakers Company is formally affiliated with the Antiquarian Horological Society, the UCL Observatory, HMS Protector, the Royal Navy's Ice Patrol Ship. and HMS Archer, a P264 Class University Royal Naval Unit based in Edinburgh.
Datuk Rosni binti Sohar (born 1 February 1958) is a Malaysian politician and the Selangor State Assemblywoman representing Hulu Bernam.
It was shown that in non-local gravity, Schwarzschild singularities are stable to small perturbations. Further stability analysis of black holes was carried out by Myung and Park.
This biographical article related to association football in France, about a midfielder born in the 1980s, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Thompson opted to join the Sheffield-based jazz-funk aggregation Floy Joy in 1984 where she featured on one album and scored two minor hits with the soul ballad "Until You Come Back to Me" (#91 UK pop) and "Operator" (#86 UK pop). In 1987 she duetted with Aztec Camera's Roddy Frame on the song "One and One" from the album Love.
In 2018, Thompson recorded an album of Phyllis Dillon songs as a tribute to the late singer, set for release in 2019.
Thompson has worked as a session singer with Michael Jackson, Stevie Wonder, Natalie Cole, Pet Shop Boys, Robbie Williams, Boy George, Maxi Priest, Sting, Billy Ocean, Chaka Khan, Aswad and M People. Composer for documentaries Comedy Central US. Channel 4. Musical director/ composer Babymother the movie.[citation needed] She is also the co-founder (with Adebayo) of Colourtelly, Britain's first black interest internet TV station.
Muhammed K. Abubakar (born 19 October 1959) was appointed Nigerian Minister of Science and Technology on 6 April 2010, when acting president Goodluck Jonathan announced his new cabinet.
Abubakar was born on 19 October 1959 at Zuru in Kebbi State.  He studied biochemistry at Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria where he earned a B.Sc. in 1982 and an M.Sc. in 1989. In 1994 he earned a Ph.D. in biochemistry from the University of Essex in the United Kingdom.  He has held administrative positions in government, and teaching positions at Usmanu Danfodiyo University.
After being inaugurated as Minister of Science and Technology on 6 April 2010, Abubakar said that his ministry would be concerned about translating scientific ideas into production.
Dieter Annies (born December 1, 1942) is a German politician of the Free Democratic Party (FDP) and former member of the German Bundestag.
For the elections to the Volkskammer on 18 March 1990, he was placed third on the list of the electoral alliance Die Liberalen in his electoral district and moved into the Volkskammer as a member of parliament. On 28 September 1990, Annies was elected to the Bundestag by the Volkskammer of the GDR, where he remained as a member of parliament for the Free Democratic Party (FDP) until 20 December.
This biography article about a member of the German Free Democratic Party (FDP) is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This biographical article related to an Australian cricket person born in the 1870s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
David Kiselak (born 2 August 1988 in Slovenj Gradec) is a Slovenian football Defender who plays for NK Dravograd.
This biographical article relating to Slovenian association football is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Sannicandro has been called "a strong advocate for education funding and a strong voice for people with disabilities."
While serving as state representative, he earned an MPA from Harvard University's John F. Kennedy School of Government in 2011. He also earned a master's and a Ph.D. in social policy from Brandeis University's Heller School for Social Policy and Management in 2015 and 2016 respectively. His doctoral dissertation was called The Effect of Postsecondary Education on Employment and Income for Individuals with Intellectual Disabilities.
After leaving the House of Representatives, Sannicandro became director of the Institute of Community Inclusion at the University of Massachusetts Boston. He left that role in 2019 to become Director of the Massachusetts Association of Community Colleges, an advocacy organization on behalf of the fifteen public community colleges in Massachusetts, their Boards of Trustees, and the approximately 150,000 students enrolled in those community colleges.
Cheltenham station is a SEPTA Regional Rail station in Cheltenham, Pennsylvania. Located at Old Soldiers Road and Hasbrook Avenue, it serves the Fox Chase Line. The station has a 17-space parking lot. In FY 2013, Cheltenham station had a weekday average of 267 boardings and 392 alightings.
Cheltenham station serves the Burholme neighborhood of Northeast Philadelphia and the eastern part of Cheltenham Township.
In 1993, the original 100-year-old station was destroyed by fire in what was ruled by the police as an arson. The station was replaced with a trailer serving as the ticket office. A new station and high-level platforms were opened in October 2007.
 Below is a list of those who have held the office of Governor of Berwick-upon-Tweed, including the garrison at Holy Island (during English occupation of the Royal Burgh):
Marutha served as Grand Metropolitan of the East until his death on 2 May 649 (AG 960), and he was buried at the cathedral in the citadel of Tikrit. He was commemorated in a hagiography by his pupil and successor Denha I, and later also added to the calendar of saints of Jacob of Edessa and Saliba bar Khayrun.
A letter from Marutha to John, who succeeded Athanasius as patriarch of Antioch, is preserved in Michael the Syrian's Chronicle, in which he alleges the adoption of Nestorianism by the Church of the East and the dyophysite archbishop Barsauma's role in the persecution of miaphysites.
Dan Paul Benjamin (born October 26, 1972) is a software developer, user interface designer, writer, and podcaster. He is the founder of 5by5 and owner of Bacon Method.
In 2017, he released fireside.fm, a platform for podcasters. Benjamin holds a B.A. in Technical Writing with a Computer Science focus from the University of Central Florida.
This biographical article relating to a computer specialist in the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Aston Martin DP212 was a prototype sports car developed by Aston Martin for use in the 1962 24 Hours of Le Mans.
The car was built on the chassis of a DB4 GT, but featured a streamlined body specifically designed to handle the high speeds of Le Mans.  It also featured a 4.0-litre Inline-6-cylinder engine, based on the DB4 GT's 3.7-litre Tadek Marek unit. Following its participation at Le Mans, the car was slightly modified to feature a Kamm tail design, which would later be used on the Aston Martin DB6.
Aston Martin DP212 had many successful races during the 1970s in the hands of Mike Salmon. In 1973 the project car returned to motor racing and won twice at Silverstone, and once at Castle Combe, all with Salmon at the wheel. Salmon also won the Classic Car Championship in 1974; with five class wins, one overall win and two second places. In 1975 Mike Ottway acquired the car, however Mike Salmon still continued to race the car.
In 1981 Mike Salmon won first in class at Brands Hatch, a fifth place at Silverstone and a significant win, against an all Aston Martins field in Dubai again in 1981.
It is believed the registration (which it still holds today) of '212 DP' was acquired in the early 1990s. In 1995 DP212 appeared as a static exhibit at the Silverstone Coys meeting, with the car returning to the meeting in 1999 in the Pre '64 GT race. Where the car, driven by Mike Salmon and Gary Pearson, was in second place in 'Part 1' of the event. But during the first lap of 'Part 2', after taking the lead the car retired with Pearson at the wheel.
In 1997 Lord Downe entered DP212 in a Concours event at Pebble Beach, Concours d'Elegance in California.
In 1998 the car took part in the first R.A.C. TT Revival race at Goodwood, however it retired when in 2nd place. The car came back to the Goodwood TT Revival in 1999, with the car put on pole by Martin Brundle in a time of 1.27.635 (not bettered until 2006 after track had been resurfaced) but then crashed in practice by Pearson and therefore did not start (DNS). The crash heavily damaging the front end.
In 2002 its present owner Wolfgang Friedrichs bought the car. He continued the Goodwood Revival trend, competing in the R.A.C. TT event in 2002, finishing 12th, with drivers Friedrichs and David Clark. Friedrichs and Clark again competed in the same event in 2004, 2005 and 2006. Finishing, with one DNF (2004) and two 10th-place results in 2005 and 2006.
In 2013 the car, driven by Friedrichs and Simon Hadfield, finally finished 1st in the Revival TT race. Going at a blistering pace through the pack in the second, rain-soaked part of the race.
Although, being extremely valuable, the car has been the most actively campaigned of the original surviving 'project cars' in recent years.
Kane Tenace (born 4 July 1985) is an Australian rules footballer who played for the Geelong Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).
Tenace was selected with the 7th Pick in the 2003 AFL Draft by Geelong Football Club. He was recruited from the Murray Bushrangers in the TAC Cup.
Tenace debuted against Carlton in Round 2, 2004. His first season was fairly impressive, earning an AFL Rising Star nomination in Round 6, and winning Geelong's Best First Year Player Award.
In 2006, Tenace completed his third season at senior level and had a reasonable year. He played the first eight games, but managed only another six after injuring his knee and missing rounds nine to twelve. In Round 14, he had a career-high 21 disposals against Carlton.
Tenace began his fourth season in the AFL impressively, averaging just over 19 possessions a game, including a career-high 28 in Geelong's round eight win over Fremantle. However, he was struck down with hamstring problems in the second half of the season after playing his last senior game for the season in round 14. These injuries caused Tenace to miss playing in either of Geelong's winning AFL and VFL Premiership teams.
At the conclusion of the season, after attracting interest from several AFL clubs, Tenace agreed to a new two-year deal to remain at the club until at least the end of the 2009 season.
Tenace moved to Adelaide in 2010 to play for Glenelg in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL).  He performed well in his first season with Glenelg, finishing second in the club's fairest and best award. At the end of the 2013 season he moved back to Victoria to play for the St Mary's in the Geelong Football League.
This Australian rules football biography of a person born in the 1980s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Opened in 1979, the gallery has a permanent collection, part of which is exhibited at any one time, and also hosts special exhibitions.
This article related to art or architecture in Japan is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about a location in the municipality of Srebrenica, Republika Srpska is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Augusta Township was one of the seven original townships of Northumberland County, Pennsylvania in the United States. It was formed in 1772 and ceased to exist on April 13, 1846 when it was divided into Upper Augusta and Lower Augusta townships .
Rohde was rated as a master at thirteen. He gained the International Master title in 1976, followed by that of Grandmaster in 1988. At one point, he was ranked as high as 59th in the world.
In 1975 he was the National Scholastic Chess Champions Junior High School Champion, and the following year he was the High School Champion. He won first place in the U.S. Open in 1991 as well as several other titles. He wrote the "Game of the Month" column for Chess Life from 1991 to 2006.
This biographical article relating to an American chess figure is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Operation Khukri was a multinational operation launched in the United Nations Assistance Mission in Sierra Leone (UNAMSIL), involving India, Ghana, Britain and Nigeria. The aim of the operation was to break the two-month-long siege laid by armed cadres of the Revolutionary United Front (RUF) around two companies of 5/8th Gorkha Rifles Infantry Battalion Group of Indian army at Kailahun by effecting a fighting breakout and redeploying them with the main battalion at Daru.
The Indian 5/8th Gorkha Rifles, 14th Mechanised Infantry and elements of the 23rd Mechanised Infantry, together designated as INDBATT-1, had been sent to Sierra Leone to aid the Government in the disarmament of the RUF rebels. Two rifle companies had been kept as a Quick Reaction Force. Elements of the 9th Para (SF), were also included.
The RUF rebels had six brigades, one of which were deployed in the sector. This brigade consisted of four main battalions, and one Strike Battalion. They were armed with AK-47s, RPGs, APCs, and SAMs. Each battalion was deployed in a particular area:
Phase I of the operation was the buildup of forces. Between 13th and 15th, the UNAMSIL forces were assembled at Daru and Kenewa. The IAF and RAF Aviation units were critical in the buildup, especially at Daru, since the area was cut off from the rest of the UN controlled areas. By midnight, 14 July, the buildup was complete.
The units at Kailahun were informed of the plan, and constantly kept in touch with the HQ through satellite phones. The operational plans were conveyed in Malayalam to overcome RUF monitoring of communications. Since the operation required insertion by helicopters, the two companies at Kailahun were required to fall back 500 metres from the town itself, and secure two helipads.
The use of SAS-supplied phosphorus grenades by 2 Para (SF) quickly laid waste the camp and denied any UN stores and supplies that would be left behind while the INDBATT companies conducted the breakout from falling into RUF hands.
At approximately 10:20, nearly four hours ahead of schedule, 2 para (SF) affected a linkage with the 18th Grenadiers at Giehun (1807), which had landed there at around 10:00. The force commander landed at Geihun to congratulate the SF team commander for an excellent operation.
After the airlift, the column reorganised and advanced towards Pendembu. They were faced with two major roadblocks along the road, the first was an 8-foot-deep ditch, and the second, a 4-foot-deep one, each covered by troops with small arms and RPGs. Continuous sniping and slushy roads hampered the progress, but the column secured the area, and using bridging stores carried in the column and dropped by the MI-8s, the units crossed the bridges, and continued on their way.
At 06:20, after the extraction of personnel at Kailahun, the INDBATT-2, INDMECH QRC (Mech-2 Company), and the rest of the 5/8th Gorkha Rifles (Mot-2 Company) at Daru, commenced their operations. The 18th Grenadiers, alongside Infantry Fighting Vehicles from the Mech-2, and aided by artillery bombardment, secured a firm base along the road.
The column continued to move towards Area-3 bridges, suppressing enemy fire with their IFVs, while 9th Para, part of the battalion's QRC, was airlifted from Daru in 3 MI-8s, and secured the bridges in Area 3. Maintaining momentum, the column met up with the QRC forces near the bridges at 1230 hours, and continued onwards to Pendembu.
At 1430 hours, near Bewabu, the leading IFVs came across a ditch, covered by heavy small arms fire from higher ground on both sides. The Commanding Officer realised that his troops were in the kill zone. He immediately sent 4 Rifle Platoon to engage the enemy targets. The firefight continued for fifteen minutes, and the MI-35 strafed enemies on both sides of the road. 6 Platoon and INDENG units bridged the gap, and the column immediately set off.
The convoy continued the rest of the way uneventfully. By 1730 hours, all the units had safely reached Daru.
The operation was a complete success. All the besieged forces were evacuated successfully, with one casualty.
Operation Khukri was not a success simply in tactical terms. It was the worst defeat that the RUF has suffered in recent times, and was a tremendous boost to UNAMSIL morale. The Indian Forces were met with a rapturous welcome, as they marched triumphantly into Daru. The people of Sierra Leone helped build the Khukri War Memorial on the bank of the River Moa.
Red Chillies Entertainment, Dharma Productions, Azure Entertainment, and Flying Unicorn Entertainment are making a film based on Operation Khukri. Film will have Shah Rukh Khan, Ayushmann Khurrana, and Rajkummar Rao in lead roles.
Tripura Industrial Development Corporation or TIDC is a state Industrial Development Corporation in the state of Tripura, India.
The Tripura Industrial Development Corporation Limited (TIDC) was established in 1974 as a Private Limited Company under the company's act 1956. On top of that, provisions of State Financial Corporations Act 1951 have been extended to TIDC as well. This leads to TIDC performing the twin role of the State Industrial Development Corporation and State Financial Corporation. TIDC is a profit making PSU. 
Hodge is an unincorporated community in the Mojave Desert, within San Bernardino County, California, United States.
The settlement was named after ranch owners Gilbert and Robert Hodge.  Hodge was a railroad station, supplying water from wells into the usually subterranean Mojave River. It was a desert stop on U.S. Route 66 between Barstow and Victorville.
The 74th Massachusetts General Court, consisting of the Massachusetts Senate and the Massachusetts House of Representatives, met in 1853 during the governorship of John H. Clifford. Charles Henry Warren served as president of the Senate and George Bliss served as speaker of the House.
The men's road race at the 1993 UCI Road World Championships was the 60th edition of the event. The race took place on Sunday 29 August 1993 in Oslo, Norway. The race was won by Lance Armstrong of the United States.
XHMTLA-FM is a public radio station on 98.3 FM, owned by the municipality of Tlatlaya, State of Mexico. The station broadcasts from studios and a transmitter located at the municipal government building.
XHMTLA-FM's concession was awarded in 2018. The station officially came on the air December 1 after testing for nearly two months.
This article about a radio station in the State of Mexico is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
In September Shin along with bandmate Lee Min-woo performed at the West Bank Music Festival in Shanghai from September 30 to October 2, as K-Pop representatives along with other international artists such as Michael Bolton in front of an audience of 100,000 people.
The Chain of Rocks Lock is operated by the St. Louis District of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. Locks No. 27 are the southernmost locks on the Mississippi River and they are the only Locks south of the confluence of the Mississippi River and Missouri River. As such, the Locks move more cargo than any other navigation structure on the Mississippi River.
This biographical article related to a Brazilian association football midfielder born in the 1970s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Jamshed Ismailov (born 12 January 1987) is a Tajikistani footballer who currently plays for Regar-TadAZ Tursunzoda. He is a member of the Tajikistan national football team in the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification campaign.
This biographical article related to Tajikistani association football is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Psammophory is a method by which certain plants armor themselves with sand on their body parts making chances less for them to be eaten by animals.  Over 200 species of plants hailing from 88 genera in 34 families have been identified as psammorphorous.
The term was first proposed in 1989 by scientists studying the habits of the beetle Georissus which actively covers its elytra with sand or mud particles.
Richardson sailed from Glasgow to Manila in 1837 to join the firm Paterson & Co.  They subsequently became McEwen & Co. and moved to Singapore and Java in 1851
In 1853, Richardson relocated with his firm back to the United Kingdom.  He became a director of the Borneo Company on its formation in 1856, progressing to Chairman from 1871 until his death in 1896.
Caldecote is a village and civil parish in Cambridgeshire, in the district of South Cambridgeshire, England. It lies south of the A428, approximately six miles west of Cambridge and three miles east of Cambourne.
Nearby settlements are Hardwick and Toft to the east, Bourn to the west, Childerley to the north and Kingston to the south. Bourn Airfield lies on the north-west edge of the village.
The older part of the village lies to the south, just off the B1046 road and is mentioned in the Domesday Book of 1086. The parish church, St. Michael and All Angels, parts of which date to the 14th century, is in this part of the village. Bourn Brook and the route of the former Oxford and Cambridge Railway run to the south of the village.
Highfields Caldecote is a newer development in the north of the village. The A428 was converted to a dual carriageway and was opened in 2007, allowing easier access.
The development in Highfields led to a rapid increase in the population of Caldecote from an estimated 800 in 2001 to 1,737 in 2011. It now proudly boasts a  hairdressers, named Caldecutz, and a Social Club.
The village was home to the headquarters[citation needed] of the Raspberry Pi Foundation, a charity known worldwide for developing the Raspberry Pi computer system.
This biographical article related to Judo in Canada is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This biographical article relating to Japanese athletics is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
He also received the French Community of Belgium quinquennial prize of literature for (culmination of work), and Tristan Tzara prize for scraping wings.
Bob Strait (born April 12, 1949) is an American stock car racing driver. He was one of the pioneer NASCAR SuperTruck Series drivers. He has sixteen ARCA victories.
This biographical article related to United States auto racing is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Cyprus participated in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2008 as host country. Elena Mannouri and Charis Savva represented the country with the song "Gioupi gia!".
The final was held on 28 June 2008, hosted by Christiana Stavrou and Kiriakos Pastides. The winner was chosen by a combination of votes from a professional jury (40%) and public televoting (60%).
Camay Calloway was born to Cab Calloway and Zelma Proctor at Harlem Hospital in New York on January 15, 1927. Her teenaged parents were not married, they met while attending high school in Baltimore, Maryland. The pregnancy was kept a secret and Proctor was sent to New York to give birth. After staying with some relatives for a while, she returned to Baltimore.
In 1968, she became the supervisor of Arlington Public Schools for a decade. In 1978, she became principal at Ashlawn Elementary School where she remained until her retirement in 1993. During her tenure as principal, she opened a black heritage museum at Ashlawn, and the school was recognized as a National Blue Ribbon School.
In 1994, Murphy relocated to Baltimore to work as a cultural development consultant at Coppin State University. Her father died later that year and Murphy paid tribute to him by founding the Cab Calloway Jazz Institute and Museum at Coppin State University which promotes music education. She was also the chairman of Baltimore's Eubie Blake National Jazz Institute and Cultural Center. In 1999, she was appointed as commissioner of Baltimore City Public Schools' Board of Education.
In 2008, 8.79 hectares (21.7 acres) of vineyard surface was in production within the AOC, and 274 hectoliter of wine was produced, corresponding to somewhat over 36,000 bottles.
The main grape variety for Mazis-Chambertin is pinot noir. The AOC regulations also allow up to 15 per cent total of Chardonnay, Pinot blanc and Pinot gris as accessory grapes, but this is practically never used for any Burgundy Grand Cru vineyard. The allowed base yield is 37 hectoliter per hectare, a minimum planting density of 9,000 vines per hectare is required as well as a minimum grape maturity of 11.5 per cent potential alcohol.
Baseball PEI is the provincial governing body for baseball in Prince Edward Island. It is a member of Baseball Canada and Baseball Atlantic.
Due to Baseball PEI's efforts at the grassroots level, and its dedication to improving the skills and enjoyment of its members, it has been named Baseball Canada's "Province of the Year" in 2013 (in which it shared with Baseball Ontario) and in 2015.
Baseball PEI is a non-profit organization that continuously enables the development of baseball skills and knowledge among youth across Prince Edward Island.
Baseball PEI has a Board of Directors that makes rules, policies and procedures concerning the managing of affairs, discipline, and operation of Baseball PEI teams, associations and competitions. The Board of Directors of Baseball PEI is as follows: 
Each association is a member of one of four "AAA" zones across Prince Edward Island (each zone must have at least one "AAA" team in each age division each season).
Other grassroots programs offered by Baseball PEI are the Winterball program (in partnership with schools across Prince Edward Island to distribute and implement over the past 10 years) and the Challenger program (in partnership with the Stratford Minor Baseball Association; this program is designed for players with a physical and/or mental disability).
She is married to Eduardo Blaquier and has three children. Her daughter, Delfina Blaquier, was a competitive track & field athlete.
Marcus Edwin Gwyn (born November 4, 1977) is an American former professional baseball relief pitcher.
After being drafted by the Oakland Athletics in the 2000 Major League Baseball draft, Gwyn made his major league debut on July 29, 2007, for the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim. On January 4, 2008, he signed a minor league deal with the Florida Marlins, but was released on July 25, 2008, after spending the entire year with Triple-A Albuquerque. On July 29, he signed a contract with the Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles of the Nippon Professional Baseball(NPB).
This biographical article relating to an American baseball pitcher born in the 1970s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This Caldwell County, Kentucky state location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Parnassius jacquemontii, the keeled Apollo, is a high altitude butterfly which is found in India and Pakistan. It is a member of the snow Apollo genus (Parnassius) of the swallowtail family (Papilionidae). It is also fairly common at high altitudes from Chitral to Kumaon.
Female. Similar, generally darker with the irroration of black scales more dense; the crimson spots are often larger and more brilliant. Anal pouch after fertilization "ovally scoop-shaped in front, convex beneath," furnished with a sharp high carina posteriorly.
North-eastern Afghanistan, Indus Valley (Pakistan) and (Jammu & Kashmir), Tajikistan (Pamirs), Uzbekistan, South West China and Szechwan.
It was produced by Robert Bruning an actor who had produced several TV series. He wanted to move into TV movie production and succeeded in selling Paradise to Channel Nine, who were considering making it a 26-episode series. According to the Sydney Morning Herald the network hoped the film "to be a slick, glossy offering along the lines of Banacek."
This article related to an Australian made-for-TV movie is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
In 2013, Azar teamed up with and posed in an ad campaign for PETA, speaking out against animal cruelty in circuses and bullfights and asking fans to never attend either.
Arafat remains a controversial figure. Palestinians generally view him as a martyr who symbolized the national aspirations of his people. Israelis regarded him as a terrorist. Palestinian rivals, including Islamists and several PLO leftists, frequently denounced him as corrupt or too submissive in his concessions to the Israeli government.
In 1944, Arafat enrolled in the University of King Fuad I and graduated in 1950. At university, he engaged Jews in discussion and read publications by Theodor Herzl and other prominent Zionists. By 1946 he was an Arab nationalist and began procuring weapons to be smuggled into the former British Mandate of Palestine, for use by irregulars in the Arab Higher Committee and the Army of the Holy War militias.
Arafat's full name was Mohammed Abdel Rahman Abdel Raouf Arafat al-Qudwa al-Husseini. Mohammed Abdel Rahman was his first name, Abdel Raouf was his father's name and Arafat his grandfather's. Al-Qudwa was the name of his tribe and al-Husseini was that of the clan to which the al-Qudwas belonged. The al-Husseini clan was based in Gaza and is not related to the well-known al-Husayni clan of Jerusalem.
Fatah dedicated itself to the liberation of Palestine by an armed struggle carried out by Palestinians themselves. This differed from other Palestinian political and guerrilla organizations, most of which firmly believed in a united Arab response. Arafat's organization never embraced the ideologies of the major Arab governments of the time, in contrast to other Palestinian factions, which often became satellites of nations such as Egypt, Iraq, Saudi Arabia, Syria and others.
On 13 November 1966, Israel launched a major raid against the Jordanian administered West Bank town of as-Samu, in response to a Fatah-implemented roadside bomb attack which had killed three members of the Israeli security forces near the southern Green Line border. In the resulting skirmish, scores of Jordanian security forces were killed and 125 homes razed. This raid was one of several factors that led to the 1967 Six-Day War.
At the same time, Nasser contacted Arafat through the former's adviser Mohammed Heikal and Arafat was declared by Nasser to be the "leader of the Palestinians." In December 1967 Ahmad Shukeiri resigned his post as PLO Chairman. Yahya Hammuda took his place and invited Arafat to join the organization. Fatah was allocated 33 of 105 seats of the PLO Executive Committee while 57 seats were left for several other guerrilla factions.
When the Palestinian National Council (PNC) convened in Cairo on 3 February 1969, Yahya Hammuda stepped down from his chairmanship of the PLO. Arafat was elected chairman on 4 February. He became Commander-in-Chief of the Palestinian Revolutionary Forces two years later, and in 1973, became the head of the PLO's political department.
Because of Lebanon's weak central government, the PLO was able to operate virtually as an independent state. During this time in the 1970s, numerous leftist PLO groups took up arms against Israel, carrying out attacks against civilians as well as military targets within Israel and outside of it.
In addition, some circles within the US State Department viewed Arafat as an able diplomat and negotiator who could get support from many Arab governments at once. An example of that, we find in March 1973 that Arafat tried to arrange for a meeting between the President of Iraq and the Emir of Kuwait in order to resolve their disputes.
Following recognition, Arafat established relationships with a variety of world leaders, including Saddam Hussein and Idi Amin. Arafat was Amin's best man at his wedding in Uganda in 1975.
Arafat returned to Lebanon a year after his eviction from Beirut, this time establishing himself in the northern Lebanese city of Tripoli. This time Arafat was expelled by a fellow Palestinian working under Hafez al-Assad. Arafat did not return to Lebanon after his second expulsion, though many Fatah fighters did.
Arafat and Fatah's center for operations was based in Tunis, the capital of Tunisia, until 1993. In 1985 Arafat narrowly survived an Israeli assassination attempt when Israeli Air Force F-15s bombed his Tunis headquarters as part of Operation Wooden Leg, leaving 73 people dead; Arafat had gone out jogging that morning.
During the 1980s, Arafat received financial assistance from Libya, Iraq and Saudi Arabia, which allowed him to reconstruct the badly damaged PLO. This was particularly useful during the First Intifada in December 1987, which began as an uprising of Palestinians against the Israeli occupation of the West Bank and Gaza Strip. The word Intifada in Arabic is literally translated as "tremor"; however, it is generally defined as an uprising or revolt.
In mid-1996, Benjamin Netanyahu was elected Prime Minister of Israel. Palestinian-Israeli relations grew even more hostile as a result of continued conflict. Despite the Israel-PLO accord, Netanyahu opposed the idea of Palestinian statehood. In 1998, US President Bill Clinton persuaded the two leaders to meet. The resulting Wye River Memorandum detailed the steps to be taken by the Israeli government and PNA to complete the peace process.
Arafat's ability to adapt to new tactical and political situations was perhaps tested by the rise of the Hamas and PIJ organizations, Islamist groups espousing rejectionist policies with Israel. These groups often bombed non-military targets, such as malls and movie theaters, to increase the psychological damage and civilian casualties. In the 1990s, these groups seemed to threaten Arafat's capacity to hold together a unified nationalist organization with a goal of statehood.
An attack carried out by Hamas militants in March 2002 killed 29 Israeli civilians celebrating Passover, including many senior citizens. In response, Israel launched Operation Defensive Shield, a major military offensive into major West Bank cities. Mahmoud al-Zahar, a Hamas leader in Gaza, stated in September 2010 that Arafat had instructed Hamas to launch what he termed "military operations" against Israel in 2000 when Arafat felt that negotiations with Israel would not succeed.
Under the Oslo Peace Accords, Israel undertook to deposit the VAT tax receipts on goods purchased by Palestinians into the Palestinian treasury. Until 2000, these monies were transferred directly to Arafat's personal accounts at Bank Leumi, in Tel Aviv. 
Numerous theories have circulated regarding Arafat's death, with the most prominent being poisoning (possibly by polonium) and AIDS-related illnesses, as well as liver disease or a platelet disorder.
On 27 November 2012, three teams of international investigators, a French, a Swiss, and a Russian team, collected samples from Arafat's body and the surrounding soil in the mausoleum in Ramallah, to carry out an investigation independently from each other.
The Ducal Palace or Palazzo Ducale of Atina is a 14th-century gothic-style, government palace in Piazza Saturno, in the center of the town of Atina, province of Rieti, region of Lazio, Italy.  
The tall facade has three mullioned windows and above three oval rose windows. The main portal has a pointed Gothic arch. Above the entrance is an Ancient Roman spolia, poorly conserved, of a low relief depicting a votive offering, dating to the first Imperial period. To the right of the portal is an Ancient Roman statue, presumably of a high ranking official, but nicknamed Pasquino. Flanking the facade are two medieval rectangular towers.  
The palace now serves as the Town Hall, the Register Office, and a display on the archeology of the region.
This is a list of television shows,  movies and video games that were either filmed, or set, in the U.S. state of West Virginia
Worrell is a Senior Research Associate at University College London, having joined the university in May 2003. Worrell worked as the Finds Liaison Officer for Hampshire for the Portable Antiquities Scheme before taking up the role of National Finds Adviser (Prehistoric, Iron Age, and Roman Artefacts) there. Whilst working as FLO for Hampshire she appeared in an episode of Time Team.
Since 2003 she has contributed to the annual reporting of Romano-British metal detected finds to the journal Britannia.
In 1939, at the outbreak of the Second World War, he joined the army. While in military service, he sent radio scripts to the British Forces Network in London, which resulted in him being recruited by the variety department. He soon became a producer for the Network. By the end of the war, he had risen to the rank of major. He left the army in 1947.
Returning to civilian life, Colehan moved into working for the BBC. He first came to prominence in 1948 as the producer responsible for the radio quiz programme Have A Go, hosted by Wilfred Pickles. The programme was recorded on location at community centres and town halls across the UK. Colehan would personally hand the prize money to the winning contestant, in response to the audience cry of "Give him (or her) the money, Barney!"
As a light entertainment producer Colehan produced the first programme when television arrived in the North of England in 1951. One of his early successes was Top Town, a talent show pitting contestants from neighbouring towns against each other.
Colehan was also involved in other major television successes. Colehan had the idea in 1963 of making a TV version of Jimmy Savile's popular Radio Luxembourg show Teen and Twenty Disc Club. He produced the pilot which later became Top of the Pops. In August 1966, Colehan brought It's a Knockout to the screen which ran for 16 years under his watch.
In 1981, he was made a Member of the Order of the British Empire for services to entertainment. The following year, he was awarded the British Academy of Composers & Songwriters Gold Badge for lasting contribution to the UK's entertainment industry.
He retired from the BBC in 1983, after the last broadcast of The Good Old Days. In 1985, he directed a television special for Channel 4 entitled Don't Say Goodbye, Miss Ragtime!, which featured various performances of ragtime music on a riverboat.
Barney suffered a stroke whilst playing golf (Otley), his favourite pastime, and died on 21 September 1991 in hospital at Rawdon, near Leeds.
Colehan was married to Monica, they had two children Margaret and Eileen. Although Colehan travelled extensively, he never lived outside of Yorkshire. Barney was a member at Otley Golf Club
With the help of her devoted manager and girlfriend, Vaggie (Monica Franco), and their reluctant first patron, pornographic film actor Angel Dust (Michael Kovach), she's determined to make her dream become a reality. But when her proposal on live television goes awry, her plan attracts the attention of the powerful "Radio Demon" Alastor (Edward Bosco) who, despite finding her belief in redemption laughable, wants to help Charlie run the hotel for his own amusement.
In July 2020, a webcomic titled "Dirty Healings" that showed how Angel Dust came to know the hotel was completed, containing twenty-two pages and hosted on the official website. Another comic titled "A Day in the Afterlife" which focused on Alastor's daily life in Hell was uploaded to the website on October 19, 2020, containing sixteen pages.
On August 7, 2020, A24 picked up Hazbin Hotel for the production of a TV series.[c] In January 2021, in a white paper about the increase in adult animation, John Evershed, founder of Mondo Media, described the series as a rare exception to shows on YouTube that are picked up by companies as a "long form TV series." He argued that the show generated enough attention and views to interest A24 in producing the show as a TV series.
The Springfield Armory SAINT[a] is a series of AR-15 style semi-automatic firearms manufactured by Springfield Armory, Inc. Introduced in November 2016, the series includes rifles, short-barreled rifles (SBRs), and pistols. Variants are marketed under the SAINT, SAINT Victor, and SAINT Edge brand names. The series is primarily chambered for 5.56 NATO, while some models are also available in .308 Winchester or .300 Blackout.
The SAINT Edge variant was introduced in mid-November 2017, featuring a modular trigger system, mid-sized charging handle, and muzzle brake. A year later, a pistol version of the Edge was added. Two additional Edge pistols with different braces were announced in January 2020.
The mid-range SAINT Victor variant, in rifle, pistol, and short-barreled rifle offerings, was announced in January 2019. Models chambered for .308 Winchester were later announced; rifle in April 2019, and pistol in January 2020.
In February 2019, Springfield Armory contrasted the SAINT, SAINT Victor, and SAINT Edge rifle offerings as follows:
The Scottish Greyhound Derby is an original classic greyhound competition held at Shawfield Stadium.
Held at Carntyne Stadium from 1928 to 1968, after the closure of Carntyne the race appeared at Shawfield from 1970 until 1985.
In 1988 the Greyhound Racing Association (GRA), moved the race to Powderhall Stadium in Edinburgh because they had the rights to the event and wanted it to take place at one of their tracks. After just two years it returned to Glasgow and Shawfield following the sale of Powderhall by the GRA.
He was born Francis Factor in St. Louis, Missouri, the son of Max Factor, a Polish-Jewish businessman and cosmetics pioneer. Known as "Frank," his family moved to Los Angeles, California, in 1908 where he began working in the family business while still a boy.
After his father's death in 1938, Frank Factor legally changed his name to Max Factor Jr. and as president expanded the still private cosmetics firm, along with members of the immediate family. He was heavily involved with the development of new products, particularly "Tru-Color" released in 1940 as the first smear-proof lipstick.
Forest Park is an unincorporated community in Otsego Township, Steuben County, in the U.S. state of Indiana.
The landforms of Earth are generally divided into physiographic divisions, consisting of physiographic provinces, which in turn consist of physiographic sections, though some others use different terminology, such as realms, regions and subregions. Some areas have further categorized their respective areas into more detailed subsections.
West Kilimanjaro Airstrip (ICAO: HTWK) is an airstrip in the Kilimanjaro Region of Tanzania. It is near Kilimanjaro National Park.
Got Your Back (2011) is Pour Habit's second full-length album released through Fat Wreck Chords in 2011.
This article about a punk rock album from the 2010s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This biographical article related to a football defender from Saudi Arabia is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Boston Sand and Gravel is a supplier of ready-to-pour concrete, concrete blocks, sand, and crushed stone, with operations and subsidiaries around eastern Massachusetts and New Hampshire in the United States.
The Charlestown, Massachusetts, plant is a highly visible landmark for commuters on the north side of Boston, because it is located between the Central Artery North (part of Interstate 93) and the MBTA Commuter Rail tracks just north of North Station.  Its tower directly abuts the new Leverett Connector, and the ramps connecting the Zakim Bridge with the Tobin Bridge completely surround the plant, which supplied concrete for the Big Dig project which constructed them.
The company was founded in 1914, and was originally located where the CambridgeSide Galleria is now. The spot was convenient to the Charles River because materials were originally sourced from dredging. Later, the company began obtaining raw material from quarries in Ossipee, New Hampshire, and Hooksett, New Hampshire.
Boston Sand and Gravel owns railroad track from Ossipee to Rollinsford, New Hampshire, through its railroad subsidiary, the New Hampshire Northcoast Corporation. The location of its plant along the government-owned tracks in Charlestown provides easy access for its gravel trains, through an agreement to use the freight trackage rights kept by Pan Am Railways. It also owns a terminal in Everett, Massachusetts, for shipping of aggregate materials by ship, railroad, and truck.
As of 2016, the company's other subsidiaries are Manchester Sand and Gravel, Ossipee Aggregates, Rosenfeld Concrete, Southeastern Concrete, and Lawrence Ready Mix.
As of December 2019, CAU offers 66 undergraduate majors and over 32 masters and 21 doctoral programs. There are around 12,000 undergraduate and 8,900 graduate students. Among them, 508 students are international. Its gymnasium hosted the wrestling events during the 2008 Summer Olympics. 
CAU is a Chinese Ministry of Education Class A Double First Class University, and is designated as part of both Project 985, to create world class universities in China, and Project 211, to raise the research standards of universities.
In 1995, Beijing Agricultural University and Beijing Agricultural Engineering University merged as China Agricultural University (CAU). Since then, the university became the top academic institution in China in terms of agricultural studies.
China Agricultural University has played a key part in the reintroduction of rugby union into modern China and its subsequent growth.
Rugby re-emerged in the PRC in 1990, with a club formed at Beijing Agricultural University. A professor there, Chao Xihuang was introduced to the sport by a Japanese businessman, and set up a couple of sides.
4 subjects are listed in world top 1% of ESI (Essential Science Indictors based on the ISI Web of Knowledge) 
6 academic disciplines listed as number one among 700 Chinese universities according to the Ministry of Education
4th of total number of number one disciplines among 700 Chinese universities (Ministry of Education)
5th of the total number of National Significant Scientific Progress Awards given by the State Council
This biographical article relating to Uzbekistani sport is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Mezquita de Jarque is a municipality located in the province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 123 inhabitants.
This article about a location in the Province of Teruel is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Voice of the Whirlwind is a 1987 cyberpunk science fiction novel by American writer Walter Jon Williams.
In those fifteen years, the entire world has changed. An alien race known as The Powers has established relations with humanity. The Orbital Policorp, which held his allegiance, has collapsed. He fought and survived the off-world Artifacts War, but dozens of his friends did not. Both his first and second wives have divorced him. Further, someone has murdered him, causing the activation of the beta back-up. Now Steward has to figure out who wanted him dead, if he does not want to die again.
See guidelines for writing about novels. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.
Movimiento Nacional (English: National Movement) was the name given to a governing institution established by General Francisco Franco during the Spanish Civil war in 1937. During Francoist rule in Spain, it purported to be the only channel of participation in Spanish public life. It responded to a doctrine of corporatism in which only so-called "natural entities" could express themselves: families, municipalities and unions. It was abolished in 1977.
The National Movement was led by Francisco Franco, titled Jefe del Movimiento (English: Chief of the Movement), assisted by a "Minister-Secretary General of the Movement". The hierarchy extended itself to all of the country, with a "local chief of the movement" named in each village.
Franco held his power by balancing these internal rivalries, cautious not to show any favoritism to any of them nor compromise himself too much to anyone.
Patrick Kevin Francis Michael Nevin (born 6 September 1963) is a Scottish retired footballer. In a 20-year career, he played for Clyde, Chelsea, Everton, Tranmere Rovers, Kilmarnock and Motherwell as a winger. He won 28 caps for Scotland, scattered across a ten-year international career, and was selected for the UEFA Euro 1992 finals squad. Since retiring as a player, Nevin has worked as a chief executive of Motherwell and as a football writer and broadcaster.
Nevin trained with Celtic as a youngster, but was rejected for being too small. He was signed by Clyde in 1981. In his first season, the club were promoted as Scottish Second Division champions; Nevin scored 14 goals in 30 starts and was voted SPFA Second Division Player of the Year. He scored six goals in 44 starts in his second season with the club.
Howard Kendall returned to the club as manager in November 1990; he and Nevin openly disagreed with each other, which reduced Nevin's playing opportunities, as did the arrival of new wingers Robert Warzycha and Mark Ward.
Nevin was unfortunate to arrive at Everton just after one of the finest spells in their history, when they had collected two league titles, an FA Cup and the European Cup Winners' Cup. In contrast, Nevin's four seasons at the club saw a runners-up medal in the FA Cup (1989) being the closest he came to being part of a trophy winning side, and they never finished higher than sixth in the league (1990).
In 1997, Nevin returned to Scotland and played for Kilmarnock and later Motherwell before retiring in 2000.
In 1982 while playing for Clyde, he travelled to Finland to play for the Scotland U18 team at the UEFA European Youth Championship and was named player of the tournament after helping Scotland win it. The following year, he starred for the Scotland U20 team that reached the quarter-finals of the FIFA World Youth Championship.
Nevin won 28 caps for the Scottish national side, making his debut against Romania in 1986. He scored five goals in a ten-year international career and played at Euro 92, but was not selected in the final squads for the 1986 or 1990 World Cups. He made his final appearance for Scotland in 1996 but did not appear at the Euro 96 finals.
After retiring as a player, Nevin became chief executive of Motherwell. He resigned in April 2002, after Motherwell chairman John Boyle put the club into administration due to financial problems.
He has an arts degree from Glasgow Caledonian University. His interest in literature, the arts, and his musical taste distinguishes him from many of his peers. He preferred The Fall and Joy Division to Phil Collins or Lionel Richie. He was interviewed by music magazine NME and was a guest music presenter on Radio City during his Everton and Tranmere career.
The Book of Us: Entropy is the third Korean-language studio album by South Korean band Day6. It was released by JYP Entertainment on October 22, 2019. The lead single "Sweet Chaos" was released the same day. The album debuted at number four on the Gaon Album Chart.
Chad Austin Gallagher (born May 30, 1969) is a retired American professional basketball player who played in the National Basketball Association (NBA) and other leagues. A 6'10" center played collegiately at Creighton University from 1987 to 1991, and was selected with the fifth pick in the 2nd round of the 1991 NBA draft by the Phoenix Suns.
Gallagher's NBA career consisted of 2 games for the Utah Jazz in February, 1994, playing 3 total minutes and scoring 6 points on 3-of-3 field goals.
This biographical article relating to a United States basketball player, coach, or other figure born in the 1960s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Burns is a city in Marion County, Kansas, United States.  The city name came from a nearby train station, which was named prior to the city being incorporated.  As of the 2020 census, the population of the city was 234.  It is located between El Dorado and Florence along the west side of U.S. Route 77 highway.  The south edge of the city is the border of Marion and Butler counties.
For many millennia, the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Native Americans.  From the 16th century to 18th century, the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America.  In 1762, after the French and Indian War, France secretly ceded New France to Spain, per the Treaty of Fontainebleau.
In 1802, Spain returned most of the land to France.  In 1803, most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase for 2.83 cents per acre.
In 1854, the Kansas Territory was organized, then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state.  In 1855, Marion County was established within the Kansas Territory, which included the land for modern day Burns.
At the present location, a city named St. Francis was platted in August 1880. When the town incorporated, they discovered the official city name of St. Francis was already taken, so they changed the name to be the same as the nearby Burns train station, then soon afterward the station was moved into the new city. The original station was named after a railroad company official.
In 2010, the Keystone-Cushing Pipeline (Phase II) was constructed 6.5 miles west of Burns, north to south through Marion County, with much controversy over road damage, tax exemption, and environmental concerns (if a leak ever occurs).  A pumping station named Burns was built 2 miles north of Potwin.
As of the census of 2010, there were 228 people, 93 households, and 59 families residing in the city. The population density was 651.4 inhabitants per square mile (251.5/km2). There were 112 housing units at an average density of 320.0 per square mile (123.6/km2). The racial makeup of the city was 96.9% White, 1.3% African American, 0.4% Native American, 0.4% Pacific Islander, and 0.9% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.9% of the population.
There were 93 households, of which 29.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.6% were married couples living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.6% were non-families. 32.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 3.14.
The median age in the city was 38 years. 25% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.2% were from 25 to 44; 27.1% were from 45 to 64; and 15.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.9% male and 46.1% female.
As of the census of 2000, there were 268 people, 101 households, and 79 families residing in the city. The population density was 755.6 people per square mile (295.6/km2). There were 116 housing units at an average density of 327.1 per square mile (128.0/km2). The racial makeup of the city was 98.51% White, 0.75% African American and 0.75% Native American.
There were 101 households, out of which 36.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.4% were married couples living together, 10.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.8% were non-families. 17.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.65 and the average family size was 2.94.
In the city, the population was spread out, with 29.1% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 29.5% from 25 to 44, 17.5% from 45 to 64, and 15.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.1 males.
As of 2000 the median income for a household in the city was $33,500, and the median income for a family was $39,000. Males had a median income of $22,143 versus $21,250 for females. The per capita income for the city was $11,990. About 7.5% of families and 11.9% of the population were below the poverty line, including 15.8% of those under the age of eighteen and 9.8% of those 65 or over.
The city is served by the Burns Public Library at 104 North Washington Avenue. The library is a member of the North Central Kansas Libraries System.
Burns is served by numerous radio stations of the Wichita-Hutchinson listening market area, and satellite radio.  See Media in Wichita, Kansas.
Burns is served by over-the-air ATSC digital TV of the Wichita-Hutchinson viewing market area, cable TV by Allegiance Communications, and satellite TV.  See Media in Wichita, Kansas.
U.S. 77 highway runs north-south on the east side of Burns, and follows roughly parallel to the old railway.
James (or Jacob)  Uriell (died 1423) was an Irish landowner and  judge who held office  very briefly as Chief Baron of the Irish Exchequer.
He was born in County Dublin, the  son of Thomas Uriell, a  landowner. The Uriells were an Anglo-Norman  family who  originally settled in County Louth and are thought to have taken their surname from the Kingdom of Oriel.
Permit mail is anything sent through the postal service where postage is paid by a post office issued permit.  No postage stamp is affixed to letters sent by permit mail.
The post office will bill the sender based on the number of items sent, their weight, etc.[citation needed]
3 Bats Live is a music DVD by rock singer Meat Loaf. Recorded on March 18, 2007 at London, Ontario during his "Seize the Night" tour, it mainly features songs from the Bat Out of Hell trilogy. The DVD was released in the UK on October 15, 2007, and in the UK on November 20, 2007.
Extra features include the videos for "It's All Coming Back to Me Now" and "Cry Over Me", both directed by P. R. Brown. It also contains the "Monster Is Loose Animated Short Film" and "Making the Monster: Making of Bat Out of Hell III", that were included on the CD+DVD UK edition of the Bat III album. A second disc contains a ninety-minute retrospective documentary called Meat Loaf: In Search of Paradise, about preparations for the tour and its first leg.
A Limited Collectors "deluxe edition" box was also released, which includes a replica tour programme, tour poster, bat shaped sticker and guitar pick.
A Blu-ray edition was released in the United Kingdom on November 11, 2008 by Mercury UK and is also available as an import in the United States. No official US Blu-ray release has been set at this time by Hip-O or Mercury.
He was replaced by Hori Naoyori and the domain was increased to a 100,000 koku nominal kokudaka, although the actual revenues of the domain were closer to 170,000 koku. Under the Hori clan, the castle town was developed and expanded, and new industries were promoted. In 1642, his grandson, Hori Naosada died at age 7 without heir, and the domain came under attainder. The Hori clan survived through a cadet line at Muramatsu Domain. 
As with most domains in the han system, Murakami Domain consisted of several discontinuous territories calculated to provide the assigned kokudaka, based on periodic cadastral surveys and projected agricultural yields.
In November 2014, Universal Pictures chairwoman Donna Langley told The Hollywood Reporter that there would be at least three more films in the franchise after Furious 7. In April 2015, Vin Diesel stated that the possible sequel that "Paul Walker used to say that [an eighth film] was guaranteed. And in some ways, when your brother guarantees something, you sometimes feel like you have to make sure it comes to pass."
Diesel further hinted at an eighth film on Jimmy Kimmel Live! when he stated that Kurt Russell's character would span multiple films. He also stated that the next film would take place in New York City. Chris Morgan returned to write his sixth script in the franchise, while Neal H. Moritz returned to produce. Moritz later stated, "[The story] is going to have to be something enticing for all of us. It has to be as good as or better [than Furious 7]".
Brian Tyler, who scored the third, fourth, fifth, and seventh installments, was tapped to compose the film score for the eighth picture. A soundtrack album by Atlantic Records was released on April 14, 2017, coinciding with the film's US theatrical release. The film's score album was released on April 27, by Back Lot Music.
The Fate of the Furious had its world premiere in Berlin on April 4, 2017. The film was theatrically released in the United States on April 14. The film was released in 1,074 IMAX screens around the world, making it the widest opening in IMAX history.
The Fate of the Furious was released on Ultra HD Blu-ray, Blu-ray and DVD on July 11, 2017 by Universal Pictures Home Entertainment.
The sequel, titled F9, is directed by Justin Lin, written by Daniel Casey, and was released on June 25, 2021.
Reiner Stach (born 1951) is a German author, biographer of Franz Kafka, publisher, and publicist. Stach lives and works as a freelancer in Berlin.
While Kafka had a relatively small literary output, his influence is so immense that Stach estimates there are at least 130,000 web sites devoted to him. Stach stopped his own internet count of Kafka sites when he got to 500 of them. There are dozens of Kafka biographies. Stach decided to write a detailed Kafka biographical trilogy because despite all this, "No definitive biography of Franz Kafka exists".
The grey goshawk (Accipiter novaehollandiae) is a strongly built, medium-sized bird of prey in the family Accipitridae. The white morph of this species is known as the white goshawk.
The grey morph has a pale grey head and back, dark wingtips, barred grey breast and tail, and white underparts. The white morph is the only bird of prey in the world to be entirely white.[citation needed]
The grey goshawk is found along the coasts of northern, eastern and south-eastern Australia, Tasmania and rarely Western Australia. The variable goshawk was previously considered a subspecies.
Hunting is often done by stealth, but grey goshawks are willing to pursue their prey before catching it with their talons.
The female is usually responsible for incubating the eggs and feeding the young. The male does most of the hunting.
Kinetic military action is a euphemism for military action involving active warfare, including lethal force. The phrase is used to contrast between conventional military force and "soft" force, including diplomacy, sanctions and cyber warfare. "Kinetic" was used as a retronymic euphemism for military action in Bush at War, a 2002 book by Bob Woodward. United States Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld used the words "kinetic" and "non-kinetic" often.
 "Kinetic military action" was used by White House aide Ben Rhodes on March 23, 2011 to describe U.S. military action in Libya:
I think what we are doing is enforcing a resolution that has a very clear set of goals, which is protecting the Libyan people, averting a humanitarian crisis, and setting up a no-fly zone... Obviously that involves kinetic military action, particularly on the front end.
This use was noted by news media: "'Kinetic military action' is still hell" and "Kinetic Military Action No More".
U.S. Department of Defense used "kinetic operations" on a webpage about "Operation Inherent Resolve". It contained an interactive graphic titled "AIRSTRIKES IN IRAQ AND SYRIA" and captioned "... operations related to ISIL since kinetic operations started on Aug. 8, 2014 ...".
On February 11, 2015, President Obama used "kinetic strike" in a letter to Congress. He wanted, among other things, Congress to "authorize the use of U.S. forces [against ISIL] in ... [ground] missions to enable kinetic strikes". The phrase was not used in the draft resolution proposed to Congress.
Tolevamer is a medication developed to combat Clostridium difficile associated diarrhea. It is a potassium sodium polystyrene sulfonate. It was never marketed.
Tolevamer was designed to bind the enterotoxins of Clostridium difficile. Since it has no antibiotic properties, it does not harm the gut flora. Early studies used the sodium salt, but it was soon replaced with the potassium sodium salt to prevent hypokalaemia, which is often associated with diarrhea.
Euxoa enixa is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in the western Tien-Shan mountains, Fergana, Togus-Torau, Issyk-Kul, the Alexander Mountains and Aschabad.
This is a list of the mammal species recorded in the Falkland Islands. There are 28 mammal species in and around the Falkland Islands, of which two are endangered and two are vulnerable. The Falkland Island wolf is the only species on the islands which has gone extinct.
The following tags are used to highlight each species' conservation status as assessed by the International Union for Conservation of Nature:
Some species were assessed using an earlier set of criteria. Species assessed using this system have the following instead of near threatened and least concern categories:
The bats' most distinguishing feature is that their forelimbs are developed as wings, making them the only mammals capable of flight. Bat species account for about 20% of all mammals.
The order Cetacea includes whales, dolphins and porpoises. They are the mammals most fully adapted to aquatic life with a spindle-shaped nearly hairless body, protected by a thick layer of blubber, and forelimbs and tail modified to provide propulsion underwater.
There are over 260 species of carnivorans, the majority of which feed primarily on meat. They have a characteristic skull shape and dentition.
The even-toed ungulates are ungulates whose weight is borne about equally by the third and fourth toes, rather than mostly or entirely by the third as in perissodactyls. There are about 220 artiodactyl species, including many that are of great economic importance to humans.
A long-time member of the Italian Socialist Party (PSI), he joined the Labour Federation (FL) in 1994 and the Democrats of the Left (DS) in 1998.
He was deputy from 1992 to 2001 and served as the President of Calabria from 1987 to 1992. In 2006, he was elected mayor of Catanzaro.
This article about a Democratic Party (Italy) politician is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Belmont Township is one of twenty-six townships in Iroquois County, Illinois, United States. As of the 2010 census, its population was 2,610 and it contained 1,188 housing units.
Rowlatts Hill (also known as Rowlatts Hill Estate, or R.H.E.) is an eastern, residential suburb of the English city of Leicester. It contains mostly council-owned housing.
The suburb is roughly bordered by Spencefield Lane to the east and Whitehall Road to the south, which separates it from neighbouring Evington. A second boundary within the estate consists of Coleman Road to Ambassador Road through to Green Lane Road; Rowlatts Hill borders Crown Hills to the west. To the north, at the bottom of Rowlatts Hill is Humberstone Park which is located within Green Lane Road, Ambassador Road and also leads on to Uppingham Road (the A47), which is also Rowlatts Hill.
The Leicester General hospital is located near Goodwood on Coleman Road which is south of Uppingham Road (the A47).
"Breaking the Law" is a song by English heavy metal band Judas Priest, originally released on their 1980 album British Steel. The song is one of the band's better known singles, and is readily recognized by its opening guitar riff.
The song features some sound effects, including the sound of breaking glass and a police siren. The band were recording British Steel at Tittenhurst Park, which was the home of the Beatles's drummer Ringo Starr. For the breaking glass effect, the band used milk bottles that a milkman brought them in the morning, and the police siren was actually guitarist K. K. Downing using the tremolo arm on his Stratocaster.
Halford later said, "It was a time in the U.K. when there was a lot of strife-a lot of government strife, the miners were on strike, the car unions were on strike, there were street riots. It was a terrible time. That was the incentive for me to write a lyric to try to connect with that feeling that was out there."
Downing later said, "I have to chuckle to myself really about how they got us to do whatever it was we were doing. But we were young and it was exciting and we were making probably the first ever heavy metal conceptual video. It reminds us that however big and powerful we were, we still did everything that people wanted us to do..."
"Metal Gods" is a song by Judas Priest from their album British Steel. The song was also released as the B-side to the song "Breaking the Law".
"The Queen Bee" is a science fiction short story by Randall Garrett. First published in Astounding Science Fiction in December 1958, it has drawn harsh criticism in the following decades, with Michael Dirda of the Washington Post noting that it is "often regarded as the most sexist short story in the history of science fiction".
The cemetery contains a field of honour administered by the Commonwealth War Graves Commission where 154 First World War casualties and 3 Second World War casualties are buried. The field of honour also includes several of the city's Boer War veterans and is the location of a Cross of Sacrifice, 25 of which are in Canada.
At the south end of the cemetery is a potter's field where an estimated 1,000 poor and homeless residents were buried, as well as several executed criminals.
This article about a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Jennifer is a feminine given name, the Cornish form of Guinevere, adopted into the English language during the 20th century.
Kevin Bridgens (born 21 December 1961) is a South African cricketer. He played in 44 first-class and 46 List A matches for Boland and Western Province from 1986/87 to 1992/93.
This biographical article related to a South African cricket person born in the 1960s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Skyborg: Into the Vortex was a CD-ROM science fiction computer game released in 1995 by the trading card company SkyBox International, Inc. and created by American studio Fringe Multimedia.
It was based on Creators Edition Master Series a set of trading cards by various artists created especially for the game, which were released simultaneously with the game. Each copy of the game came with a random pack of the cards. Card artists included: Dave Dorman, Julie Bell (wife of Boris Vallejo), Brom, and Brian Stelfreeze. Some cards in the SkyBox Master Series: Creators Edition contain a code that can be used to complete Skyborg's mission.
Players assume the role of Skyborg, a cyborg in the year 2025, on a dangerously overpopulated Earth low on food. Dr. Sinclair Barton has created a torus-shaped pocket universe to alleviate this problem. You must enter this universe and travel from planet to planet gathering clues to figure out what has gone wrong and where Dr. Barton is.
The game's lead designer was Carl Schnurr.  Eric Garrison, Director of Online Services, for SkyBox was Technical Director.  This game was the brain child of George White, Mark Davidson, Eric Garrison and Rick Ferguson of SkyBox who wanted to combine a CD Rom interactive game with Trading Cards.
Next Generation reviewed the PC version of the game, rating it one star out of five, and stated that "Even though the game looks great, it moved about a quick as a pregnant whale, and after a few hours going around in circles, it's not going to hold much interest."
The Federation of European Laboratory Animal Science Associations is a pan-European stakeholder organisation, representing common interests in the furtherance of laboratory animal science in Europe and beyond. The organisation was founded in 1978 and is an umbrella organisation for European national or multinational associations.
As of May 2020[update], the federation consisted of 22 member associations, representing 29 countries.
This article about the Municipality of Pivka in Slovenia is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Lutheran High School Association of Greater Detroit, or simply Lutheran High School Association, is an association of several Lutheran high schools in Metro Detroit, Michigan.  It has a unified standards-based curriculum.  Currently its component high schools are Lutheran High School North, Lutheran High School Westland, and Lutheran High School Northwest. The Lutheran High School Association administrative office relocated to an addition at Lutheran Northwest in 2006.
OK Go is the debut studio album by American rock band OK Go. It was released in September 2002. The cover was created by designer Stefan Sagmeister.
The album debuted at number 107 on Billboard 200, and number one on Billboard Top Heatseekers Chart.
 All lyrics are written by Damian Kulash Jr., except track 9 by Tim Nordwind; all music is composed by Damian Kulash Jr., except where noted.
"Get Over It" was featured on the soundtrack of the video games Triple Play Baseball 2002 and Madden NFL 2003. "Don't Ask Me" was featured on the soundtrack of the video game MVP Baseball 2003, trailers for Just Friends and Good Luck Chuck (and also "You're So Damn Hot"), and the movie Catch That Kid. "You're So Damn Hot" was used on an episode of The O.C.. It also appeared in a television commercial advertising campaign for Payless Shoes in 2006, and in ads for ABC's television show Castle.
St James' Presbyterian Church (also known as Welsh Congregational Church) was a church in The Haymarket, St James, Bristol, England.
The church was built in 1859. It was destroyed during The Blitz in World War II. In around 1953, St James's Presbyterian in Romney Avenue, Lockleaze was built.
In 1897, the church hosted a synod of the Presbyterian Church of England in order to commemorate Rev. William C. Burns becoming the church's first missionary to China when he arrived there in 1847. The moderator of the synod was Rev. H. L. Mackenzie, who spoke at length about his experiences over nearly four decades at the Presbyterian Church of England's Swatow Mission in China.
The remains of the Victorian-era St James' Church are just south of the current Bristol coach station. The church was bombed in the evening of 24 November 1940 and partly restored as a chapel in 1957. The tower still remains but the nave has been converted to offices.
Fairhope Township is a township in Somerset County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 137 at the 2000 census. It is part of the Johnstown, Pennsylvania, Metropolitan Statistical Area.
The age distribution was 19.7% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 25.5% from 25 to 44, 26.3% from 45 to 64, and 20.4% 65 or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females there were 124.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 120.0 males.
The median household income was $28,958 and the median family income was $29,688. Males had a median income of $31,667 versus $14,250 for females. The per capita income for the township was $13,087. There were 7.7% of families and 11.4% of the population living below the poverty line, including 14.7% of under eighteens and 16.0% of those over 64.
Spawn is a fictional character appearing in a monthly comic book of the same name published by American company Image Comics, as well as in a number of films, television series, and video game adaptations set in the Image Universe. Created by Todd McFarlane, the character first appeared in Spawn #1 (May 1992).
Todd McFarlane began drawing as a hobby at an early age, and created the character Spawn when he was 16, spending "countless hours" perfecting the appearance of each component of the character's visual design.
The first issue of Spawn was very popular with sales of 1.7 million copies. During Spawn's second year of publication, Wizard noted that "The top dog at Image is undoubtedly Todd McFarlane's Spawn, which, without the added marketing push of fancy covers, polybagged issues, or card inserts has become the best-selling comic on a consistent basis that is currently being published." Sales slumped around the time of Spawn #25, but by Spawn #45 it was again a consistently strong seller.
Spawn began a resurgence in popularity as the title approached its 300th issue, with the title once again becoming a fixture in Diamond's Top 100. This 300th issue also made Spawn the longest-running independent comic book series of all time.
In his early battles, Spawn faces street thugs and gangs, becoming a dark, sadistic antihero, and brutally murders the pedophile and child murderer Billy Kincaid. Spawn gains the attention of police detectives Sam Burke and Twitch Williams, and becomes "King of Rat City", a gathering of alleys populated by the city's homeless. There he meets Cogliostro, who seems to know much about Spawn and becomes his mentor.
Spawn is hunted by the warrior angel Angela, who hunts Hellspawns for sport, and battles the cyborg mob enforcer Overt-Kill. He also fights the angelic warrior Anti-Spawn, also known as the Redeemer, who is really Jason Wynn.
After a confrontation with the Redeemer, Spawn's suit becomes more advanced, with a new cape and chains that can shapeshift to confuse his opponents. Spawn's boots and gloves are replaced with spikes. Since the metamorphosis, the suit will feed off souls.
Spawn wears a living symbiotic costume, Leetha of the 7th House of K (also known as K7-Leetha). While wearing it, the host assumes a dominant role over his suit. His shroud, spikes, chains and skulls are all part of an organism bonded to his central nervous system that will protect Spawn even if he is unconscious.
As Spawn struggles to find a way to regain control, he notices that the attacks are coming from both Heaven and Hell. Due to increasing attacks, Spawn began to lose himself to evil but the Heap, an emissary of the Greenworld, arrives and Spawn is able to regain his goal. Greenworld, a dimension whose power was equal to both Heaven and Hell, gives new powers to Spawn to better understand the world and its people. These powers seem to give control of all of the elements in the world.
Spawn is later attacked by Urizen. After recovering, Spawn learns the Greenworld has imbued him with a gift, which he uses to contain Urizen by splitting the ground and imprisoning him inside the earth.
After his battle, Spawn learns Malebolgia had caused Urizen's release in an attempt to start Armageddon and conquer the forces of Heaven. Spawn and Angela then journey to Hell to stop him. During the battle, Angela mortally wounds Malebolgia, who kills her in retaliation. Consumed with anger, Spawn takes Malebolgia's head.
On Earth, Spawn meets a young Wiccan named Nyx, with whose help he regains his suit. Mammon tricks and betrays Nyx, usurping her control over Spawn's union with his suit and removing all of Spawn's memories. With no memory, Spawn wanders the Earth. He releases a group of angels called the Forgotten and stays neutral in the war between Heaven and Hell. He discovers Mammon is a member of the Fallen who was sent to Hell.
When Spawn's heart falls to the Greenworld, a soul is freed. Chris meets with his mother and travels to Hell along with Sam Burke and Twitch Williams to rescue Spawn from Mammon. Spawn escapes and returns to Earth, where signs of Armageddon begin to appear, and looks for a way to stop it. Spawn discovers Wanda's twin children are responsible. He stops them from killing their entire family but cannot destroy them. Zera reveals  Jake is God and Katie is Satan.
Spawn finds out the Mother removed their powers and positions and sent them to Earth due to their hatred of each other and constant fighting. She tells him he cannot stop Armageddon but he has the potential to gain the power of a god and preserve the human race.
Spawn returns to Earth, which has been destroyed by Four Horsemen and angels and demons are waiting to fight their final battle. After defeating Zera, Spawn finds dead warriors of Heaven, one of whom is Granny Blake, who is betrayed by her faith. Spawn battles the forces of Satan and God, and destroys the forces of Heaven, Hell and humanity. He is then killed by the two, who then fight alone on Earth.
Zera reappears as a head in a jar. Spawn is summoned by a voodoo priestess named Mambo Suzanne. Zera attempts to take over Nyx's body and fights Spawn but she is killed when Suzanne throws Zera's head into the street. Nyx is freed and she and Spawn becomes friends again.
Ab and Zab create a hell where visitors are forced to view their deepest fears, which are eaten by demons called sin eaters. When Spawn confronts Ab and Zab, is faced with his own sin against Wanda and his unborn child. Spawn cannot break free from the guilt and is parasitized by a sin eater. When Nyx interferes, he breaks the sin eater's illusion. Spawn breaks all the others illusions and comes across Albert Simmons' brother Richard.
Spawn decides to allow Richard to feel his sins. Mammon, as Mr. Malefick, had put an influence on Albert Simmons and Richard Simmons. Only Marc Simmons saved himself from Mammon but was unable to help the others. Richard calls his brothers to help him save the drug dealer's life and Albert Simmons, instead of calling an ambulance, pulls the knife from Weasel's body and kills him with it. Mammon appears, sending the brothers home while he hides the drug dealer's body.
Nyx and Spawn kill the last sin eater and Spawn discovers Richard cannot remember their parents due to a spell placed by Mammon; Spawn goes to find out about them. He finds their home under a spell placed by Mammon. His mother planned with Mammon to create a Hellspawn stronger than the others. He is then given a journal by his father that reveals his ancestor came across a Hellspawn in the past known as the Gunslinger Spawn.
Spawn is left helpless and weakened against his enemy Erskine's psychic powers, and Spawn is troubled by Erskine's creation of a tentacle creature he uses to impale his enemies.
Spawn is given an opportunity to cause Erskine's death. Spawn enters the bubble dome, a dimension, if Erskine does not reveal the location of Mammon. Mammon allows Erskine to complete his last murder. Mammon confesses that it was he who taught Erskine how to use his powers. Erskine tries to commit suicide. Spawn continues to attack Mammon.
Later a man wakes in a mortuary with amnesia. Some doctors working on him discover he is alive and are killed by a person in a robe, who is revealed to be Morana. The revived man, whose name is Severin, is one of a species of vampires called the Vrykolakas. He wants to die and Morana promises him death in return for his help. Severin appears, defeats Marc and Nyx, and bites Spawn to transfer his vampirism. He retreats to Morana.
Cyan has been experiencing horrid visions. Severin's attack has caused Spawn to battle the suit in his mind. Mammon with Morana and his adopted mother and father prepare for the next step in their plans. Cyan is having more visions. Granny had warned Cyan and she uses a knife to send Spawn into an illusionary world to talk to Wanda non-violently.
He is taken to another hospital with other patients. He later leaves and reunites with his previous nurse Sara, and begins to transform. He calls to Sara but leaves before she can see him. Meanwhile, a reporter begins to ask questions about the incident at the hospital. Wandering the city Jim is attacked and kills his assailants. This draws the attention of Sam and Twitch, who recognize the chaos as Spawn's doings.
After reuniting with Sara and telling him about his transformation, Jim wanders off again and meets Wanda Blake, Al Simmons' ex-wife. She recognizes Jim as the form Al took when he originally returned to earth, and she realizes he is a Spawn like Al.
On Wanda's advice, Jim travels to Rat City and finds Spawn's throne, and is met by an angel. Jim fights the angel, beats the angel and leaves. Jim finds out that a man working for Gilbert Sanchez has been asking questions about him.
The angel Spawn beat is later attacked by Clown, who removes her wings. When Spawn returns, the angel is powerless and insane, and find Freak and Violator. Despite Freak's warnings, Clown begins to deceive Jim and informs him his suit is a living being, and then vanishes. Clown is arrested by Sam and Twitch, and meet the leader of a vampire group to attempt to form a unity between the leader, Clown, and Spawn.
Mob members kill Gilbert Sanchez for his information on the new Spawn. Spawn attempts to learn more about Jim but is assaulted and uses his powers on his attacker. Jim later finds the man who had been asking Sara questions. He tracks him to his family's home, which is bombed, killing everyone inside but Spawn. Spawn finds more mob members and questions them further and kills them.
A four-issue miniseries released in 1995 written by Alan Moore. Drawn by Brian Denham. Ink by Jonathan Sibal & Danny Miki.
A four-issue miniseries released in 1995 written by Alan Moore. Drawn by Tony Daniel. Ink by Kevin Conrad.
Todd McFarlane created a mob enforcer character named "Antonio 'Tony Twist' Twistelli", who McFarlane acknowledged was named after hockey player Tony Twist. Twist won a $15 million verdict in 2004 when a St. Louis, Missouri, jury found Todd McFarlane Productions had profited from Twist's likeness.  The verdict was upheld after two appeals in June 2006, but the two later settled out of court for $5 million.
Many issues of Spawn have been gathered together in various trade paperbacks collections since the mid-nineties. The original US and UK trade releases contain issue 9, but not 10 (Cerebus' appearance).
In 2005 the entire Spawn series began to appear in massive trade paperback releases under the title Spawn Collection, each containing (with the exception of Volume 1) approximately twenty issues. Released after the Gaiman lawsuit, these editions do not contain either Issue 9 (featuring the first appearance of Angela and Cogliostro, both created by Neil Gaiman) or Issue 10 (featuring Dave Sim's Cerebus).
Spawn Collection Volume 1 was ranked 17 in the top 100 graphic novels for December 2005 period, with pre-order sales of 3,227.
A new edition of this volume, collected now in full color, was released in February 2021 with a different front cover art (from Spawn #95, and back cover art from Spawn #70). As with the previous edition, this book does not collect the individual issues' covers.
Originally published by a South African publisher named Battle Axe Press in the early 1990s. Only the first 10 issues were published due to legal matters. The comic book prints were released on standard paper as opposed to the original glossy paper from Image comics.
In the meantime, in the year of 2001, another publisher called Pandora Books released the edition named "Witchblade: Era das Trevas" (like 'The Dark Ages') with the encounter with the character Medieval Spawn.
In the year of 2006 to 2008 Spawn changed the publisher (after 10 years of Editora Abril Jovem) and went to Editora Pixel Media. They released from the issue number 151 to 178. Besides that, they released on the format of trade paperback the edition of Spawn Armageddon, Spawn Godslayer and the first two editions of Spawn Origin.
In the beginning of year 2019 Todd McFarlane himself confirmed at social media that a new Brazilian publisher named New Order Editora will release Spawn from the number 251 to 255 and the special "Spawn: Resurrection".
Spawn was ranked 60th on Wizard magazine's list of the Top 200 Comic Book Characters of All Time, 50th on Empire magazine's list of The 50 Greatest Comic Book Characters, and 36th on IGN's 2011 Top 100 Comic Book Heroes.
Washington routinely delivers one-quarter of U.S. hydroelectric generation, and hosts the nation's largest capacity power station at Grand Coulee Dam.  60% of Washington households use electricity as their primary heating fuel, unlike most households in other U.S. states that typically utilize natural gas.
The department store closed its doors to staff and the public without warning on 8 March 2016. The liquidators state that the unforeseen costs of dealing with asbestos, and the disruption to trading this would have entailed, proved to be a stumbling block to attracting investment and this led to the sudden closure. Derry City Council officials raised the issue of dealing with the asbestos following the introduction of new regulations, in the Spring of 2015.
In 1956, at the age of 21, Latynina made her Olympic debut at the Melbourne Olympic Games. In the all-around event, she fought off stiff competition to win gold. She finished first in the vault, second in the uneven bars and in the exercise on the floor and fourth in the balancing beam. She also led the Soviet Union in Team Event to victory.
Latynina retired after the 1966 World Championships and became a coach for the Soviet national gymnastics team, a position she held until 1977. Under her coaching the Soviet women won team gold in the 1968, 1972 and 1976 Olympics. She organized the gymnastics competition at the 1980 Olympic Games in Moscow.[citation needed]
1989: Olympic Order (silver), International Olympic Committee 1998: Inducted into the International Gymnastics Hall of Fame
Born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, Grootemaat went to business college in Milwaukee. He was president of A. J. Grootemaat and Sons, Inc. which dealt with real estate, insurance, and mortgages. From 1892 to 1897, Grootemaat served on the Milwaukee Common Council. In 1899, Grootemaat served in the Wisconsin State Assembly and was a Republican. Grootemaat  died at his home in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
This article about a Republican Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly born in the 1860s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Battle of Moel-y-don was a battle fought in 1282 war during the conquest of Wales by Edward I. Also known as the Battle of the Bridge of Boats, it is now considered unlikely the battle site was near Moel-y-don, but farther north.
After stripping much Welsh land from Llywelyn ap Gruffudd in 1277, Edward I of England imposed harsh terms on the lands he had conquered. He had been aided in 1277 by many Welshmen, including Llywelyn's own brother Dafydd ap Gruffydd, but the terms of the peace, coupled with domination by English laws and by Edward's officials drove many of them into rebellion. The war began when Dafydd turned against the English and slaughtered the garrison of Hawarden Castle.
Edward raised several armies through levy and indenture, and sent them into Wales on multiple fronts to surround and destroy Llywelyn's armies. One important expedition, consisting of 2000 infantrymen and 200 cavalrymen under the former constable of Gascony, Luke de Tany, was sent to capture the island of Anglesey. This would deprive the Welsh of much of their grain, and outflank the Welsh who were defending the Conwy.
After successfully capturing Anglesey, Luke de Tany's men constructed a bridge of boats across the Menai Strait which separates Anglesey from the mainland. Edward's plan was to cross the River Conwy while Tany crossed the Menai and attacked from the north. However, Tany ignored the plan, believing he could defeat the Welsh without Edward's aid. He had contacted some of the clergy in Bangor, who had promised to aid him by giving a signal when the time was right to attack.
The bridge was finished in September that year and, on 6 November, Tany and his men crossed the bridge, having been given the signal to attack. Llywelyn ap Gruffydd had been alerted to the crossing somehow, and emerged with a large army to meet the English as they crossed. A rising tide cut off de Tany's men from the bridge. When they tried to flee, many of them drowned when their heavy armour dragged them under the sea. Walter of Guisborough wrote an account of the battle:
When they had reached the foot of the mountain and, after a time, came to a place at some distance from the bridge, the tide came in with a great flow, so that they were unable to get back to the bridge for the debt of water. The Welsh came from the high mountains and attacked them, and in fear and trepidation, for the great number of the enemy, our men preferred to face the sea than the enemy. They went into the sea but, heavily laden with arms, they were instantly drowned.
Luke de Tany, the nobles Roger de Clifford, Phillip and William Burnell (brothers of the chancellor Robert Burnell), sixteen English knights (and their esquires) and over 400 of Tany's men perished. The Welsh suffered few casualties. The remaining English army made it back to Anglesey; their losses, however, were too great for them to launch a further attack.
This victory, and the Battle of Llandeilo Fawr in which another English army was destroyed in South Wales, boosted Welsh morale and set back Edward's plans for conquering Wales.
An Taisce is a membership organisation and charity, not a state or semi-state organisation. However, it receives  government funding for specific programmes, such as Blue Flag beaches, Green Schools and the annual National Spring Clean, and it has a statutory role in certain planning and environmental processes in the country.
An Taisce's range of expertise extends across Ireland's natural, built, and social heritage. It seeks to educate, inform, and lead public opinion on the environment, to advocate and influence policy, and to manage a small portfolio of heritage properties.
The Planning Acts provide for An Taisce, and about 20 other prescribed bodies, to be informed of all planning applications in areas of scenic beauty or high amenity significance or where architectural, archaeological or environmental issues need to be considered. Local authorities are required, in certain defined circumstances under the Planning & Development Regulations, to consult An Taisce on development proposals.
The organisation comprises over 5,000 members, with a range of membership fees.  Some members are also organised in local organisations.  Overall steering of the organisation is in the hands of a council, which in turn elects a board of management, and other internal policy and operational committees.[citation needed]
Henri Dagba (born 1957) is a Beninese athlete. He competed in the men's triple jump at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
This biographical article relating to Beninese athletics and track and field is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Contarex lenses are a series of photographic camera lenses used by the Contarex camera. They use the Contarex bayonet lens mount. The lenses were first presented at Photokina in 1958 and initially scheduled for delivery in the spring of 1959, but they were not made generally available until March 1960. The series was discontinued, but there are still many lenses available in the market. Their exemplary performance has led companies to make mount adapters to fit them to modern digital cameras.
On April 22, 1871, she married William Unthank.  She died in Cedar City, Utah at the age of 69.  Jerry Anderson created a statue of her with feet that is located on the Southern Utah University campus at the former location of her home.
Alison Triessl is a criminal defense lawyer based in Los Angeles, California who specializes in assault, drug and third strike cases.
In May 2014, The Huffington Post published an article by Triessl about Shelly Sterling. Legal Smart with Alison Triessl began airing on KTLA in July 2015; the segment airs on Tuesdays and Thursdays at 3pm locally. Since September 2015, she has contributed to the syndicated investigative news magazine series Crime Watch Daily.
In 2006, Triessl was named "Woman of the Year" for Los Angeles County and received an honor for "Outstanding Community Service" from both the Lieutenant Governor and City Attorney. She is married and has children. In 2012, she told Miami Herald how she balances her work and personal lives:
In 2010, Triessl was part of a group of speakers gathered by the Californians for Drug Free Youth to "raise awareness about the dangers of marijuana".
The 368th Infantry Regiment was an infantry regiment of the United States Army that served in World War I in France. Its commander was Colonel Frederick Brown. It was one of four regiments of the 92nd Division, all of which were composed of black enlisted personnel and junior officers, while the senior officers were white.
The murder had a significant influence on French intellectuals Jean Genet, Jean-Paul Sartre, Simone de Beauvoir, and Jacques Lacan, who sought to analyze it, and some considered it symbolic of class struggle. The case formed the basis of a number of publications, plays, and films, as well as essays, spoken word, songs, and artwork.
The sisters worked as maids in various Le Mans homes. They preferred to work together whenever possible.[citation needed]
In July 1933, Christine experienced a "fit", or episode, in which she tried to gouge her own eyes out and had to be put in a straitjacket. She then made a statement to the investigating magistrate, in which she said that on the day of the murders she had experienced an episode like the one she just had in prison and that this was what precipitated the murders.
The case had a huge impact on the community and was debated intensely by the intelligentsia. Some people considered that the murders had been the result of "exploitation of the workers", considering that the maids worked fourteen-hour days, with only a half-day off each week. Intellectuals empathized with the sisters' oppressive struggle of the social classes.[citation needed]
eXeem was a peer-to-peer (P2P) file sharing client using the BitTorrent protocol. eXeem was designed to replace the need for centralized trackers (servers which co-ordinate the transfer of metadata across a BitTorrent network). It largely failed to achieve this goal, and the project was canceled and eXeem's network was shut down by the end of 2005.
eXeem was created by Swarm Systems Inc. which is located in Saint Kitts and Nevis. The company employed Andrej Preston, the founder of Suprnova.org, as its spokesperson and public face of eXeem. Five thousand Suprnova.org users were selected to take part in a private beta test of eXeem before the public beta was released on  January 21, 2005.
The eXeem network used super-peers that were used to track torrents (as ordinary bittorrent trackers). These super-peers were also responsible for maintaining file lists, comments and ratings for part of the files in the network. When a peer that was tracking a torrent was closed or went down, a new peer was assigned to be the tracker for that particular torrent.
St. Peregrine the martyr was an early Christian martyr who died because he and others refused to worship the Roman Emperor Commodus on his birthday.
Bong-2 is an electoral district for the elections to the House of Representatives of Liberia. The constituency covers three wards of Gbanga city (wards 5, 8 and 9), 10 communities of Jorquelleh District (i.e. Kolleta-Mula-Two, Beh-Lah-Three, Beletanta-Two, Tomue-Five, Mano-Weasue-Three, Samay-One, Jankpayah-Four, Gbenequellen-Two, Tamay Ta-One, Janyea-Four) and 2 communities of Yeallequelleh District (i.e. Yeanawoun-One and Garwuquelleh-Two).
The General Encyclopedia had been successfully printed by Bracha Peli's printing business under the editorship of Prof. Joseph Klausner. Bracha Peli's son, Alexander was keen to start a more ambitious encyclopedia in Hebrew.
The idea of the Encyclopaedia Hebraica began to take material form in the summer of 1944. An advisory committee was established to determine the goals of the encyclopedia. Printing of the first volume began in the summer of 1948 with the founding of the State of Israel. The honorary president of the project was the President of Israel, Professor Chaim Weizmann.
We have strong faith that we will realize our aspiration to provide exceptional content in a magnificent vessel and to add and enhance from volume to volume, and that we will finish publishing all 16 volumes within five or six years and that the whole project will achieve its purpose.
The many years needed for completion of the encyclopedia meant that its editors were replaced over the years. The position was held by Joseph Klausner, Benzion Netanyahu, Yeshayahu Leibowitz, Nathan Rotenstreich, Yehoshua Gutman, and Joshua Prawer. The editorial supervisor throughout all the volumes was Alexander Peli. More than 2,500 writers participated in the writing of the encyclopedia, among them the leading Israeli scientists and fifteen Nobel laureates.
The newer volumes of the encyclopedia that were written in the 1990s and edited by David Shacham were criticized for allegedly containing a post-Zionist tone.
Within a year of the last volume being published the rights to the encyclopedia had been sold. Schocken Publishing House are said to be working on a new, revised edition of the encyclopedia.
Born in Cynthiana in Harrison County, Kentucky, West was a Confederate veteran and a municipal judge in Kentucky. He was Governor of Utah Territory twice, between 1886 and 1888 and between 1893 and 1896, the last before statehood.
At an estimated population of 290,000 - 305,000 people, it comprises a number of sub-sections which reflect the diverse class backgrounds of the population. It was once a major stronghold of the United Democratic Front, the broad-based ANC-sponsored anti-apartheid body. It also has one of greater Cape Town's biggest shopping centres, known as the Liberty Promenade.
The residential area was reportedly named after Mitchell Baker but this is unconfirmed, and is one of a number of possible explanations.[citation needed] Another theory is that the area was named after Major Charles Cornwallis Michell, the Cape's first surveyor-general. Yet another theory is that the area was named after a farmer that previous owned a farm that the neighborhood was built on.
According to 2011 census data compiled by Statistics South Africa, Mitchells Plain comprises the following in terms of demographics:
Today Mitchells Plain is one of Cape Town's and South Africa's largest townships with a population of about 290,000 people.
The Mitchells Plain Commercial Business District is commonly referred to as the Town Center by residents. It is a shopping district that includes a 58 000 square meter retail plaza, a shopping centre over and around in the train station, a public library, two major transport interchanges and informal markets. Informal traders in the Town Center sell fruit, vegetables, stationary, spices and cosmetics.[citation needed]
Like the townships of Soweto, Khayelitsha and Delft, Mitchells Plain, believed to be South Africa's 3rd largest township, is split into a number of sub-sections. The western half of the township is home to a wealthier population, while the eastern half comprises poorer communities.[citation needed]
Mitchells Plain is home to 85 schools, Some of these schools include Meadowridge Primary School, Aloe, Lentegeur, Beacon Hill, Oval North, Cedar, Glendale, Rocklands and Westville Primary Spine Road, Mondale, Portland, Princeton, Woodlands, Tafelsig, Westridge, Seaview Primary and Westport primary
In the latter years of apartheid, Mitchells Plain became the seat of the launch of the United Democratic Front, a mass democratic movement of community organisations and trade unions fighting against apartheid. It was launched in August 1983 with such leaders of the people as Dr Allan Boesak, Albertina Sisulu, Helen Joseph, Joe Marks, Trevor Manuel, Mosiuoa "Terror" Lekota and many others present.[citation needed]
The most active social movements and activist organisations in Mitchells Plain after apartheid have been the Western Cape Anti-Eviction Campaign, the Treatment Action Campaign and the Mitchells Plain Concerned Hawkers and Traders Association. the Mitchell's Plain Backyarders Association, which had strong links to the Western Cape Anti-Eviction Campaign, organised a massive land occupation - The Mitchell's Plain Land Occupation in 2011.
Kym Campbell (born August 4, 1981) is an American-Australian former singer-songwriter. Campbell had a career as an Australian-based singer-songwriter and issued two extended plays, So Alive (2008) and Preview (July 2010), and a studio album, Real Life (August 2012). She supported these releases with tours of Australia.
Kym Campbell was born in Denver, Colorado and grew up in Seattle, Washington. She attended Santa Clara University, where she completed a Bachelor of Science before immigrating to Australia to pursue post-graduate education at Griffith University. In 2010 Campbell became a dual US-Australian citizen where she now resides in the state of Queensland.[citation needed]
Campbell married in 2011 and gave birth to her first child in 2017 after a long struggle with PCOS related infertility.[citation needed]
Offterdinger was a student of Heinrich von Rustige. In the second half of the 19th century, Offterdinger illustrated numerous children's books, fairy tales, adventure stories, and broadsheets.
University Institute of Technology RGPV, popularly known as UIT RGPV or UIT RGTU, is a public institution located in Bhopal, India. The institution was established by the government of Madhya Pradesh with the name Government Engineering College (GEC). It is an autonomous institution as of 1986.AICTE Application No./UGC Registration No./College Code is-1-136924 
This article about a university or college in Madhya Pradesh, India is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Cloverdale is an unincorporated community in Osceola County, Iowa, United States. It is located 5 miles southeast of the county seat Sibley, and 10 miles from the Iowa-Minnesota border.  
The Jacobsohn Quartet which was here established contained the famous names of Simon E. Jacobsohn, first violin; Theodore Thomas, second violin; Carl Baetens, M. Dr., viola, and Adolf Hartdegan, cello (afterwards Michael Brandt, cello). Jacobsohn and Thomas alternated in playing first and second violin. Jacobsohn considered Thomas one of the finest interpreters of Mozart in the world; and so, when Mozart was played, Thomas always played first violin.
Tsugaru was launched by the Yokosuka Naval Arsenal on 5 June 1940, and was commissioned into service on 22 October 1941.
Tony Cragg was born in Liverpool. He studied art at Gloucestershire College of Arts and Technology, Cheltenham, from 1968 to 1970, and painted at the Wimbledon School of Art, London, from 1970 to 1973. The same year he went on to study sculpture at the Royal College of Art, London, completing an MA in 1977.
Tony Cragg's early work involved site-specific installations of found objects and discarded materials.
In the 2016 Birthday Honours Cragg was created a Knight Bachelor for services to visual arts and UK-German relations.
Infoblox was founded in 1999 in Chicago, Illinois, by Stuart Bailey who was at the University of Illinois.  The company moved to Santa Clara, California, in 2003.
On September 8, 2020, Infoblox announced a significant investment from Warburg Pincus. Following necessary approvals, the investment closed on December 1, 2020 with Vista Equity Partners and Warburg Pincus holding 50% ownership in Infoblox.
By 2015, the Infoblox market share in DDI jumped to 49.9 percent in 2015 from 46.7 percent in 2014, and the overall DDI market grew 18.3 percent in the same period to $533 million. No other competitor had a market share greater than 15 percent.
This article related to members of the fly subfamily Dexiinae is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
It is a small airport, serving Uzhhorod and the whole oblast. The airport's runway begins 90 meters from the Ukrainian-Slovak international border, so planes must use Slovak airspace for take-offs and landings under special treaty.
The following airlines operate regular scheduled and charter services to and from Uzhhorod International Airport:
These battles saw some of the most violent fighting of the whole war. During the nine campaigns launched, coordinated Soviet assaults would regularly drive out the mujahideen from the valley, but they would return as soon as the Soviets left.
The first Soviet operation in Panjshir took place in April 1980, four months after the arrival of Soviet forces in Afghanistan. It involved three Soviet battalions, of which one was the fourth battalion of the 56th Guards Air Assault Brigade led by Captain Leonid Khabarov, and 1,000 men of the Afghan army and security forces. The overall commander of the operation was General Pechevoy.
The final operation of 1980 began on December 12. Heavy airstrikes hit the valley, causing the death of 100 civilians and 15 mujahideen. The fort at Rokha was finally evacuated on December 27, and the operation ended two days later, leaving the valley mostly under rebel control.
By 1982 Massoud had built up his forces to 3,000 men, and other mujahideen from neighbouring areas could come to his aid  The approaches to the valley were strengthened with defensive positions established on dominant heights and near narrow passages. Hollowed-out caves were used as supply depots and shelters.
Massoud, who expected an attack similar to the previous ones, had disposed his defenses close to the entrance of the valley, and was thus unable to prevent the Soviets from gaining footholds in the Panjshir. They established three main bases at Rukha, Bazarak and Anava. Most of the mujahideen had survived the attack and Massoud divided them into small, mobile groups that fought the Soviets all down the valley.
Despite bitter fighting, the Soviets were unable to eradicate the mujahideen, and the battle soon developed into a stalemate. During the 5th and 6th offensives the Soviets suffered up to 3,000 casualties, and 1,000 Afghan Army soldiers defected to the Mujahideen.
In January 1983, for the first time a ceasefire was concluded between the Soviets and the mujahideen, lasting 6 months, and later extended. Negotiated by Massoud in person with a colonel of the GRU, Anatoly Tkachev, the agreement stipulated that Soviet troops should evacuate the Panjshir, except for a small garrison at Anava, whose access was controlled by the mujahideen. The area covered by the ceasefire included the Panjshir valley, but not the Salang pass, where fighting continued.
The 9th offensive was carried out in reprisal for the destruction of the DRA garrison at Peshgur, during which Massoud's mobile groups took 500 prisoners including 126 officers and killed a brigadier of the Afghan Army. The prisoners had been marched into the mountains, where the mujahideen claimed they were killed by a Soviet aerial bombardment, a claim others dubbed suspicious.
Initiated hours after the raid, the Soviet counter-attack installed a new garrison in Peshgur, and pursued the retreating mujahideen. The group escorting the captured Afghan officers was caught in the open by Soviet helicopters, and in the ensuing fight most of the prisoners were killed, with both sides blaming the other for the incident.
The first proposed solution to overcoming the gradient was by the use of three caisson locks. Adverts were printed in Bath periodicals in January 1796 to recruit stonemasons for building the locks.
Trials of this first lock took place between November 1797 and June 1798. These showed that it could be traversed in 7 minutes; on 9 June 1798, a reporter for the Bath Herald wrote that:
It is a pleasure to reflect that the hydrostatical contrivance for conveying of boats from upper to lower levels and vice versa, is completed, and may now be esteemed one of the greatest discoveries of the age; every scrupulous objection to the practability of its operation being removed.
In May 1801, having moved to Bath upon her father's retirement, Jane Austen wrote to her sister Cassandra about plans with her uncle to "take the long-planned walk to the Cassoon"; the short trip was a popular excursion at the time. The same year, Richard Warner wrote of the then-state of the caisson lock in his Excursions from Bath:
The deviation of a few hundred yards from the road to Combhay, leads us to the hydrostatical lock, called the caisson, the bason of which now alone remains [...] the machine was consigned to destruction, but not to oblivion, since it will ever remain a memorable proof of the superior mechanical abilities of its very ingenious inventor
The precise location of the caisson locks (or their intended location) is in doubt. General consensus is that the completed caisson lock was accessed east of the basin near Caisson House. The second caisson was likely a short distance to the east, with the third a considerable distance downstream (near the site of Locks 19 and 20).
Construction began on the flight in November 1802, with the first lock (lock 19) being completed in June 1804. During the works, the caisson lock was demolished and it is likely that the significant amount of masonry was reclaimed for use on the lock flight as coping stones and possibly on the later building of Caisson House.
In 1881, the Camerton Branch of the Bristol and North Somerset Railway opened through the Cam valley, crossing the lock flight at lock 16. Like many canals, the arrival of rail transport began the decline of the waterway's use. The canal was put up for sale in 1894. The backpumps on the flight ceased operation in November 1898; transport would continue to operate until August 1899 when the water levels became insufficient for navigation.
After the abandonment of the canal in 1899, the flight was left to become derelict. The chamber of lock 16, beneath a railway arch of the Camerton railway branch, was infilled.
A building near the summit of the flight, Caisson House, is named for its proximity to the first caisson lock. The building is likely a former terrace of cottages built for the canal company in the 1830s (and therefore the removal of the caisson lock predates the cottages' construction).
General restoration work began on the lower lock flight (below the Bull's Nose) in 2000. This work was expanded to cover the upper flight in 2011, as landowner permission needed to be sought. This work was undertaken alongside the Inland Waterways Association's Waterway Recovery Group.
Half of this jungle is cleared to serve as a tourist spot while the other half is developed as a wildlife sanctuary. A trek for a kilometer leads one to a full view of seasonal waterfall. The inflow of tourists is more only during the holidays. Animals at the park include spotted deer, mongoose, hedgehog, foxes, reason monkeys, red headed parrots, love birds, tortoises, peacock, crocodiles, wild cats, eagles, ducks, pigeons, wild parrots, rabbits, and pythons(Indian Rock Python).
Point Omega is a short novel by the American author Don DeLillo that was published in hardcover by Scribner's on February 2, 2010. It is DeLillo's fifteenth novel published under his own name and his first published work of fiction since his 2007 novel Falling Man.
According to the Scribner 2010 catalog made available on October 12, 2009, Point Omega concerns the following:
At the end of his service, Elster retreats to the desert, where he is joined by a filmmaker intent on documenting his experience. Jim Finley wants to make a one-take film, Elster its single character - "Just a man against a wall."
An original short story unrelated to Point Omega entitled "Midnight in Dostoevsky" appeared in the November 30 edition of The New Yorker.
An extract from Point Omega was made available on the Simon and Schuster website on December 10, 2009.
DeLillo was set to give a first public reading of Point Omega at Book Court in Brooklyn, New York on February 11, 2010.
DeLillo made an unexpected appearance at a PEN event on the steps of the main branch of the New York City Public Library in support of Chinese dissident writer Liu Xiaobo, who was sentenced to eleven years in prison for "inciting subversion of state power" on December 31, 2009.
Point Omega spent one week on the New York Times Bestseller List, peaking at #35 on the extended version of the list during its one-week stay on the list.
Pseudoplanktonic organisms are those that attach themselves to planktonic organisms or other floating objects, such as drifting wood, buoyant shells of organisms such as Spirula, or man-made flotsam. Examples include goose barnacles and the bryozoan Jellyella. By themselves these animals cannot float, which contrasts them with true planktonic organisms, such as Velella and the Portuguese Man o' War, which are buoyant. Pseudoplankton are often found in the guts of filtering zooplankters.
Samantha Strauss is an Australian screenwriter known for the shows Dance Academy and Nine Perfect Strangers.
Strauss grew up in Gold Coast, Queensland, and was educated at St Hilda's School, Trinity Lutheran College and Bond University, where she studied Film and Television. She also trained in professional ballet on the Gold Coast, before a fractured back injury forced her to change directions.
Samantha Strauss is the co-creator and head writer of the 65-part ABC teen drama series Dance Academy. In 2011 the series won the Australian Logie for Most Outstanding Children's Drama and was nominated for an International Emmy Award in the Children and Young People category.
She was a writer on the 2021 Hulu miniseries Nine Perfect Strangers, based on the novel by Australian writer Liane Moriarty.
Gimhae National Museum is a national museum located in Gimhae, South Gyeongsang Province, South Korea. It opened on July 29, 1998 with the aim to compile available cultural properties of Gaya, one of ancient states in Korea.
Its natural habitats are tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss due to caused the expansion of agriculture.
Breconshire or Brecknockshire was a constituency in Wales which returned one Member of Parliament (MP)  to the House of Commons of the English Parliament, and later to the Parliament of Great Britain and of the United Kingdom, between 1542 and 1918. (Historically, the "-shire" suffix was often omitted, leading to potential confusion with the Brecon borough constituency, which existed until 1885.)
By the time of the 1911 census, the population of Breconshire was 63,036, and there were around 13,000 voters on the register around the outbreak of the First World War, a respectable size, but neighbouring Radnorshire with barely 6,000 voters was too small to survive. With effect from the 1918 general election, the two constituencies were merged, to form a new Brecon and Radnor constituency.
Samisoni Langi (born 11 June 1993) is a Tonga international rugby league footballer who plays as a centre and stand-off for the Catalans Dragons in the Betfred Super League. 
Langi previously played for the Sydney Roosters in the NRL and for the Leigh Centurions in the Super League, signing from the Penrith Panthers in June 2017.
He played his junior rugby league for the Berala Bears. While attending Trinity Catholic College, Auburn, he was selected to play for the NSW Combined Catholic Colleges Schoolboys and the Australian Schoolboys teams, both in 2011.
In 2016, Langi joined the South Sydney Rabbitohs' feeder team, the North Sydney Bears, in the New South Wales Cup. 
Langi joined the Penrith Panthers in 2017, playing for their New South Wales Cup team. In June 2017 he moved to Leigh Centurions on a deal lasting until the end of the season.
On 9 October 2021, Langi played for Catalans Dragons in their 2021 Super League Grand Final defeat against St. Helens.
Langi was a member of Tonga's squad for the 2013 World Cup. He played in all three of Tonga's matches, kicking a total of 7 goals.
On 19 October 2014, Langi played at five-eighth in Tonga's match against Papua New Guinea. On 2 May 2015, he played for Tonga in the 2015 Polynesian Cup against Samoa. He missed Tonga's first two conversion attempts, and the goal-kicking duties were given to Solomone Kata for the remainder of the match.
On 7 May 2016, he played for Tonga against Samoa in the 2016 Polynesian Cup, suffering a game ending injury inside the opening 10 minutes.
This article about a location in Rajkot district, Gujarat, India is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Douglas John Booth (born 9 July 1992) is an English actor. He first came to public attention following his performance as Boy George in the BBC Two film Worried About the Boy (2010). He also starred in the BBC adaptations of Great Expectations and Christopher and His Kind (both 2011) and  Netflix biopic The Dirt (2019).
In 2013, Booth starred in Carlo Carlei's film adaptation of Romeo & Juliet. In 2014, he appeared in Darren Aronofsky's Noah and Lone Scherfig's The Riot Club, and in 2015, co-starred in The Wachowskis' Jupiter Ascending.
Booth joined the Curtis Brown acting agency at the age of fifteen. He won his first professional acting role at the age of sixteen and quit his AS levels in drama, media studies and English literature.
Booth was partly privately educated, attending Solefield School, a boys' junior independent school in the town of Sevenoaks in Kent, followed by Bennett Memorial Diocesan School, a Church of England state Voluntary Aided school in the town of Royal Tunbridge Wells (Kent), and Lingfield Notre Dame School, an independent school in the village of Lingfield in Surrey.
On 3rd July 2021, Douglas announced via his Instagram account, that he had proposed to his long term girlfriend and ex co-star Bel Powley. The two met on set for Mary Shelley and had fallen in love during filming.
Also in 2011, Booth appeared in the BBC film Christopher and His Kind, which explored novelist Christopher Isherwood's formative years in 1930s Berlin. He played Heinz, a German street-sweeper who became the lover of Matt Smith's Isherwood.
In March 2014, he appeared as Shem in Darren Aronofsky's biblical epic Noah. Emma Watson played his character's wife; she first met Booth while shooting a Burberry fashion campaign in 2009: "There's something old-mannish about Doug, which he had even then. He knows who he is. He doesn't get intimidated, doesn't hold back, and is generally fearless."
Booth has been supporting UNHCR since 2015. He has travelled to Iraq to visit refugees and internally displaced persons. Booth has highlighted the work of UNHCR in media interviews and has helped raise awareness of the global refugee crisis via his social media channels. Booth has supported UNHCR fundraising events and campaigns including World Refugee Day and the Nansen Refugee Award.[citation needed]
Tobegah Dogbe was named Prime Minister on 28 September 2020 by President Faure Gnassingbe after the resignation of Komi Selom Klassou.[citation needed]
She won a gold medal in flyweight at the 1987 World Taekwondo Championships in Barcelona. She won a silver medal at the 1989 World Taekwondo Championships, after being defeated by Won Sun-jin in the final.
This biographical article relating to a Taiwanese sportsperson is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Obrint Pas was formed in 1993. One year later, in 1994 they recorded their first tape which took them to the III Tirant de Rock. During the following years, the band also took part in several festivals that helped them to consolidate their music.
Their last work En Moviment (2005) is a Live album with many collaborations such as the likes of Alex from Inadaptats, Fermin Muguruza, Al Tall and many more. It was recorded in a tributing gig to Ovidi Montllor in Valencia ten years after his death. This work reached the charts in Spain (The only group singing in Catalan).
In 2006, the band undertook an international tour that was called 2006 Internacionalista Tour and included England, Norway, Czech Republic, and Argentina.
On 24 October 2010, in the city of Vic, the music of Obrint Pas was used in a world record attempt to get the largest lipdub ever. It succeeded with 5771 participants. The background music used was La flama, a song from 2004.
Pedro Sanchez departed from the band and was replaced by Jorge Ortiz. Leaving Roberto Guadarrama as the final original member of Los Bukis.
The 2016 UEC European Track Championships (under-23 & junior) were the 16th continental championships for European under-23 and junior track cyclists, and the 7th since the event was renamed following the reorganisation of European track cycling in 2010. The event took place at the Velodromo Fassa Bortolo in Montichiari, Italy from 12 to 17 July 2016.
The 52nd Venice Biennale was an international contemporary art exhibition held in 2007. The Venice Biennale takes place biennially in Venice, Italy. Artistic director Robert Storr curated its central exhibition, "Think with the Senses, Feel with the Mind".
Rodan is a male name. Its name day is celebrated on December 21 (Noel), or March 15 (Slovak calendar).
A Different Light was a chain of four LGBT bookstores in the United States, active from 1979 to 2011.
For 22 years the store were immensely successful and influential.  By the time ADL moved to Chelsea in New York City, it was hosting over 300 author events a year in its 3 stores.  Each store became a serious part of the local LGBT community and fostered the careers of many LGBT authors.  At its zenith, it employed over 80 people.
Following several years of increased financial difficulty amid extreme competition with online book sellers, Barker and Newman closed the West Hollywood store in 2009, and the Castro branch in 2011. The chain's closure was part of a spate of LGBT bookstore closings in the United States early in the 21st century, including New York's Oscar Wilde Bookshop and Washington, D.C.'s Lambda Rising.
The Treutlen County School District is a public school district in Treutlen County, Georgia, United States, based in Soperton. It serves the communities of Lothair and Soperton.
Simone Camilli was born in Rome, Italy, on 28 March 1979. He and his partner Ylva van den Berg have a daughter named Nour Camilli. His funeral was held on Friday, 15 August 2014 in the Cathedral of SS Peter and Paul in Pitigliano, where his father had been the mayor since 2011.
Ali Shehda Abu Afash was born around 1978. He was married to Shireen Abu Afash, and had two daughters named Majd (7) and Wajd (2).
Simone Camilli began as an intern in Rome for the Associated Press in 2005. One of his first assignments was the death of Pope John Paul. In 2006, he moved to Jerusalem, where he covered stories of conflict and wartime in places like Israel and the Palestinian territories, Lebanon, and Iraq. He was interested in reporting on war and its effects on people's lives. In 2014, he moved to Beirut, Lebanon. During the Israeli operation in the Gaza Strip, he decided to report on the conflict.
Abu Afash was a computer engineer at a health union in the Gaza Strip. He quit this work to be a journalist. From there, he worked for the Gaza Centre for Media Freedom as a Palestinian translator and journalist. He reported for three months on the problems Palestinian journalists dealt with and that of a training program within its sister organization, the Doha Centre for Media Freedom.
Camilli and Abu Afash died while reporting on the morning of 13 August 2014 in Beit Lahiya. A soccer field located in the Gaza Strip had a live bomb, which was dropped by an Israel F-16. That Wednesday, Camilli and Abu Afash were at the scene filming the Gazan Police Force while they attempted to defuse the explosive. The story they were working on was about the ordnance crew. The bomb exploded during the process and killed six people, including the two journalists.
Hatem Moussa, an AP photographer who was working with Camilli and Abu Afash, survived but was badly injured from the explosion.
Irina Bokova, director-general of UNESCO, said, "I deplore the death of Simone Camilli and Ali Shehda Abu Afash, lifting the death toll of media workers from the current conflict (to eight journalists at the time). The loss of individuals who brave danger to ensure that the world is kept informed of events in conflict zones affects to us all."
Pope Francis conducted a silent prayer with a group of around 70 journalists who were aboard the papal plane and at the time heading to a visit in South Korea.
The Lightning rejoined the Atlantic Division after a one-season stint in the Central Division due to re-alignment under league's return to play protocols.
On July 17, 2021, the Lightning announced the re-signing of defenseman Fredrik Claesson to a one-year, two-way contract. Claesson appeared in two regular season games with the Lightning after coming over via trade from the San Jose Sharks.
That same day, the Lightning traded the negotiating rights to forward Barclay Goodrow to the New York Rangers in exchange for a 7th-round pick in the 2022 NHL Entry Draft. Goodrow was a member of the Lightning's back to back championships.
On July 19, 2021, the Lightning announced that it had signed a 2-year extension with the Orlando Solar Bears to keep it as its ECHL affiliate.
On July 21, 2021, the Seattle Kraken selected forward Yanni Gourde during their expansion draft from the Lightning. Gourde spent the past six seasons with the team. He skated in 310 games, recording 80 goals, 107 assists and winner of 2 Stanley Cups.
On July 24, 2021, the Lightning announced that it had re-signed forward Gemel Smith to a 2-year contract extension. Smith appeared in five games with the Lightning during the regular season, recording three assists.
On July 24 and 25, 2021, the Lightning made seven selections in the 2021. The Lightning picked 4 forwards and 3 defensemen. The following players made up their picks: Roman Schmidt (D), Dylan Duke (LW), Cameron MacDonald (C), Alex Gagne (D), Daniil Pylenkov (D), Robert Flinton (LW) and Niko Huuhtanen (RW).
On July 26, 2021, the Lightning announced that it had issued qualify offers to restricted free agents Alex Barre-Boulet, Ross Colton, Boris Katchouk, Taylor Raddysh, Otto Somppi, Sean Day and Cal Foote. Former draft picks Ryan Lohin and Dominik Masin were not issued qualifying offers, which resulted in them becoming unrestricted free agents.
On July 27, 2021, the Lightning announced that it had re-signed Otto Somppi to a one-year contract extension. Somppi appeared in 32 games with the Syracuse Crunch last season, recording 12 goals and 26 points.
On July 28, 2021, the Lightning began the first day of free agency by announcing the signing of free agents Gabriel Dumont, Charles Hudon, Darren Raddysh, Andrej Sustr and Maxime Legace to one-year contracts. Dumont and Sustr had both previously played for the team. Darren Raddysh is the brother of Lightning prosepct Taylor Raddysh.
The next free agent signing announced by the Lightning was that of goaltender Brian Elliott. The team signed Elliott to a one-year contract valued at $900k. Elliott spent the previous three seasons with the Philadelphia Flyers. Elliott was signed as the replacement of Curtis McElhinney as the team's backup goaltender.
The next signing was 2020 Stanley Cup champion Zach Bogosian. Bogosian left the team as a free agent after helping the team to its second Stanley Cup by signing a one-year deal with the Toronto Maple Leafs. Bogosian signed a three-year contract that carries an annual cap hit of $850,000.
The team next announced that it had signed Brayden Point to an 8-year contract extension valued at $75 million. The Lightning draft pick has skated in 351 career NHL games with the team, recording 139 goals and 310 points. Point was also a member of the Lightning's back to back championships.
The Lightning moved back to free agent signings with the signing of Pierre-Edouard Bellemare to a two-year contract. The Bellemare contract will carry a cap hit of $1 million. Bellemare spent the past two seasons with the Colorado Avalanche. He recorded 18 goals and 15 assists during that timeframe.
The Lightning finished the day with the signing of free agent Remi Elie to a one-year contract. Elie has appeared in 106 career NHL games between the Dallas Stars and Buffalo Sabres. He spent the past season playing for the Rochester Americans of the American Hockey League.
On July 29, 2021, the Lightning announced the signing of forward Corey Perry to a two-year contract valued at $2 million. Perry joins the team after having lost to the team in consecutive finals with the Dallas Stars and Montreal Canadiens. Perry has been in the league for 16 years, recording 386 goals and 818 points over that span.
The same day the team announced that it had re-signed defenseman Cal Foote to a two-year contract extension. The contract is to carry a cap hit of $850k. Foote was drafted by the team in 2017, and has skated in 35 career NHL games.
On July 30, 2021, the Lightning announced the re-signing of forward Alex Barre-Boulet to a three-year contract extension. The contract will carry an annual cap hit of $758k. Barre-Boulet appeared in 15 games last season after making his NHL debut with the team.
That day the Lightning also announced that it had traded forward Mitchell Stephens to the Detroit Red Wings in exchange for 6th-round pick in the 2022 NHL Entry Draft. Stephens had played in 45 games with the Lightning over the past two seasons. Stephens had three goals and four assists in the Lightning's 2020 championship run.
Only July 31, 2021, the Lightning announced that it had re-signed forwards Taylor Raddysh and Boris Katchouk to three-year contract extensions. Both contracts will carry an annual cap hit of $758k. Raddysh has skated in 159 career AHL games, recording 49 goals and 110 points. Katchuouk has skated in 164 career AHL games, recording 36 goals and 89 points. Both forwards are expected to compete for the open roster spots at forward.
Later that day the team announced that it had traded goaltender Spencer Martin to the Vancouver Canucks for future considerations. Martin recorded a 7-5-2 recorded in 15 games last season with the Syracuse Crunch of the American Hockey League.
On August 1, 2021, the Lightning announced the re-signing of defenseman Sean Day to a one-year contract extension. Day appeared in 29 games with the Syracuse Crunch last season, recording 3 goals and 15 assists over 29 games.
On August 9, 2021, the Lightning announced the re-signing of Ross Colton to a two-year contract extension. The contract will carry an annual cap hit of $1.125 million. Colton made his NHL debut this past season, skating scoring 9 goals and 3 assists over 30-games. Colton was also just the seventh rookie in NHL history to score a Stanley Cup winning goal and the second in the NHL's modern era.
On September 21, 2021, the Lightning announced their 60-man 2021 training camp roster. The initial roster consists of 36 forwards, 18 defensemen and 6 goaltenders. Amongst the contracted players are 6 invitees that are not under contract with the Lightning.
On September 28, 2021, the Lightning signed General Manager Julien BriseBois to a contract extension. BriseBois was the General Manager of the team during their back to back cup wins and has been with the franchise since 2010.
On September 29, 2021, the Lightning announced their first round of training camp roster cuts. Forwards Jack Finley, Niko Huuhtanen, Cameron MacDonald and Declan McDonnell were reassigned to their junior clubs. Defenseman Roman Schmidt was also reassigned to his junior club. The Lightning also released Xavier Cormier and Avery Winslow from their camp tryouts.
On October 4, 2021, the Lightning announced its second round of training camp roster cuts. The team cut 13 forwards, 6 defensemen and 3 goaltenders. This reduced the roster to 18 forwards, 11 defensemen and 3 goaltenders.
Later in the day the team announced that it had cut four more players from its training camp roster. Gabriel Dumont, Charles Hudon, Sean Day and Darren Raddysh were assigned to the Syracuse Crunch to prepare for the start of the AHL season. This further trimmed the roster down to 16 forwards, 9 defensemen and 3 goaltenders.
On October 8, 2021, the Lightning announced the reduction of the training camp roster by two players. Simon Ryfors was assigned to the Syracuse Crunch of the AHL, and Amir Miftakhov was assigned to the Orlando Solar Bears of the ECHL. This brought the team's roster down to 15 forwards, 9 defensemen and 2 goaltenders.
On October 11, 2021, the Lightning announced the re-signing of head coach Jon Cooper to a 3-year contract extension. The contract terms were not released, however, they are believed to be in the same ballpark as Joel Quenneville ($5.5 million per year).
Later that afternoon the Seattle Kraken claimed Alex Barre-Boulet off of waivers from the Lightning. Barre-Boulet skated in 15 games with the team last season.
The regular season schedule was released on July 22, 2021, with only about a handful of games scheduled in February because NHL players are planning to participate in the 2022 Winter Olympics.
Below are the Tampa Bay Lightning's selections at the 2021 NHL Entry Draft, which was held on July 23 and 24, 2021, via video conference call due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Mahakavi Kalidasu is 1960 Indian Telugu-language  biographical film produced by K. Nagamani and P. Suri Babu and directed by Kamalakara Kameswara Rao. It stars Akkineni Nageswara Rao and Sriranjani Jr., with music composed by Pendyala Nageswara Rao. The film is based on the life of the poet Kalidasa.
Korlahalli is a village in the Mundargi taluk of Gadag district in the Indian state of Karnataka. Korlahalli is located south to district headquarters Gadag and Taluka headquarters Mundargi. 
Per the 2011 Census of India, has a total population of 3336; of whom 1684 are male and 1652 female.
This article related to a location in Gadag district, Karnataka, India is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Bostrycapulus heteropoma is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calyptraeidae, the slipper snails or slipper limpets, cup-and-saucer snails, and Chinese hat snails.
The town is the seat of Strzelin County and also of the smaller municipality (gmina) of Strzelin. It is known for its extensive granite quarries, the deepest Europe's granite quarry is located here. It is 123 meters deep and covers 19.5 ha
The 1969 Indian vice-presidential election was held on 30 August 1969. Gopal Swarup Pathak won the election to become the fourth Vice-President of India. The election was occurred since the sitting VP, Varahagiri Venkata Giri resigned to contest the presidential election after the death of incumbent President Zakir Husain.
There were 6 contesting candidates and the counting of votes was taken up immediately after the conclusion of the poll. The result was declared after the first round of counting of first preference votes. Pathak declared elected after getting 400 first preference votes.
FrameForge Storyboard Studio (formerly FrameForge Previz Studio) is previsualization storyboard software used by directors, cinematographers, VFX Supervisor and other creatives in the fields of filmmaking, television production, filmed advertising, industrial videos and other filmed or video content.
It also won a Lumiere Award from the Advanced Imaging Society (previously the International 3D Society) for the program's support of Stereo 3D filmmaking.
He moved to the Frenz United youth academy in the summer of 2014. He participated in the Frenz International Cup 2015 in which he gave an excellent performance by scoring 2 magnificent goals against Liverpool and 1 goal against Guangzhou Evergrande.
Reza Karimi moved to Gostaresh Foolad in summer 2015. He made his debut on 7 February 2016 against FC Mashhad, formerly known as Siah Jamegan Khorasan F.C.
The 1999 Coca-Cola 600, the 40th running of the event, was a NASCAR Winston Cup Series race held on May 30, 1999 at Lowe's Motor Speedway in Concord, North Carolina. Contested at 400 laps on the 1.5 mile (2.4 km) speedway, it was the twelfth race of the 1999 NASCAR Winston Cup Series season.
The race was won by Jeff Burton, driving the #99 Exide Batteries Ford Taurus for Roush Racing. It was his third victory of six he recorded during the 1999 season and his first of two wins in the Coca-Cola 600 (he later won the event in 2001). He also won a $1 million bonus from Winston as part of their No Bull 5 competition.
On 20 January 2017, the church was the venue for the funeral of Antony Armstrong-Jones, 1st Earl of Snowdon. He was buried in the churchyard where the family has a plot.
The Handle is the name of an electric guitar created by the award-winning designer Peter Solomon and produced by the company XOX Audio Tools.
The Handle is characterized by its hollow shell which construction favors direct transmission of acoustic vibrations and creates a resonance chamber similar to that of a semi-acoustic guitar.
The guitar won the "Good Design" 2006 award from Chicago Athenaeum Museum has been selected by the acclaimed ADI Design Index.
Bog spavin is a swelling of the tibiotarsal joint of the horse's hock which, in itself, does not cause lameness. The joint becomes distended by excess synovial fluid and/or thickened synovial tissue bringing about a soft, fluctuant swelling on the front of the joint, as well as in the medial and lateral plantar pouches.  Bog spavin is generally an indication of underlying pathology within the joint.
Many horses with bog spavin will not be lame. However, bog spavin can be a sign that the horse has joint disease, which is a very significant finding. Usually lameness will occur if the workload of the horse is increased. Bog spavin should not be treated lightly, and it is best to have a veterinarian examine the horse to find the cause, even if the horse does not appear lame.
Unlike bone spavin, bog spavin does not show any changes to the bone itself. For this reason it is considered to be of no interest to those studying animal paleopathology (Baker and Brothwell, 1980).
DSCAM and Dscam are both abbreviations for Down syndrome cell adhesion molecule. In humans, DSCAM refers to a gene that encodes one of several protein isoforms.
Down syndrome (DS), caused by trisomy 21, is the most common birth defect associated with intellectual disability. DSCAM plays a crucial role in the development of DS: it is expressed in the developing nervous system, with the highest level of expression occurring in the fetal brain. When over-expressed in the developing fetal central nervous system, it leads to Down syndrome.
DSCAM was first identified in an effort to characterize proteins located within human chromosome band 21q22, a region known to play a critical role in Down syndrome. The name Down syndrome cell adhesion molecule was chosen for a combination of reasons including: 1) chromosomal location, 2) its appropriate (normal) expression in developing neural tissue, and 3) its structure as an Ig receptor related to other cell adhesion molecules (CAMs).
Another DSCAM-like gene, DSCAML1, is located on chromosome band 11q23, a locus associated with Gilles de la Tourette and Jacobsen syndromes.
Comparing the homology between genes and their products, is fundamental in understanding the phylogenetic relationship across the evolutionary pathway. In addition to the thousands of isoforms that can be populated from a single DSCAM of one species, DSCAM also demonstrates a diverse array of homology across species. Below are the genes, mRNA transcripts, and proteins identified as homologs of Down syndrome adhesion molecule.
Like many neuronal receptors, Dscam proteins have multiple functions, with repulsive and attractive roles that are dependent on the type of ligand that they interact with.
Self-avoidance is a mechanism where the neuronal processes from the cell repel each other during arborization and axon branching to avoid fasciculation and clumping. Self-avoidance is necessary to prevent extensive overlapping in the arborization pattern and to facilitate the coverage of the neuronal processes across different regions of the nervous system during development.
DSCAM is recognized to be involved in this process in both vertebrates and invertebrates during neural development. Cell aggregation assays show that cell adhesion molecules, such as DSCAM, belonging to the immunoglobulin superfamily bind homophilically and specifically. These molecules also appear to have a role in chemoattraction and repulsion.
Vlasina Okruglica is a village in the municipality of Surdulica, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 163 people.
WFUNA is an international non-governmental organization with Consultative Status at the United Nations Economic and Social Council (ECOSOC) and consultative or liaison links with many other UN organizations and agencies. As a Federation, its membership is made of 95 United Nations Associations (UNAs) in as many member states of the UN.
WFUNA is the largest non-profit organization with the mission of supporting the principles and purposes of the UN.
WFUNA was founded in Luxembourg on 2 August 1946 by 22 national United Nations Associations (UNAs). The Constitution they adopted proclaims that:
Believing that since wars begin in the minds of men, it is in the minds of men that the defenses of peace must be constructed, and
Believing that the peace must be founded, if it is not to fail, upon the intellectual and moral solidarity of all peoples,
 Have resolved to combine our efforts to form an association of the peoples to be known as the World Federation of United Nations Associations."
Over the years, UNAs have been established in more UN member-States especially as new countries were formed and joined the UN.
Eleanor Roosevelt was an active participant in WFUNA and one of the leading figures in its creation.
WFUNA helped promote "Security and Co-operation in Europe" (CSCE) by holding in 1967 the first conference on this topic. Other NGOs followed WFUNA's campaign which continued until 1975 when the Final Act was signed at Helsinki by 35 governments, including United States and Canada, establishing the CSCE process. Further campaigning led in 1994 to the CSCE process that consisted of a Biennial Review Conference being raised to a Permanent Organization (OSCE).
WFUNA, including its African UNA members, made significant contributions to the NGO campaign for the abolition of Apartheid. The 32nd General Assembly of the UN, in 1977, received a resolution from the 117th WFUNA Executive Committee meeting, which requested:
"The Security Council of the UN to give urgent consideration to the taking of immediate steps to ensure that no State, multinational or other body or person be allowed to provide South Africa or Rhodesia with any equipment, technology or production of nuclear weapons of any kind".
WFUNA facilitated high-level informal consultations on disarmament issues between key experts of the US and USSR during the Cold War. It organized a number of NGO Seminars on disarmament in cooperation with the UN, UNESCO and other NGOs.
During its history, WFUNA has served as a forum for global dialogues on development. Several suggestions, like the establishment of an Economic Commission for Africa, were first adopted at the WFUNA Plenary Assemblies and then endorsed by governments.
There are currently 92 UN Associations connecting hundreds of thousands of people to the United Nations. UNAs at the national level mainly play a role in:
A United Nations Association can only be recognized in a UN member-State and there can be only one in each UN member-State. All Associations are non-profit organizations, independent from one another. WFUNA is in charge of the coordination of the network and puts efforts in building the capacity of its existing members while trying to provide counseling to those groups willing to create new UNAs in member-State that don't have any.
The continent with the most UN associations is Europe immediately followed by Africa while South America has seen a rapid growth in numbers of UNAs in the last decade.
WFUNA is involved with the UN system since its inception and has been working with most Member States through its activities and through its member Associations. 
In 2020, WFUNA also resumed with the traditional creation of art posters to commemorate specific events starting with the 75th Anniversary of the United Nations and with idea of "fragile multilateralism" as  a leading message. 
Line 4 was one of a few Metro lines that was never extended beyond the Parisian city limits, though an initial extension towards La Vache-Noire was originally planned (but was never carried out). Nearly a century after the line's opening, construction of the Montrouge extension commenced, with the new Mairie de Montrouge station opening to passengers on 23 March 2013.
In 2018, 7,081,319 passengers passed through the metro station placing it in 45th position for usage of all 302 stations.
The Montrouge town hall, the belfry of Montrouge, which is a cultural and congress center, as well as the church of Saint-Jacques-le-Majeur are in the immediate vicinity of the station.
After the Nazis banned Jews from holding academic positions in Germany in 1933,  she moved to England and then to the United States where she worked for the Eastman Kodak Company.  Her main areas of research were photochemistry and reaction kinetics.
On April 7, 1933, the Law for the Restoration of the Professional Civil Service in Germany was passed, banning  Jews from holding public positions, including teaching positions. Along with nearly one-third of the University of Berlin's teaching staff and nearly half of its private lecturers, Kornfeld was deprived of her teaching license and any further possibility of employment in German academia.
Kornfeld was able to emigrate to England in 1933.  She apparently received some assistance from the Society for the Protection of Science and Learning (SPSL)  at the University of Birmingham.  The SPSL, which was initially known as the Academic Assistance Council, formed in London in 1933. Kornfeld was on the List of Displaced German Scholars compiled by the  SPSL and published in 1936.
Relocation, for younger women, was perhaps easier. Kornfeld was older and better established in her field in 1933. Even with positive recommendations from Max Bodenstein and physicist Friedrich Paschen, it was difficult for her to find a new position at her level and in her specialization. She initially resisted the idea of teaching at a women's college, or going into industrial research.
Village at Sunset is an oil painting created in 1884 by Vincent van Gogh. It is currently on display at Rijksmuseum in Amsterdam. 
The body of femur (or shaft of femur), is the almost cylindrical, long part of the femur. It is a little broader above than in the center, broadest and somewhat flattened from before backward below. It is slightly arched, so as to be convex in front, and concave behind, where it is strengthened by a prominent longitudinal ridge, the linea aspera.
The linea aspera is a prominent longitudinal ridge or crest, on the middle third of the bone, presenting a medial and a lateral lip, and a narrow rough, intermediate line.
The lateral ridge termed the gluteal tuberosity is very rough, and runs almost vertically upward to the base of the greater trochanter. It gives attachment to part of the gluteus maximus: its upper part is often elongated into a roughened crest, on which a more or less well-marked, rounded tubercle, the third trochanter, is occasionally developed.
The intermediate ridge or pectineal line is continued to the base of the lesser trochanter and gives attachment to the pectineus; the medial ridge is lost in the intertrochanteric line; between these two a portion of the iliacus is inserted.
Below, the linea aspera is prolonged into two ridges, enclosing between them a triangular area, the popliteal surface, upon which the popliteal artery rests.
Of these two ridges, the lateral is the more prominent, and descends to the summit of the lateral condyle.
It ends below at the summit of the medial condyle, in a small tubercle, the adductor tubercle, which affords insertion to the tendon of the adductor magnus.
From the medial lip of the linea aspera and its prolongations above and below, the vastus medialis arises; and from the lateral lip and its upward prolongation, the vastus lateralis takes origin.
The adductor magnus is inserted into the linea aspera, and to its lateral prolongation above, and its medial prolongation below.
Between the vastus lateralis and the adductor magnus two muscles are attached: the gluteus maximus inserted above, and the short head of the biceps femoris arising below.
Between the adductor magnus and the vastus medialis four muscles are inserted: the iliacus and pectineus above; the adductor brevis and adductor longus below.
The linea aspera is perforated a little below its center by the nutrient canal, which is directed obliquely upward.
The other two borders of the femur are only slightly marked: the lateral border extends from the antero-inferior angle of the greater trochanter to the anterior extremity of the lateral condyle; the medial border from the intertrochanteric line, at a point opposite the lesser trochanter, to the anterior extremity of the medial condyle.
The anterior surface includes that portion of the shaft which is situated between the lateral and medial borders.
From the upper three-fourths of this surface the vastus intermedius arises; the lower fourth is separated from the muscle by the intervention of the synovial membrane of the knee-joint and a bursa; from the upper part of it the articularis genus takes origin.
The lateral surface includes the portion between the lateral border and the linea aspera; it is continuous above with the corresponding surface of the greater trochanter, below with that of the lateral condyle: from its upper three-fourths the vastus intermedius takes origin.
The medial surface includes the portion between the medial border and the linea aspera; it is continuous above with the lower border of the neck, below with the medial side of the medial condyle: it is covered by the vastus medialis.
J. Buck's was a restaurant chain named after the Buck family of broadcasters, Jack Buck, Joe Buck, and Julie Buck. Established in 1999, J. Buck's operated 2 restaurants in Greater St. Louis, Missouri. The franchise closed on October 31, 2015.
J. Buck's had two locations in Missouri; one is St. Louis, and another in Clayton. Both closed on October 31, 2015.
J. Buck's introduced a new, expanded menu in January 2009 featuring salads, sandwiches, pizzas and entrees along with desserts and daily specials. 
This US-based restaurant or restaurant chain article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Pellegrini started his career in 1992 as a television writer, collaborating with RAI, Mediaset and MTV. After directing a short film (Biodegradabile, 1997) and several commercial shorts, in 1999 he made his feature film debut with the comedy film E allora mambo!, which got him a nomination for Silver Ribbon for Best Director.
This biographical article related to film in Italy is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
In thermodynamics a residual property is defined as the difference between a real gas property and an ideal gas property, both considered at the same pressure, temperature, and composition.
The Story of Ivy is a 1927 melodramatic novel by the British writer Marie Belloc Lowndes. It portrays Ivy Jervis, a beautiful but ambitious young woman whose frustrations with her impoverished husband push her to murder him, and let the blame fall on another.
A 19 November 1927 review in The Spectator commented "This is one of Mrs. Lowndes's best stories. It has a strong vein of mystery and sensation, and yet gives us a variety of true characterization and some shrewd commentary on modern life."
In 1947 the story served as the basis for a film Ivy directed Sam Wood and starring Joan Fontaine in the title role. The production is a costume film set during the Edwardian Era and with some changes from the original plot to conform to the requirements of the production code.
See guidelines for writing about novels. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.
Scott Michael Sanderson (born July 25, 1974) is a former American football offensive lineman. He played college football at Washington State University in Pullman, where he was an All-American in 1996 under head coach Mike Price. Sanderson was selected in the third round of the 1997 NFL Draft by the Tennessee Oilers, and appeared mostly on special teams. He later played for the New Orleans Saints and Chicago Bears.
This biographical article relating to an American football offensive lineman born in the 1970s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Mega reviewer Andy Dyer wrote that "it took me longer to write this 400-word review than it did to finish the game".
Coelocnemis is a genus of darkling beetles in the family Tenebrionidae. There are about seven described species in Coelocnemis, found mainly in western Canada, western United States, and Mexico.
Princesses is an American television sitcom that aired on CBS from September 27 to October 25, 1991. The series was produced by Universal Television and lasted five episodes. The series theme song, "Someday My Prince Will Come" (from Disney's animated film Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs), was written by Frank Churchill and Larry Morey, and was performed by The Roches.
The idea of the three being roommates in the same apartment was by accident, thanks to the apartment's owner Tony, who promised Tracy and Georgy the use of the rent-free building without telling either one who would use it or to whom he had loaned it.
Shortly after the cancellation, an accidental meeting gave Drescher a chance to pitch a new television series to Sagansky, and she came up with her hit show The Nanny. In fact, Drescher developed the idea for The Nanny while visiting with Princesses co-star Twiggy and her family in England, and modeled the character of Maxwell Sheffield on Twiggy's husband Leigh Lawson.
The show ended up ranking 118th out of 132 shows that season, averaging only a 6.3 household rating.
It was located on the northeast corner of the Postplatz (post office square) in the old town before it was severely damaged in the Dresden bombing in 1945 and subsequently destroyed in 1962 by the party and government of the GDR. It was the only Gothic church in the city.
The Franciscan Friary stood empty for decades before it was restored in 1610 by Sophie of Brandenburg and reopened as a Lutheran church dedicated to Saint Sofia in her honour. In 1737 it became the (Evangelical Lutheran) Hofkirche (court church) of the Electorate of Saxony (not to be confused with the Roman Catholic Hofkirche the Elector began building at the same time).
Between the years 1718 and 1720 famed pipe organ maker Gottfried Silbermann installed one of the only 50 organs he completed, known for their clear meantone temperament.  Johann Sebastian Bach is known to have played concerts on the instrument in 1725 and 1747.[citation needed]
In 1933 the towers were simplified (gothic elements were removed and the spires covered in copper) because they had been deteriorating and were becoming dangerous. This was intended as a temporary solution before restoring the neogothic details later.
In the bombing of Dresden in February 1945 the Sophienkirche was gutted by fire and the Silbermann organ completely destroyed. The ceiling and walls remained intact until 1946 when the vaulted ceiling, without the support of the internal columns destroyed by the fire, collapsed leaving only the south spires standing.  These were then intentionally destroyed in 1950 to recover the copper for the Kreuzkirche.
Beginning in 2009 a monument incorporating original fragments of the Busmann chapel has been built in the chapel's original position as a memorial to the Sophienkirche and a reminder of the horrors of war and the misuse of power by dictators.  It is intended to enclose the memorial in a glass cube so that it can be used for exhibitions.
The Ministry of Tourism was created on December 24, 1986, in article No. 83 of Law No. 15,851, promulgated that day. It included the national tourism policy; the promotion of tourism industries; the regime, coordination and control of tourism; the promotion of tourism to the country and within it; tourist infrastructure, promotion, regime and registration of tourism service providers.
Matt Prime is a multi-award winning, multi-platinum selling English songwriter and record producer based in the UK.
Prime grew up in Somerset and studied music at university in London.  After graduating he secured a publishing deal with Sony/ATV and has since written over fifteen Top 10 hit singles, five Top 5 UK singles and a US Billboard Chart #1 single. His writing and production credits include: Sam Smith, Charlie Puth, Aloe Blacc, Trey Songz, Jason Derulo, CeeLo Green, Jake Bugg, Kylie Minogue, Maverick Sabre, JP Cooper, James Blunt, The Vamps, Olly Murs, Eliza Doolittle and more.
The Bait al-Hikmah as a Central Library and Center for Academic Research possesses all requisite modern library equipment and facilities as well as a qualified staff. It is used by students, faculties, researchers, scholars and freelancers nationally and internationally. The library is fully computerised.
 Hakim Said collected significant Islamic manuscripts from around the world and gave them to the Bait al-Hikmah. The Manuscripts section of Bait al-Hikmah library houses old and rare, centuries-old hand-written manuscripts of the Quran. The periodical section has 2,255 Journals (current), and about 28,010 bound volumes of journals (back issues). The clipping section has more than 3.68 million clippings on over 1,300 subjects.
At present Bait al-Hikmah Library has more than 477 thousand books, 1,700+ manuscripts and more than three-and-a-half million clippings.
This is an inclusive list of science fiction television programs whose names begin with the letter J.
A building, or edifice, is a structure with a roof and walls standing more or less permanently in one place, such as a house or factory. Buildings come in a variety of sizes, shapes, and functions, and have been adapted throughout history for a wide number of factors, from building materials available, to weather conditions, land prices, ground conditions, specific uses, and aesthetic reasons. To better understand the term building compare the list of nonbuilding structures.
Ever since the first cave paintings, buildings have also become objects or canvasses of much artistic expression. In recent years, interest in sustainable planning and building practices has also become an intentional part of the design process of many new buildings and other structures.
Structural height in technical usage is the height to the highest architectural detail on building from street-level. Depending on how they are classified, spires and masts may or may not be included in this height. Spires and masts used as antennas are not generally included. The definition of a low-rise vs. a high-rise building is a matter of debate, but generally three storeys or less is considered low-rise.
There is clear evidence of homebuilding from around 18,000 BC. Buildings became common during the Neolithic (see Neolithic architecture).
Building types may range from huts to multimillion-dollar high-rise apartment blocks able to house thousands of people. Increasing settlement density in buildings (and smaller distances between buildings) is usually a response to high ground prices resulting from many people wanting to live close to work or similar attractors. Other common building materials are brick, concrete or combinations of either of these with stone.
Historically many people lived in communal buildings called longhouses, smaller dwellings called pit-houses and houses combined with barns sometimes called housebarns.
Buildings are defined to be substantial, permanent structures so other dwelling forms such as houseboats, yurts, and motorhomes are dwellings but not buildings.
The practice of designing, constructing, and operating buildings is most usually a collective effort of different groups of professionals and trades. Depending on the size, complexity, and purpose of a particular building project, the project team may include:
Regardless of their size or intended use, all buildings in the US must comply with zoning ordinances, building codes and other regulations such as fire codes, life safety codes and related standards.
Any building requires a certain general amount of internal infrastructure to function, which includes such elements like heating / cooling, power and telecommunications, water and wastewater etc. Especially in commercial buildings (such as offices or factories), these can be extremely intricate systems taking up large amounts of space (sometimes located in separate areas or double floors / false ceilings) and constitute a big part of the regular maintenance required.
Buildings may be damaged during the construction of the building or during maintenance. There are several other reasons behind building damage like accidents such as storms, explosions, subsidence caused by mining, water withdrawal or poor foundations and landslides. Buildings also may suffer from fire damage and flooding in special circumstances. They may also become dilapidated through lack of proper maintenance or alteration work improperly carried out.
After initially failing to secure a berth in the FIBA World Olympic Qualifying Tournament (OQT) by virtue of FIBA rankings in September 2019, the Philippines was given a new chance to qualify for the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo in February 2021. The team was given a berth in the OQT in Belgrade, Serbia after New Zealand's withdrawal. However the Philippines failed to qualify for the Olympics, losing games to Serbia and the Dominican Republic.
The team also participated at the 2021 King Abdullah Cup in Jordan as part of their preparations for the FIBA Asia Cup. However the FIBA Asia Cup was postponed by a year. Similarly the Philippines plans to field a basketball team at the 2021 Southeast Asian Games in Vietnam, but the multi-sporting event was likewise postponed to 2022.
The following was the roster of the Philippines national team for the third window of the 2021 FIBA Asia Cup qualification.
The following was the roster of the Philippines national team for the 2020 FIBA Men's Olympic Qualifying Tournament in Belgrade.
Because of the unusual chemical structure and its potential biological activity, there has been research aimed at its total synthesis.
Schanker was a radical among radicals. His "conglomerations of color-patches, among other things", wrote the sympathetic art critic Emily Genauer in 1935, "are bound to alienate no small part of the gallery-going public." However, the work proved popular in the New York art scene.
By 1937, even the often hostile New York Times art critic Edward Alden Jewell softened to the artist. When speaking of Schanker's major WPA mural at the municipal building studios of WNYC in New York, Jewell noted that Schanker had "a touch of lyric feeling".  In 1938, Art News declared that "Louis Schanker's delightful Street Scene From My Window calls forth admiration for its delicacy of color and kaleidoscopic forms in plane geometry."
Though much of my work is generally classified as abstract, all of my work develops from natural forms. I have great respect for the forms of nature and an inherent need to express myself in relation to those forms.
Schanker moved into teaching, first at the New School for Social Research and then, from 1949 until his retirement, at Bard College. The January 1955 Life Magazine article "Comeback of an Art", describes him as "one of the earliest U.S.woodcut artists to do abstractions, Schanker since has trained or influenced a generation of talented younger artists."
He was one of the major printmakers of the 1930s. He continued to be an active part of the New York art scene with many group and solo exhibitions including two shows (1943 and 1974,) at the Brooklyn Museum and a 1978 retrospective at the Associated American Artists. Just a few blocks from the hospital where he died in 1981 the Martin Diamond Gallery was holding a major show of his oils, sculpture and prints and his work was on exhibit at the Whitney Museum of American Art.
Schanker's has remained popular and there is still continuing interest in his works. In 1989, summing up Schanker's career for a book on American abstraction, Virginia Mecklenburg wrote of "an animated expressionism that aims at a fundamental emotional structure".
In December 1960, Schanker married socialite Libby Holman. It was his second marriage. They remained together until her death in 1971.
Schanker died on May 7, 1981 at the Lenox Hill Hospital, after previously suffering a stroke. He was 78 years old.
Utkala Kingdom was located in the northern and eastern portion of the modern-day Indian state of Odisha and also included the districts of Bankura, Purulia and Midnapore districts of West Bengal. This kingdom was mentioned in the epic Mahabharata, with the names Utkala, Utpala, and Okkal. It is mentioned in India's national anthem, Jana Gana Mana.
The Dasarnas, the Mekalas (a kingdom to the west of Utkala) and the Utkalas were mentioned as kingdoms of Bharata Varsha (Ancient India) (6:9). Utkalas were mentioned as taking part in the Kurukshetra War siding with the Kauravas. Many Mekalas, Utkalas, Kalingas, Nishadas, and Tamraliptakas, advanced against Nakula, showering their shafts and lances, desirous of slaying him (8:22).
The Utpalas, the Mekalas, the Paundras, the Kalingas, the Andhras, the Nishadas, the Trigartas, and the Valhikas, were all vanquished by Karna (7:4).
The administrative divisions of Hunan, a province of the People's Republic of China, consists of prefecture-level divisions subdivided into county-level divisions then subdivided into township-level divisions.
All of these administrative divisions are explained in greater detail at Administrative divisions of the People's Republic of China. This chart lists only prefecture-level and county-level divisions of Hunan.
Ingrid Pahlmann (born 1 December 1957) is a German politician of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) who has served as a member of the Bundestag from the state of Lower Saxony from 2013 till 2017 and again since 2019.
This biography article about a member of the Christian Democratic Union of Germany (CDU) is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The organization of the Rio 2007 Games has chosen the figure of the Sun to represent the event. And, in a decision never taken before, it has defined it as the single mascot of the Pan American and Parapan American Games, such as the Brazilian expression, that the "Sol Brilha para Todos" (The sun shines for everyone), reinforcing thus the principles against prejudice and that, like the sun, sport is for all.
Traditionally used in large sport events, the mascot figure serves the purpose of cheering the event, enforcing the playful aspect of sports and captivating spectators and athletes. The mascot's main choice is to transmit messages of peace, respect to the environment, friendship and brotherhood, which are intrinsic values to the Olympic Movement.
For the 2007 Games Futsal was added to the program for the first (and as of 2011 only time) while racquetball and basque pelota were dropped.
Cubot is a brand of Android smartphones manufactured in China by Shenzhen Huafurui Technology Co., Ltd. The company is based in Shenzhen and was founded in 2012.
In February 2016, Cubot and Cheetah Mobile launched the CheetahPhone, an Android 6.0 Marshmallow based smartphone, at MWC in Barcelona, Spain.
In 2016, Cubot and Kilimall launched the Cubot Note S, which includes an eight megapixel primary camera. The secondary camera is five megapixels. The 5.5" scratch resistant screen comes with an extra layer of security in the form of a protector. It has a high definition resolution of 720p. The device has a mono speaker and a 3.5mm jack. The device has 16 gigabytes of internal storage, expandable to 64 gigabytes.
Henk Grim (born 1 April 1962) is a Dutch former professional footballer who played for De Treffers, NEC, Den Bosch and AZ, as a striker. After retiring as a player, he later worked as a scout, working at NEC between 1997 and 2012, rising to become head scout. He became head scout at De Treffers in 2015, combining that position with a role at German club FC St. Pauli.
This biographical article related to association football in the Netherlands, about a forward, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
"Forever" is the second single by the band Sturm und Drang. It was only released as a radio promo, and there was no music video for it. The band recorded another version of it, featuring Udo Dirkschneider on backing vocals. It charted at number 9 in Finland.[citation needed]
"Wolves" is a song by American rapper Big Sean featuring American rapper and singer Post Malone. It was sent to rhythmic contemporary radio on September 19, 2020, as the second single from Sean's fifth studio album Detroit 2 (2020). The song was produced by Take A Daytrip, with additional production from Teddy Walton and Samuel Bonhart. It also features additional vocals from American rapper ASAP Rocky.
Post Malone heard it early. I ran into him at a restaurant, and we were kicking it. It was like a mutual-respect-type of exchange. We were both working, so I'm like, "I got this song. See what you think." When I sent it to him he was like, "Man, this is incredible. I have to, let's do it." A$AP Rocky is on there too, at the very beginning just doing some ad-libs.
Big Sean also revealed in that interview that ASAP Rocky originally had a verse on the song, but it was moved to another song on Detroit 2.
The official music video was released on November 20, 2020. It features a cameo from Big Sean's mother, Myra Anderson. Sean and Post Malone "trade haunting verses in a sleek white warehouse", and also in front of a big red circle resembling a super blood wolf moon.
In September 2017, Embley was placed at number 79 on commentator Iain Dale's list of 'The 100 Most Influential People on the Left'.
Archpriest of Santa Prassede, Laurentius was elected pope on 22 November 498, in opposition to Pope Symmachus, by a dissenting faction. If Theodore Lector can be trusted, he was picked by the former consul Rufius Postumius Festus as a candidate; Festus had secretly promised the Byzantine Emperor Anastasius that Pope Anastasius II would approve the Henotikon, but upon returning from Constantinople he found the Pope had died.
Once news of Theodoric's decision reached Rome, Laurentius retired from the city to one of Festus's estates, according to the "Laurentian Fragment", because "he did not want the city to be troubled by daily strife", where he fasted constantly until his death.
Colin Anthony "Topper" Carew (born July 16, 1943) is an American film director, screenwriter and producer. He is best known for such films as Talkin' Dirty After Dark and D.C. Cab.  He is also the creator of such television series as Martin.
This article about a television writer from the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Shehadeh grew up in a Christian Arab family in Nazareth. He gained a BA in economic and international relations at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem in 1995, an MA in political science from the University of Haifa, and a PhD in the same subject at the Hebrew University. He worked as a researcher at Mada al-Carmel and became a member of the High Follow-Up Committee for Arab Citizens.
The discography of Lorie, a French pop singer, consists of five studio albums, one compilation album, three live albums and eighteen singles. Throughout her singing career, Lorie has obtained success in France, Canada and Francophone Belgium.
The deviation between the measurements in all inertial frames is given by the formulas for Lorentz transformation and time dilation (see Derivation). It turns out that the proper length remains unchanged and always denotes the greatest length of an object, and the length of the same object measured in another inertial reference frame is shorter than the proper length. This contraction only occurs along the line of motion, and can be represented by the relation
In this equation both L and L0 are measured parallel to the object's line of movement. For the observer in relative movement, the length of the object is measured by subtracting the simultaneously measured distances of both ends of the object. For more general conversions, see the Lorentz transformations. An observer at rest observing an object travelling very close to the speed of light would observe the length of the object in the direction of motion as very near zero.
Magnetic forces are caused by relativistic contraction when electrons are moving relative to atomic nuclei. The magnetic force on a moving charge next to a current-carrying wire is a result of relativistic motion between electrons and protons.
This effect also applies to magnetic particles without current, with current being replaced with electron spin.[citation needed]
The author unjustifiably stated a difference of Lorentz's view and that of mine concerning the physical facts. The question as to whether length contraction really exists or not is misleading. It doesn't "really" exist, in so far as it doesn't exist for a comoving observer; though it "really" exists, i.e. in such a way that it could be demonstrated in principle by physical means by a non-comoving observer.
Due to superficial application of the contraction formula some paradoxes can occur. Examples are the ladder paradox and Bell's spaceship paradox. However, those paradoxes can be solved by a correct application of relativity of simultaneity. Another famous paradox is the Ehrenfest paradox, which proves that the concept of rigid bodies is not compatible with relativity, reducing the applicability of Born rigidity, and showing that for a co-rotating observer the geometry is in fact non-Euclidean.
According to the relativity principle, objects that are at rest in S have to be contracted in S' as well. By exchanging the above signs and primes symmetrically, it follows:
Conversely, if the object rests in S and its proper length is known, the simultaneity of the measurements at the object's endpoints has to be considered in another frame S', as the object constantly changes its position there. Therefore, both spatial and temporal coordinates must be transformed:
Length contraction can also be derived from time dilation, according to which the rate of a single "moving" clock (indicating its proper time      T  0     {\displaystyle T_{0}}  ) is lower with respect to two synchronized "resting" clocks (indicating     T   {\displaystyle T}  ). Time dilation was experimentally confirmed multiple times, and is represented by the relation:
Additional geometrical considerations show, that length contraction can be regarded as a trigonometric phenomenon, with analogy to  parallel slices through a cuboid before and after a rotation in E3 (see left half figure at the right).  This is the Euclidean analog of boosting a cuboid in E1,2.  In the latter case, however, we can interpret the boosted cuboid as the world slab of a moving plate.
King Haakon VII's Freedom Cross (Norwegian: Haakon VIIs Frihetskors) was established in Norway on 18 May 1945. The medal is awarded to Norwegian or foreign military or civilian personnel for outstanding achievement during war.  It is ranked fifth in the order of precedence in the Norwegian honours system.
Captiva Pass is the strait that separates North Captiva Island from La Costa Island in Lee County, Florida.
Macbeth is a 1987 French film of Verdi's opera  Macbeth (libretto by Francesco Maria Piave based on Shakespeare's play) Directed by Claude d'Anna, it was screened out of competition at the 1987 Cannes Film Festival.
This article related to a French film of the 1980s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about a railway station in North Rhine Westphalia is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The list is arranged by drainage basin from north to south, with respective tributaries indented under each larger stream's name and ordered from downstream to upstream. All rivers in Sergipe drain to the Atlantic Ocean.
Perley Dunn Aldrich (November 6, 1863 - November 20, 1933) was a vocal teacher, composer and conductor.
He was born on November 6, 1863, in Blackstone, Massachusetts. He married Jennie L. Lamson in 1887. He died on November 20, 1933, at age 70. He was buried in Elmwood Cemetery in Adams, New York.
In April 1970, the Postmaster General (PMG) at the time commissioned the Commonwealth Department of Housing and Construction to carry out a feasibility study in relation to a tower on Black Mountain accommodating both communication services and facilities for visitors. The tower was to replace the microwave relay station on Red Hill and the television broadcast masts already on Black Mountain.
Design of the tower was the responsibility of the Department of Housing and Construction, however a conflict arose with the National Capital Development Commission which, at the time, had complete control over planning within the Australian Capital Territory.
Black Mountain Tower was opened on 15 May 1980 by Prime Minister Malcolm Fraser. It was officially named Telecom Tower, and when the telecommunications company was rebranded in 1993, became Telstra Tower.
Prior to the construction of the tower, CTC-TV (now called Southern Cross 10) had its studios located at the top of Black Mountain until new studios were constructed in Watson in 1974. Also located on the top were two guy-wired masts, one for CTC-TV channel 7 and the other one for the local ABC TV station broadcasting on channel 3. These were demolished in 1980 after the tower had opened.
The viewing platforms provide 360 degree views of Canberra and the surrounding city and countryside. Visitors to Telstra Tower can see the city unfold from the enclosed viewing gallery or from the two open viewing platforms. The tower is open from 9.00 am to 10.00 pm every day. Besides the telecommunications facilities the tower includes also a souvenir shop, a relaxing coffee lounge.
Telstra Tower has become one of the most symbolic landmarks in Canberra and a major tourist attraction with a total of over six million visitors. In 1989 the World Federation of Great Towers invited the tower to join such distinguished monuments as the CN Tower in Toronto, Blackpool Tower in England and the Empire State Building in New York City.
Telstra Tower is one of the most visually imposing structures on the Canberra skyline, visible from many parts of Canberra and Queanbeyan.
Destroyed and rebuilt in 1934, the Naka-za became the most major theatre in the city, surpassing the Naniwa-za, but was destroyed along with most of the rest of the city in the 1945 Allied bombing of Osaka in World War II.
The West Indies women's cricket team is a multi-national cricket team that represents the West Indies (Antigua and Barbuda, Barbados, Dominica, Grenada, Guyana, Jamaica, Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Trinidad and Tobago, parts of Saint Kitts and Nevis, Montserrat, British Virgin Islands, Sint Maarten and the US Virgin Islands).
The list comprises all members of the West Indies women's cricket team who have played at least one Twenty20 international match.
The Grand Hotel, at 306 W. Coal Ave. in Gallup, New Mexico, was built in 1925.  It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
The hotel went out of business around 1980, and it has also operated as "Ricca's Mercantile", a store.
This article about a property in New Mexico on the National Register of Historic Places is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This plant is native to the Americas, where its natural range extends from Mexico to Argentina, and includes parts of the Caribbean. It has been widely introduced outside of this range, and it is cultivated in some places. It is naturalized in parts of India.
The plant grows best on sunny sites with moist, fertile soils, but it is tolerant of a wide range of conditions and can grow in disturbed areas and in bad soils. It does not tolerate salinity or flooded substrates. In Brazil it is most common in coastal areas.
The pulp of the fruit is said to have a tart, strawberry-like taste. It has also been described as bitter. Different varieties have different tastes, and some are sweet enough to eat as raw fruit. They make good fruit preserves.
This species has been crossed with its relative, the common guava. The resulting fruits are small, but numerous.
The wood of the plant is hard and sturdy and can be used as lumber and to make durable objects like tool handles. The bark has tannin and can be used in tanning.
There are a few medicinal uses for the plant. Extracts of the bark and roots are used to treat diarrhea in Brazil. Extracts of the leaves are used to ease the common cold in Costa Rica. Laboratory studies show that extracts have some activity against methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus, particularly when combined with antibiotics. Flavonoids identified in the plant include quercetin, avicularin, and guaijaverin.
This article about a location in the Yukon-Koyukuk Census Area, Alaska is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This Passaic County, New Jersey state location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
John Reagan (born August 5, 1946) is an American politician who has served in the New Hampshire Senate from the 17th district since 2012. He previously served in the New Hampshire House of Representatives from the Rockingham 1 district from 2006 to 2012.
Reaganmade vulgar comments to fellow Senator Sharon Carson during an early 2021 Zoom Call. Carson, a fellow Republican from Londonderry, was leading the meeting of the Executive Departments and Administration Committee when she briefly paused the committee's work. Unaware he was unmuted during the remote hearing Wednesday, Reagan called Carson a bitch, after saying, "Nobody else can do anything, right?"
Group B of the men's football tournament at the 2012 Summer Olympics took place from 26 July to 1 August 2012 in Cardiff's Millennium Stadium, Coventry's City of Coventry Stadium, London's Wembley Stadium and Newcastle's St James' Park. The group contained Senegal, Mexico, South Korea and Switzerland.
Assistant referees: Bechir Hassani (Tunisia) Sherif Hassan (Egypt) Fourth official: Juan Soto (Venezuela)
Assistant referees: Matthew Cream (Australia) Hakan Anaz (Australia) Fourth official: Ravshan Irmatov (Uzbekistan)
Assistant referees: Abdukhamidullo Rasulov (Uzbekistan) Bakhadyr Kochkarov (Kyrgyzstan) Fourth official: Gianluca Rocchi (Italy)
This is a list of Tajik League winter transfers for the 2012 season, by club. Thirteen clubs participated. Shodmon Ghissar quit the league before the start of the competition.[citation needed]
In:  Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Out:  Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
In:  Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Out:  Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
In:  Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Out:  Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
In:  Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Out:  Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
In:  Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Out:  Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
In:  Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Out:  Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
In:  Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Out:  Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
In:  Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Out:  Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
In:  Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Out:  Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
In:  Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Out:  Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
In:  Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Out:  Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
In:  Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Out:  Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
In:  Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Out:  Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
The PFF National Challenge Cup is an annual semi-professional knockout football competition in men's domestic Pakistani football within the Pakistan football league system. It is organized by and named after Pakistan Football Federation. Pakistan Army are the current champions of the National Challenge Cup, winning the 2019 National Challenge Cup, thus winning the competition for a third time.
Since its establishment, the National Challenge Cup has been won by 14 different teams. Teams shown in italics are no longer in existence.
Lamptey is a native of Jamestown, Accra. He was born in Accra on 3 June 1932 to Maa Kowa and Akwete Aku. He had his secondary education at the Accra Academy from 1948 to 1951 and continued at Achimota College for his Higher School Certificate. He later proceeded to the United Kingdom to pursue further studies at the University of Durham from 1955 to 1958. He had his solicitor's education in Newcastle upon Tyne completing in 1961 and returning to Ghana that same year.
Born at Presteign in Radnorshire, on 4 May 1822, he was fourth son in a family of ten children of Thomas Phillips and Elizabeth, daughter of James Cross. After receiving some education at a school at Presteign, Phillips was apprenticed to his elder brother James, a tailor, in High Street, Shrewsbury, with whom and another brother, Edward, he went in due course into partnership. In 1859 he joined the Shrewsbury volunteers, and became a colour-sergeant.
Phillips was elected a fellow of the Linnean Society in 1875, and was fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London. He became a borough magistrate in 1886, and was presented with the freedom of the borough on 17 August 1903. He died of heart-disease at his residence in Canonbury, Shrewsbury, on 23 October 1905, aged 83, and was buried in the general cemetery in Longden Road, Shrewsbury.
In 1878 Phillips published a Guide to the Botany of Shrewsbury, and before his death completed for the Victoria County History an account of the botany of the county. In 1887 he published his major work, A Manual of the British Discomycetes, in the International Scientific series (with twelve plates drawn by himself).
In 1896 Phillips, a Methodist and at one time a local preacher, published Early Methodism in Shropshire.
Phillips married in 1846 Sarah Ann, daughter of Thomas Hitchins of Shrewsbury, who died in 1895. Two sons and two daughters survived him.
Phillips was involved in the conversion of the Shrewsbury Free School buildings into Shrewsbury Library (from 1882), and he became its curator of botany. Manuscript volumes by him on antiquarian subjects were preserved there. His botanical manuscripts and drawings, including his correspondence with botanists at home and abroad, were purchased at his death for the botanical department of the British Museum.
Houck was born in Smyth County, Virginia on September 11, 1950. He attended the local public schools and graduated from Marion Senior High School. He then attended Wytheville Community College, then Concord University and received his bachelor's degree. He also earned a master's degree in Education from the University of Virginia.
He married Dana Kee Blankenship, and is a member of Christ Episcopal Church. Their son Todd died in 2015. Their daughter Greta died in 2012.
Houck chose a career in education, rising to become the supervisor of special and vocational education in the Fredericksburg city schools before voters elected him in 1983 to the Virginia State Senate.
Houck also served on the board of directors of the University of Virginia School of Education Foundation, and the University's Continuing Education Advisory Council, as well as the Virginia High School League Northern Virginia 4-H Educational Center, the Spotsylvania 4-H, V-QUEST, and as chancellor of the Ruritan Club and once president of Pi Kappa Alpha. He was also active in the Izaak Walton League, the Fredericksburg Area Chamber of Commerce and Phi Delta Kappa.
On November 8, 2011, Republican Bryce Reeves defeated incumbent Democrat Houck by a margin of 226 votes in his attempt, and was re-elected by a larger margin against Democrat Ned Galloway in 2015.
The following is a list of characters that first appeared in the New Zealand soap opera Shortland Street in 1998, by order of first appearance.
Mark Shawn was the paramedic who replaced Donna Heka (Stephanie Tauevihi) as Rangi's (Blair Strang) ambulance partner. A few weeks after Mark's arrival, several homes in the area began to get broken into and several elderly women were badly beaten. The evidence pointed to Rangi and he fled. However Donna soon discovered the real culprit was Mark and he was arrested.
In 2012 Park announced her intention to eventually return to the soap, so as to clear Mackenzie's villainous name. She stated, "what did she ever do that was so bad? So she got rid of Oscar Henry, big deal. Heck, she was doing the world a favour. That guy was one bad egg."
Oscar Henry was the manipulative and controlling replacement business manager for Jenny Harrison (Maggie Harper). Oscar was portrayed by Christopher Brown and most famous for his rape of Minnie Crozier (Katrina Devine).
Music of Hawaii is a compilation album containing five 78rpm records of Hawaiian music issued by Decca Records.
The first album issued by Decca Records, probably in 1938, was Moussorgsky Songs by Vladimir Rosing, on catalogue number A-1.  Another early concept album was Music of Hawaii and eight songs were recorded for this in 1938. Possibly to boost its commercial appeal, two Hawaiian songs by Bing Crosby, which had been recorded two years earlier, were added to the album.
The 2018 Estonian Football Winter Tournament or the 2018 EJL Jalgpallihalli Turniir is the fifth edition of the annual tournament in Estonia.  This tournament is divided into five groups of 6 teams.
Michael Faulds (born November 11, 1983) is a former Canadian football quarterback and the current head coach for the Wilfrid Laurier Golden Hawks football team. After serving three years as the offensive coordinator for the York Lions, he was hired as head coach for Wilfrid Laurier on January 8, 2013.
An unusual aspect of Spetses is that no private automobiles are allowed within the town limits. The most common modes of transport are walking, horse-drawn carriages, bicycles, mopeds, and motorcycles. Only taxis and delivery vehicles are allowed in the downtown area. Ferries and high-speed hydrofoils arrive regularly from the Athenian port of Piraeus.
After the collapse of the State of Lerna, Spetses suffered a period of decline. Artefacts in the areas of Saint Marina and Saint Anargyroi are characteristic of the existing settlements belonging the late Mycenaean period; the 12th to 13th century BC. At the time of the Peloponnesian War, stone observatories were built at the sites of Prophet Elias and Zogeria.
Mention of the island of Spetses was made both by Strabo in the 1st century BC and Pausanias in the 2nd century AD, referring to the island as Pitiousa. The raid by the Goths in the Eastern Roman empire caused a wave of refugees to flee to Spetses, resulting in the re-settlement of the island. They were concentrated in the Old Port, which became one of the three largest cities of Argolis (including Argos and Hermione).
In the 15th century, the Venetians, who had ruled the island since 1220, named it Spezia ("Spice") for its position on a major traderoute that dealt in spices. Over time the name was Hellenised to Spetsai (Spetse/Spetses).
After the re-occupation of Spetses, the settlement began to expand beyond the Kastelli region. This growth stimulated a corresponding increase in the maritime economic activities of the island.
Several ships have been named after the island, including modern Hydra class frigate F 453 Spetsai, the World War 2-era Greek destroyer Spetsai (D 98), and the historic Greek battleship Spetsai.
Package tours to Spetses declined and eventually ceased during the 1990s. In the early 21st century, the island's holiday clientele is of a higher economic class and largely Greek.
The main Athenian tourist season lasts for only two months of the year, although most hotels and restaurants are open from Easter until October.[citation needed] Efforts are being made by officials to extend the season, by adding major events to attract visitors:
In September 2013, Dr Marina Lyda Coutarelli, President of the Organizing Committee and CEO of Communication Lab, was named "Honorary Citizen" of Spetses island. She was honored for her work and effort, with regard to the island's development.[citation needed]
In the early 21st century, there was a distinct shift away from package tourism on Spetses and the island once again became fashionable among  wealthier Greeks.[citation needed] Nowadays, the majority of visitors are Greek or independent travellers from around the world. Whilst it is still possible to find traditional lower cost rooms to rent and tavernas to eat in on the island there are now many higher priced restaurants and 'boutique' hotels around the town.
According to general descriptions, the battle consisted in distant and ineffectual cannonade between the two fleets. An Algerian brig was damaged by fire, having boarded by mistake a Greek fireship.
Spetses is one of nine European cities that participates in the European Network of Historical Reconstructions (Brussels, Belgium; Dublin and Cork, Ireland; Bailen, Spain; Slavkov, Czech Republic; Tewkesbury, UK; and Hydra and Spetses in Greece).[citation needed]
Spetses was the basis for the island of Phraxos in John Fowles' 1965 novel The Magus. Many locations described in the book actually existed, including the "Lord Byron School" (the private Anargyrios & Korgialenios School of Spetses) and the "Villa Bourani" (located on the south side of the island above a popular public beach). Both the school and villa still exist, although the house is under private ownership. Fowles himself taught English at the school between the years 1951 and 1953.
This biographical article relating to an American ice hockey center is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Comitas kirai is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Pseudomelatomidae, the turrids and allies.
The following table lists the minimum number of hat-tricks scored by players who have scored two or more hat-tricks.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Great Bedwyn in 1421, for Old Sarum in 1423, for Melcombe Regis in 1427 and for Dorset in 1435.
This article about a 15th-century Member of the Parliament of England is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
of varieties is a kind of 'large' subvariety of     X   {\displaystyle X}   which is 'crushed' by     f   {\displaystyle f}  , in a certain definite sense. More strictly, f has an associated exceptional locus which describes how it identifies nearby points in codimension one, and the exceptional divisor is an appropriate algebraic construction whose support is the exceptional locus. The same ideas can be found in the theory of holomorphic mappings of complex manifolds.
where the sum is over all exceptional subvarieties of     f   {\displaystyle f}  , and is an element of the group of Weil divisors on     X   {\displaystyle X}  .
Consideration of exceptional divisors is crucial in birational geometry: an elementary result (see for instance Shafarevich, II.4.4) shows (under suitable assumptions) that any birational regular map that is not an isomorphism has an exceptional divisor. A particularly important example is the blowup
This European road or road transport-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Frankfurter Berg is a quarter of Frankfurt am Main, Germany, situated on a hill above the river Nidda. It is becoming one of the richest areas of Frankfurt for living standards. It is part of the Ortsbezirk Nord-Ost.
Pseudophytoecia is a genus of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae, containing the following species:
Genoa is a city in the north-east corner of DeKalb County, Illinois, United States. It is located on the historic Galena-Chicago stagecoach route. At the 2010 census the city had a population of 5,193, up from 4,169 in 2000.
Genoa was settled as early as 1835 by Thomas Madison, an American Revolutionary War soldier from Ashtabula County, Ohio. He named Genoa after a town of the same name in New York.  Genoa was incorporated as a village in 1876 and as a city on September 9, 1911.
There were 1,555 households, out of which 41.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.6% were married couples living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.0% were non-families. 24.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.21.
In the city the population was spread out, with 30.6% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 36.0% from 25 to 44, 16.1% from 45 to 64, and 9.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.2 males.
The median income for a household in the city was $48,125, and the median income for a family was $53,523. Males had a median income of $42,054 versus $28,060 for females. The per capita income for the city was $19,239. About 2.1% of families and 3.3% of the population were below the poverty line, including 3.9% of those under age 18 and 8.6% of those age 65 or over.
Genoa is governed by a mayor and eight-member City Council. The city is divided into four wards, with two aldermen representing each ward. The mayor and aldermen serve four-year terms. The terms of the City Council are staggered such that one alderman from each ward is elected every two years.
A City Clerk is also elected at-large and serves a four-year term.  The current city clerk is Kim Winker, whose term began in 2017.
Girls athletics include basketball, cheer leading, cross country, dance team, golf, soccer, softball, track and field, and volleyball.  Boys athletics include football, baseball, basketball, cross country, golf, soccer, track and field, and wrestling. Genoa-Kingston High School competes in the Big Northern Conference (BNC), while Genoa-Kingston Middle School competes in the Mid-Northern Conference (MNC).
Some of the town's well known attractions include the annual Genoa Days, Cruisin' to Genoa car show, Volksfest, The Duck Race, The Easter Egg hunt, Genoa Township park district,  Prairie State Winery, Latsis Bakery, Karlsbad Tavern, Minnihan's, Russell Woods Forest Preserve, Knute Olson Jr. Forest Preserve, Kishwaukee River, Kishwaukee Valley Heritage Society, and Pioneer Day.
The church has been a Grade II listed building since 2009. Historic England consider it a "good example" of a church of its period, which "embodies the late flowering of Arts and Crafts principles with [the] Romanesque style". They praised the "accomplished and distinctive design" and display of "high standard craftsmanship".
A shrine representing the Lourdes grotto was dedicated in the grounds of the church in 1949. It was erected by Fr. Ketele following his pledge to do so if the church escaped air raid damage during World War II. It also acted as a war memorial and contains a tablet listing the local Catholic men who lost their lives during the conflict. A parish hall was opened behind the church in 1951, which was designed by Mr. G. C. Wilkins and built by Messrs A. E. Whettham and Son.
Unio auricularius Spengler, 1793 Pseudunio auricularia (Spengler, 1793) Pseudunio auricularius auricularius (Spengler, 1793) Unio sinuata Lamarck, 1819
Margaritifera auricularia is a species of European freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Margaritiferidae, the freshwater pearl mussels.  Formerly found throughout western and central Europe, the species is now critically endangered, being confined to a few rivers in Spain and France. M. auricularia is commonly known as Spengler's freshwater mussel in honour of Lorenz Spengler, who first described this species.
The fish hosts for the glochidium larvae of this species are: Salaria fluviatilis, Gambusia holbrooki, Acipenser baerii, Acipenser naccarii and Acipenser sturio.
The hosts for this species were unknown for a long time: as recently as 1998 they were still not known.
Araujo, R., Bragado, D. & Ramos, M. A. 2001. Identification of the river blenny, Salaria fluviatilis, as a host to the glochidia of Margaritifera auricularia. Journal of Molluscan Studies, 67: 128-129.
Harrison Williams was born in Avon Township, Ohio in 1873 to Everett Williams and Laurett A. Williams. He graduated from Elyria High School in 1890.
Williams abandoned an unsuccessful bicycle manufacturing business in Lorain in 1903. He went to New York City and took a job with a carpet sweeper company.
In 1906 he created American Gas & Electric Co., and six years later created another holding company, Central States Electric Corp.
During World War I he served as an assistant to Bernard Baruch, at the War Industries Board, in Washington D.C., through Baruch he was introduced to attorney John Foster Dulles, who represented Williams throughout his business career.
When the Prince of Wales (later Edward VIII) visited the United States on various occasions, he was Williams' guest at Glen Cove, Long Island, in the house Williams rented from banker J. P. Morgan Jr., and later at Williams' own estate, Oak Point, located just a few miles east, in Bayville, on Pine Island.
The couple had several residences: one in Manhattan, one just outside New York City, and one in Florida. They bought the Willard D. Straight House at 94th Street and Fifth Avenue from steel magnate Elbert Gary. They bought "Blythedunes", designed by Maurice Fatio, at 513 North County Blvd., in Palm Beach, Florida.
In 1927, Williams commissioned muralist Jose Maria Sert to create paintings depicting tightrope walkers and acrobats to decorate the Art Deco lounge of the sports pavilion. Mona Williams later had these removed to her villa, "Il Fortino", on Italy's isle of Capri.
By 1929, Williams had accumulated a fortune estimated at a $680 million (equivalent of about $10.2 billion in 2020) in public utilities, making him the one of the wealthiest men in the country.[citation needed] He also began a business partnership with Waddill Catchings of Goldman Sachs & Co.
In 1937 he was investigated regarding investment trusts by the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Also that year he began an affair with Coco Chanel.
Born in Pointe Coupee Parish, Louisiana, Provosty was educated at the Poydras Academy, and at Georgetown University.
He was a district attorney from 1873 to 1876, and served in the Louisiana State Senate from 1888 to 1892, and as a member of the Constitutional Convention of 1898. He was a referee in bankruptcy from 1898 to 1901.
Provosty died in his home in New Orleans on his 72nd birthday. He was survived by a son and four daughters.
This biography of a state judge in the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
John Pendleton Kennedy (May 17, 1871 - February 23, 1944) was the first State Librarian for the Commonwealth of Virginia. He also served as the first President of the Virginia Library Association, which was organized in the first State Library building in Capitol Square on December 6, 1905.
This article about a person involved with library and information science is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
On July 23, 1777, following months of preparation and some preliminary maneuvers in New Jersey, General Howe and his brother, Admiral Richard Howe, launched a fleet carrying most of the New York-based army south in an effort to capture the American capital, Philadelphia.  The army was to land at the upper end of Chesapeake Bay and march north.
General Smallwood's column was led by its guide to the front of the Loyalist battalion of Abraham van Buskirk, instead of its rear.  He ordered the attack anyway, and Buskirk's men fled until they were rallied by General Skinner, and the tables were then turned on the Americans.  They beat a hasty retreat, although they had time to destroy camp supplies and equipment, and managed to seize a battle standard.
The British loss was given by the Loyalist publication Gaine's Mercury of September 1, 1777 as 5 killed, 7 wounded and 84 missing. Sir Henry Clinton wrote that the British took 259 prisoners in the engagement, whereas historian Douglas Southall Freeman gives the number of men captured as 150. Twenty-one of the American prisoners were officers, one of whom was wounded; the ranking officer captured was Lieutenant Colonel Edward Antill.
Sullivan's remaining forces marched south after the battle, and were able to join Washington's defensive arrangements south of Philadelphia in time to participate in the key Battle of Brandywine on September 11. General Sullivan was later subjected to a court martial over accusations that he mismanaged the expedition in a variety of ways.  A generous court exonerated him of all charges.
Mercer was born to James H. and Laura Ann Search Mercer on August 4, 1880, in Kerr Township, Champaign County, Illinois, where his father farmed and attended school in nearby Paxton, Illinois.
Mercer began his career as a printer's apprentice with the St. Louis Republic. He later wrote for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch, before the St. Louis Browns hired him as their road secretary in 1906. The following year, Mercer was hired at the New York Evening Globe. He later wrote for the New York Evening Journal and William Randolph Hearst's American (later known as the New York Journal American). He was a charter member of the Baseball Writers' Association of America (BBWAA).
Mercer died on June 19, 1945, in New York City. In 1946, Mercer was named to the Honor Rolls of Baseball by the National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum. In 1969, he was voted the J. G. Taylor Spink Award, the highest award bestowed by the BBWAA.
Annette M. Cleveland is an American politician of the Democratic Party. She is a member of the Washington State Senate from the 49th legislative district. She was first elected to that office in November 2012 for a term beginning in January 2013. She was elected with nearly 60% of the vote, against Republican Eileen Qutub.
This article about a politician from the state of Washington is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The H-2B visa nonimmigrant program permits employers to hire foreign workers to come temporarily to the United States and perform temporary nonagricultural services or labor on a one-time, seasonal, peakload or intermittent basis.
Although capped at 66,000 per year, the H-2B numerical cap was increased in 2017 by then United States Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly. These visas were made available only to American businesses which attested that they would likely suffer irreparable harm without the ability to employ all the H-2B workers requested in their original petition.
Below are H-2B visas issued each year as released by the U.S. Department of State - Bureau of Consular Affairs.
Stephen T. McClellan is a prominent American securities analyst. He was a first vice president at Merrill Lynch for 18 years, and ranked on the Institutional Investor All-American Research Team 19 consecutive years, the Wall Street Journal Poll for seven years, and is in the Journal's Hall of Fame.
McClellan published his second book, Full of Bull, an insider's guide to Wall Street research and investing, in 2007. He then produced an updated, soft-cover version, subtitled Unscramble Wall Street Doubletalk to Protect and Build Your Portfolio in 2009.
Michaloliakos was born in Athens in 1957. According to his party, he completed his studies at the Faculty of Mathematics of the National and Kapodistrian University of Athens.
After he was released, he launched the Golden Dawn magazine. The politics of the magazine were, initially, closely aligned with Nazi beliefs. The publication of the magazine ceased in April 1984, when Michaloliakos joined the National Political Union, and took over the leadership of its youth section, after a personal order of Georgios Papadopoulos. In January 1985, he broke away from the National Political Union and founded the "Popular National Movement - Golden Dawn".
In April 2015, the trial of Michaloliakos and 68 other defendants began at the high-security Korydallos prison in Athens, but was adjourned a number of times for technical reasons and to find a more suitable setting. Michaloliakos was one of 68 Golden Dawn leaders who were found guilty in October 2020.
He is the husband of fellow Golden Dawn member Eleni Zaroulia. His daughter Ourania was one of six people arrested during a motorcycle attack against immigrants; all six were later released.
In a televised interview, Michaloliakos publicly insulted Milwaukee Bucks forward and 2019 and 2020 NBA Most Valuable Player Giannis Antetokounmpo after he was selected as the 15th overall pick in the 2013 NBA draft, calling him a "chimpanzee". He even publicly stated that Antetokounmpo and his family should have been detained and deported immediately after their meeting with then-Prime Minister Antonis Samaras.
In 1973, Smith joined Ottawa television station CJOH-TV as the station's 6 p.m. sports anchor, a position he held until his death. He also participated in charitable activities, especially the Ottawa Boys and Girls Club.
Gunman Arenburg was found to be not criminally responsible due to his mental disorder and was sentenced to a mental institution in 1997. He had previously been sentenced to a mental institution but had never reported. An inquest into Smith's killing recommended there should be more public protection and significant changes to the Mental Health Act of Ontario. The end result, Brian's Law, was passed on June 21, 2000 by the Ontario Legislature.
Sahara Club (Pokhara) have been running a football-based academy for under-privileged children from the profit of the tournament and donations from various individuals and organisations. At present, there are 30 children at the academy
On the 13th edition of the tournament, English non-league side Aldershot Town FC entered in the tournament, and thus became the first European (UEFA) club to compete in the tournament's history.
Telling Tales is a 2004 anthology of works celebrating life, edited and organized by Nadine Gordimer as a fundraiser for South Africa's Treatment Action Campaign, which lobbies for government funding for HIV/AIDS prevention and care.
It includes 21 short stories by award-winning writers, including five Nobel laureates. Authors include:
She is one of four ships built by Flensburger Schiffbau-Gesellschaft, Germany. Seatruck Power is the second newbuild to be completed.
Seatruck Power was launched in October 2011 and was christened by Niamh McManus, the wife of Surefreight's Brian McManus. The ship was completed and handed over on 3 February 2012. Seatruck Power entered service on the Liverpool-Dublin route on 14 February 2012.
Seatruck Power is one of four RoRo 2200 freight ferries, which are the largest ships in the Seatruck fleet. They are the largest ships to operate out of the port of Heysham.
The RoRo 2200 vessels have a freight capacity of 2,166 lane metres over four decks, carrying 151 trailers. Propulsion is provided by two MAN engines and twin screws.
Kip attended the Churchill Military Academy at Sing Sing, and was appointed Cadet at the United States Military Academy at West Point in June 1853.
Following his graduation from West Point, he was commissioned a Second lieutenant, Third Artillery in June 1857 and became part of the expedition under General Wright against the northern Indians.  During this campaign, he reportedly distinguished himself in the Battle of Four Lakes and Spokane Plains and acted as Adjutant of the Artillery Battalion.  In 1859, Kip published an account of the campaign in a book entitled Army Life on the Pacific.
From June 25 to July 1, 1862 during the Seven Days Battles, he was acting Adjutant General of General Sumner's Corps.  Following the battles, Sumner recommended him for brevet Captain and brevet Major to the War Department for gallantry, however, the Senate failed to act on any recommendations from General George B. McClellan's campaign.
After the death of General Sumner in March 1863, Kip went to work on the staff of General John E. Wool and was assigned to the Headquarters of the Department of the East, as Assistant Inspector General of the Artillery.  Six months later, he again joined the Army of the Potomac and was assigned to the staff of Brevet Major General Robert O. Tyler, as Inspector of the Artillery Reserve, taking part in the Battle of Rappahanock Station.
He was later appointed aide-de-camp on the staff of Major General Philip Sheridan where he fought in the Battles of Trevilian Station in 1864, where he was wounded, Cedar Creek, where he was slightly wounded again in 1864.  On June 11, 1864, he was brevetted Captain "for gallant and meritorious service at the battle of Trevillian Station, Va."
In 1892, Kip and his wife Eva were included in Ward McAllister's "Four Hundred", purported to be an index of New York's best families, published in The New York Times.  Conveniently, 400 was the number of people that could fit into Mrs. Astor's ballroom.
Kip, who was deeply interested in horse breeding and racing, served as president of the Coney Island Jockey Club, the first turf racecourse in the United States, president of the Suburban Riding and Driving Club, and vice-president of the National Show Horse Association.  He was also a member of the Union Club of the City of New York, the Metropolitan Club, and the Tuxedo Club.
Moore was owner and CEO of Las Vegas-based entertainment firm, WBMM Enterprises, and co-owner, with Miracles member Billy Griffin, of music publishing company, Grimora Music. Moore and his wife Tina have two grown daughters, Monette and Monique.
In 2007 Moore reunited on stage with original Miracles Bobby Rogers, Claudette Robinson, and Smokey Robinson to celebrate the group's 50th anniversary. In 2009, the Miracles received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. Pete was also inducted with the rest of The Miracles into the Vocal Group Hall of Fame in 2001.
All California sheephead are born female and morph into their male form at various stages in their lifecycle, determined by environmental conditions and pressures. Because of this, they are considered to be protogynous hermaphrodites which have planktonic larvae. Their coral and kelp-heavy habitat provides protection from predators, which is important as this species is diurnal, foraging during the day and seeking shelter at night.
The California sheephead is considered vulnerable due to high fishing rates off of the coast of southern California. Since fisheries tend to remove the largest fish, they end up removing the males. This skews the male-to-female ratio and affects the fishes' lifecycle, which can negatively affect populations.
Semicossyphus is Greek; semi means half and kossyphos means a kind of fish. Pulcher is the Latin word for beautiful. In French, the fish is called the labre Californien, and in Spanish it is called the vieja de California.
The California sheephead lives in kelp forests and rocky reefs, where it feeds on sea urchins, molluscs, lobsters, and crabs. Fertilized eggs are released into the water column and hatch, resulting in planktonic larva.
Like many wrasse species, sheephead are protogynous. All are born female, and the largest individuals become male due to hormonal changes triggered by social cues. The two sexes have extremely different appearances, so this transition is among the most dramatic among the wrasses. Because only large individuals are male, setting minimum catch sizes has made populations mostly female, with a negative effect on population sizes.
The California sheephead is a monandric protogynous hermaphrodite and is a commercially and recreationally valuable labrid. It is a prominent species occupying the southern California rocky reef and kelp bed fish assemblage. Both the ecology and life history patterns of California sheephead have been shown to vary with local environmental conditions.
Gorgoroth is a Norwegian black metal band based in Bergen. It was formed in 1992 by guitarist Infernus, who is also the only original member remaining, and the band have since released nine studio albums. Gorgoroth are a Satanic band and have drawn controversy due to some of their concerts, which have featured impaled sheep heads and mock crucifixions. The band is named after the dead plateau of darkness in the land of Mordor from J. R. R. Tolkien's fantasy novel The Lord of the Rings.
After a successful South American tour of Brazil, Chile and Argentina, and a performance at Norway's Inferno Festival, it was announced in April 2004 that drummer Kvitrafn had decided to leave the band. For the band's European and Central American headlining tours of October and November 2004, drummer Dirge Rep (ex-Enslaved, Gehenna) and guitarist Teloch (Nidingr) were recruited.
After various shows around Europe in the first half of 2005, including the With Full Force Festival in July, Gorgoroth then went out on a month-long European tour with 1349 in November 2005, this time with Skagg (Gaahlskagg) replacing Teloch as live guitarist. On December 10, 2005, Gorgoroth played live in Trondheim, Norway, a gig which was to be their last live performance until summer 2007.
In July and August 2007, Gorgoroth returned to the live arena with performances at festivals in Norway, Germany and the Czech Republic. In September 2007, the band went on a South American tour of Brazil, Colombia, Argentina, Ecuador and Chile with Belphegor. These would be the last Gorgoroth concerts to feature Gaahl and King.
In April 2008, Infernus announced he was to depart for Stockholm, Sweden, where the next few months were spent rehearsing the material for Quantos Possunt ad Satanitatem Trahunt in Tomas Asklund's Monolith Studio.
Infernus also announced in August that a pre-recording for Quantos Possunt ad Satanitatem Trahunt was made with guitars, bass and drums. After having spent the previous few months rehearsing in Monolith Studio, Infernus said that he was working on arrangements with assistance from former Gorgoroth guitarist Tormentor.
In May 2009, it was announced that Gorgoroth would play live again on August 29, 2009, at the 10th anniversary edition of the Hole in the Sky festival in Bergen, Norway. This would be the band's first live appearance since September 2007.
In late June 2009, it was announced that the vocals on True Norwegian Black Metal - Live in Grieghallen were rerecorded by Pest. A week later the release dates and track listing for Quantos Possunt ad Satanitatem Trahunt were revealed.
It was announced in October 2010 that the band was about to put the finishing touches on a re-recording of their 1997 release Under the Sign of Hell. The re-recording, with Pest on vocals and Tomas Asklund on drums, was released as Under the Sign of Hell 2011 in December 2011.
Please note that I am writing on behalf of Prophecies Publishing (PP) and as their business manager. PP is the official music publishing company of the band Gorgoroth.
Herewith we request you to remove any lyrics of the band Gorgoroth from your systems immediately, but not later than 18th Feb 2004.
This is nothing against you and your business or dedication, but you will understand that we as music publisher of the band will have to enforce the copyright as desired by the songwriters.
Gaahl explained his use of Satanic and anti-Christian themes: "We live in a Christian world and we have to speak their language ... When I use the word 'Satan' it means the natural order, the will of a man, the will to grow, the will to become the superman and not to be oppressed by any law such as the church, which is only a way to control the masses."
Gaahl and Infernus were openly supportive of the church burnings perpetrated by members of the black metal scene in the early 1990s. Gaahl further said, "there should have been more of them, and there will be more of them".
Two kilometres to the north is the Hermitage of the Virgen de los Enebrales, the local Patron saint. Built in the 16th century, it was extended in the 18th century.
The Cartagena Naval Museum is a military museum near the city port of Cartagena, Spain. It presents exhibitions related to naval construction. It is a subsidiary of the Naval Museum of Madrid.
Isaac Peral: Room dedicated to Isaac Peral, which shows flat documents and personal objects that are part of the National Heritage, as well as model paintings of the submarine and a portrait of Isaac Peral.
Marine Infantry Room: Contains collected tables that show the actions and battles in which the marine infantry actions throughout Spanish history. There are also photographs of the marines and a section dedicated to their bands, weapons and uniforms.
Cartography and Navigation Room: Copies of manuscripts of maps, letters and objects such as a rudder of a nineteenth-century war steamer, telegraphs, sextants, navigation publications, a collection of logs, and two ships.
The Navy Diving Room: Reviews the history of diving in the Navy, and displays various objects on this subject and its evolution.
19th Century: Shows the agitation that occurred in nineteenth century Cartagena, dealing with political issues, military campaigns to Cuba, and remains of the bombing suffered in Cartagena in 1873.
Submarine room: Exhibits models of almost all the submarines that participated in the navy, objects such as: batteries, submarine planes, recovery bells, rescue, torpedoes of the Spanish submarine Narciso Monturiol (S-35) .
History of the submarine weapon: Exhibits objects that show the development of the Spanish submarine fleet: torpedoes, propellers, pictures, crockery, cutlery, periscopes, rudders.
Armament room: This room displays the armament of the Navy, including weapons, ammunition and ammunition.
Hall flags and uniforms: Flags are displayed that are linked to the former Maritime Zone of the Mediterranean, as well as uniforms and models of ships
Naval Health Room: Various objects of the old hospital of nuns: a Sacred Heart, portraits of doctors, heroes of war, ancient documentation, ordinances of the College of Surgery, uniforms of the eighteenth century, models.
Tere Sheher Mein is an Indian television drama series which aired on Star Plus from 2 March 2015 to 14 November 2015. The show starred Hiba Nawab, Dhruv Bhandari, Anjum Fakih, Gautami Kapoor, Isha Mishra, Sana Amin Sheikh,  Kinshuk Mahajan and S. M. Zaheer. It was produced by Rajan Shahi's Director's Kut Productions.
Meanwhile, Mantu (Dhruv Bhandari), a tourist guide in Banaras, lives with his younger brother Chiklu (Arsh Khan). Uma (Mrinal Kaur) is Mantu's best friend, but she secretly loves him and aspires to marry him. Rishi's friend Hari (Iqbal Azad) is imprisoned due to Rishi's bankruptcy crisis. Hari's son, Rudra (Aarya Dharamchand Kumar), hates the Mathur's for keeping his father away from his family, and he and his mother start creating problems for them without their knowledge.
Hiba Nawab and Dhruv Bhandari were initially cast as the main leads of the series. However, after Bhandari quit, recurring cast Rafi Malik became the main lead opposite Nawab.
Initially Anjum Faikh auditioned for character Amaya, but did not get accepted due to her height and later got cast for Rachita.<ref"Meeting the Tere Sheher Mein girls". Rediff.com.</ref>
Putri Pascualy is an author and credit strategist. She is the author of Investing in Credit Hedge Funds, a book focused on the topic of alternative investing in corporate credit markets.
Pascualy is a managing director for PAAMCO, an institutional investment firm focused on hedge funds.  Prior to joining PAAMCO in 2006, Pascualy was an economist with Cornerstone Research.  She speaks at industry panels and conferences, and her comments and contributions have appeared in The Wall Street Journal, Bloomberg News, and U.S. News & World Report.
Pascualy received undergraduate and MBA degrees from the Haas School of Business at the University of California, Berkeley.
Chong was born in Vancouver on July 15, 1911. He had little formal education and was employed as a cook and houseboy.
Chong was visiting Hong Kong when Japan invaded in 1941. He escaped to free China where he joined the British Army Aid Group, a paramilitary unit of MI9. Chong then was a British spy, known as Agent 50, who operated behind Japanese lines in occupied China. After the war Chong returned to Canada and operated a cafe on Vancouver Island.
Chong travelled back and forth between free and Japanese-occupied areas of China. Chong's main tasks were to smuggle medical supplies into the occupied area, and smuggle people and intelligence out. He dressed as a beggar and always travelled on foot, often walking 30 miles per day. His walking cane hid medicines and documents. 
The people Chong smuggled were British and Commonwealth subjects and stranded Allied aviators. Chong did not recognize two of his charges as the chief justice and prosecutor of Hong Kong, until after the war when he was called as a witness in a trial of a collaborator. 
Chong was captured by the Japanese and escaped twice. One time he escaped from the hold of a fishing boat. The other time he escaped immediately before execution when his compatriot spoke in Japanese and displayed the business card of a Japanese officer.
The 2010 Atlantic Sun Conference Baseball Tournament was held at Ken Dugan Field at Stephen Lee Marsh Stadium on the campus of Lipscomb University in Nashville, TN from May 25 through 28. Mercer won its fourth tournament championship, and first since 1983, to earn the Atlantic Sun Conference's automatic bid to the 2010 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament.
This was the first of two Atlantic Sun Conference Baseball Tournaments to be hosted by Lipscomb University after eight years at Stetson University's in DeLand, FL. It was also the first year of postseason eligibility for three new conference members: Florida Gulf Coast, Kennesaw State, and North Florida, who replaced the departed Florida Atlantic, FIU, and UCF as members by transitioning to Division I.
Customs and regulations for shopping hours (times that shops are open) vary between countries and between cities.
Some countries, particularly those with predominantly Christian populations or histories, do not allow Sunday shopping. In Islamic countries some shops are closed on Fridays for noontime prayers. In Israel many shops are closed on Friday evenings and Saturdays during the daytime for Shabbat (the Jewish Sabbath).
Each state in Australia sets its own standard trading hours, but in most of the country the shops are open seven days a week for at least part of the day.
For some shops and other businesses in culturally Christian countries, Christmas Day is the only day in the year that they are closed.
In Israel, many shops are closed on religious holidays other than Shabbat, especially on Yom Kippur when nearly all businesses are closed.
Melbourne generally has the most relaxed rules. Almost all shopping centres in Melbourne now trade until 9pm on Thursdays and Fridays as well as being open longer hours on Sundays. Interstate late night trading only occurs on either Thursday or Friday rather than both.
Melbourne is also famous for beginning the trend of 36-hour overnight trades in the lead-up to Christmas. Some of the larger shopping centres will open from 8 am December 23 until 6 pm on Christmas Eve. Centres often open to 10pm or midnight on most other nights in the fortnight before Christmas, and the first few days of the annual Boxing Day Sales.
Trading hours in the Australian Capital Territory have been deregulated since the repeal of the Trading Hours Act 1996 [ACT] on 29 May 1997.
In all areas of Queensland, trading hours of major supermarkets are Monday to Saturday from 7am to 9pm and Sundays and public holidays from 9am to 6pm. Most major shopping centres close at 5pm every day, except for "late night shopping" on one night a week. Supermarkets in major shopping centres must still cease trading at 9pm, with special access for just the supermarket.
Store hours in Canada are regulated by each province or territory and, in some provinces, individual municipalities as well.
As a general rule, there is little regulation of shopping hours across the country. In the provinces of British Columbia, Alberta, and Saskatchewan, as well as all three territories (Yukon, Northwest Territories and Nunavut), there are no restrictions at all and stores can open 24/7 every day. Nova Scotia permits any store to open every day of the year except Remembrance Day (November 11).
The province of Quebec is the only province in Canada that regulates shopping hours outside of Sundays and holidays. As a general rule, stores are permitted to open only between 8am and 9pm weekdays and 8am - 5pm weekends, excluding holidays. There are several exceptions, however, notably several supermarkets in Montreal, which are open later hours or 24 hours a day.
Trading hours in China, including Hong Kong and Macau special administrative regions, are commercial decisions and are not regulated. Most shops are open on public holidays. Some convenience stores are open twenty-four hours and every day of the year, but only a few large supermarkets are open twenty-four hours a day.
During the Chinese New Year, many shops in China close for a few days, from Chinese New Year's Eve to the first day of the Chinese New Year. Or more often, to the third day of the Chinese New Year. Some shops in Hong Kong and Macau operate on Chinese New Year holidays, especially supermarket chains.
Shopping hours in Croatia are currently unregulated after the Constitutional Court struck down a ban on Sunday shopping, which had been in effect from mid-2008 until mid-2009.
Most large out-of-town supermarkets are open between 07:30/08:00-21:00/22:00, Monday to Sunday. Shopping malls usually open at 09:00 and also close at 22:00, every day. Smaller supermarkets close earlier on Sundays, typically at 13:00. Other shops in urban areas are generally closed on Sundays.
Bakeries and newspaper kiosks often open very early in the morning, at 05:30 or 06:00, and open every day but not twenty-four hours. Gas stations and convenience stores along major roads as well as some pharmacies (at least one in each major city, five in Zagreb) operate twenty-four hours.
In 1989 shops were allowed to be open on Sundays in sparsely populated areas. In the autumn of 1994 the law was extended to apply to the conurbanations i.e. densely populated areas, but only in December and on six specifically designated Sundays.
In 1997 it was legislated that the grocery shops could be open on Sundays during the whole summer. At the same time the closing hour was set at later; 21:00.
On 15 December 2015, the Finnish parliament voted to remove all opening hour restrictions for all retailers. The law came into effect on 1 January 2016.
Many stores are open every day. Larger supermarkets and hypermarkets are open from 7:00 or 8:00 to 21:00 or 22:00, and smaller shops from 10:00 to 18:00 or 19:00.
The only stores with regulated hours are the nationally owned Alko alcohol shops, which are open from 9:00 to 21:00 on weekdays and from 9:00 to 18:00 on Saturdays. On Sundays all Alko stores are closed.
The federal Ladenschlussgesetz still applies in Bavaria and Saarland, which have not passed their own laws. Under this law, shops may not open prior to 6 am and may not stay open later than 8 p.m. from Monday to Saturday. Shops must also stay closed on Sundays and public holidays (both federal and state), and special rules apply concerning Christmas Eve (December 24) should that day fall on a weekday.
States where shops can open between 6 a.m. and 10 p.m. from Monday to Saturday; regulations for Sunday vary:
Shops in Ireland may, with few exceptions (such as those involved in the sale of alcohol), open whenever they want, including Sundays and public holidays.
Many supermarkets are open twenty-four hours or have longer opening hours (like 8:00 - 22:00) everyday.
Large shopping centres are typically open longer hours everyday (e.g. 09:00 - 21:00/22:00 weekdays, 09:00 - 19:00 Saturdays, 10:00 - 19:00 Sundays).
In the two weeks running up to Christmas, it is common for many shops to have extended opening hours; some may operate twenty-four hours however the 24 hr openings are extremely uncommon and would be mainly in the large cities. On Christmas Eve most shops have shut their doors by 6pm, some close by 3pm.
Most shops (other than petrol stations or convenience stores) in smaller towns and villages don't open at all on Sundays. Almost all shops (except certain petrol stations, convenience stores) are closed on Christmas Day, though most are open on all other holidays.
Convenience stores and some chemists (drugstores) normally open at 09:00 and close between 18:00 and 21:00. New Year's Day is also Sunday hours.
In rural areas or in traditional trades, Businesses used to take a half day on Wednesdays, however this no lingers happens.
Alcohol is allowed to be sold only between 10:30 and 22:00 from Monday to Saturday and 12:30 to 22:00 on Sundays, but this does not affect opening hours (supermarkets will often block access to alcoholic products outside of these times). Alcohol can now  be sold on Good Friday as-well as having the pubs open.
In Japan, most shops open at 10:00, and close at 20:00 (8 pm). Banks are open from 09:00-15:00 on weekdays, and closed on weekends; post offices are open from 09:00-17:00 on weekdays, and closed on weekends. Convenience stores are open round the clock.
In Mexico City, in large shopping centers, stores are generally open from 11 A.M. to 8 P.M., and on Sundays from 11 A.M. to 8 P.M. Restaurant and cinema hours are different, as are those of independent shops and markets.
Regular opening hours are Monday 11:00 - 18:00; Tuesday-Friday: 09:30 - 18:00; Saturday: 09:30 - 17:00; Sunday (Amsterdam, Rotterdam, The Hague, Utrecht, Almere, Leiden and smaller tourist towns): 12:00 - 18:00. In many other towns shops are open every first Sunday of the month (koopzondag).
A regular size supermarket that is open until midnight seven days a week is the Albert Heijn at Schiphol Airport near Amsterdam (in the landside area of the airport, not just for air travelers).
On public holidays, shops that close on Sundays are usually also closed, and other shops tend to have Sunday opening hours. On Christmas Day and New Year's Eve almost all shops are closed.
Shopping hours in Serbia are unregulated. Large supermarkets are usually open from 07:00/07:30/08:00 to 22:00 from Monday to Sunday. Shopping malls open at 09:00 or 10:00 and also stay open until 22:00. Smaller supermarkets close earlier on Sundays, at 15:00 or 16:00.
Unlike neighbouring Croatia, many fast food outlets, bakeries, kiosks and convenience stores in urban areas operate twenty-four hours. Even some hypermarkets, like Tempo and Metro, are open twenty-four hours.
Shopping hours for shopping malls are usually from 10:00 to 22:00 from Monday to Sunday. Automotive shops like tire outlets are usually from 09.30 to 19:00. Some supermarkets are open twenty-four hours. Most stores do not open on the first day of Chinese New Year because of low demand patronage.
In Great Britain, many retail stores are open every day. Some large supermarkets are open for twenty-four hours, (except on Sundays in England and Wales). Most stores do not open on Easter Sunday, New Year's Day or Christmas Day and have reduced hours on other public and bank holidays.
Supermarkets usually open at earlier hours, between 6 or 7 a.m. to 10 p.m. (7:00 - 22:00) every day.  Boutiques and smaller shops often close early at 5 or 6 p.m. (17:00 or 18:00), and usually close once or twice a week, most often on Sunday.
Nearly all stores are closed on Easter, Thanksgiving Day and Christmas Day. In recent years, however, several department stores and discount stores have started opening during the evening on Thanksgiving Day; see Black Friday for more details. Early closing (half days) occur on Christmas Eve and New Year's Eve. Some stores might have reduced hours on other major holidays.
All malls and department stores, as well as most other stores remain open longer hours between Thanksgiving weekend and Christmas Eve for Christmas and holiday shopping. Many are open until 11 p.m. (23:00), and a few even longer.
Few stores remain open twenty-four hours; the main exceptions to this rule are most Walmarts throughout the country (especially Supercenters, which combine a discount store and full supermarket); many convenience stores, especially those that also sell motor fuel; and some drug stores like CVS, especially in larger cities like New York City and Las Vegas.
Some stores, especially in suburban and rural areas, might remain closed on Sundays for any reason (such as most retail in Bergen County, New Jersey due to the blue law, which is next to New York City, and home to four major malls and has the largest retail in the nation).
Pinker earned a B.A. degree from McGill University in 1979 and a M.A.Sc. degree from the University of Waterloo in 1981.
She spent 25 years in clinical practice and teaching psychology, first at Dawson College, then at McGill University.
Pinker writes about new findings in behavioral science in the Mind and Matter column, which appears Saturdays in the Wall Street Journal. Her Globe and Mail columns,  Problem Solving and the Business Brain, applied the latest evidence from the fields of neuroscience, behavioral economics and social psychology to the world of business. They appeared weekly in The Globe and Mail from 2003 to 2011.
Her 2008 book, The Sexual Paradox, was awarded the William James Book Award by the American Psychological Association in 2009. Her 2014 book, The Village Effect, was selected as an Apple Nonfiction Best Pick in 2014.[citation needed]
In 2014, Susan was given the Holden Award by the International Society for Intelligence Research. In 2015 she was a Poynter Fellow in Journalism at Yale University.
Her writing has also been recognized in awards from the Canadian Medical Association (2000), the Professional Writing Association of Canada (2002, 2010), and she has been nominated for the John Alexander Media Award (2000), the Aventis Pasteur Medal for Excellence in Health Research Journalism (1999), the YWCA Woman of Distinction Award (2007), and the BC National Award for Canadian Non-Fiction (2009).
Pinker is married and has three children. She lives in Montreal. She is the sister of evolutionary psychologist Steven Pinker.
Marriott's Grande Vista is a Marriott Vacation Club resort, located off of International Drive in Orlando, Florida. The timeshare resort is the largest within the Marriott Vacation Club portfolio and has 1616 guest studios, one, two and three-bedroom villas, located in 24 mission-style buildings.
The property is home to 24 buildings, four pool areas, several restaurants and bars, a convenience store dubbed "The Marketplace," a lake, fitness center and a spa built in the summer of 2009.
The Marriott Vacation Club's Headquarters is located on Westwood Boulevard about one mile away from the property. In 2009, the resort was awarded Green Lodging certification by the Florida Department of Environmental Protection. It has won Southeast/Caribbean Resort of the Year multiple times and was also named Marriott Vacation Club's Resort of the Year in 2003 and 2010.[citation needed]
Bruce F. Webster reviewed Space and Sport Games in The Space Gamer No. 35. Webster commented that "There are nine games in all on this diskette, all of the same quality. I suspect all nine were placed there because the folks at Creative Computing couldn't justify selling them in smaller groups. I'm not sure they can justify selling them in this large group. Don't buy it."
Manohar Mouli Biswas is the pseudo-name of Manohar Biswas, a popular and most likely the best known bilingual poet, essayist and writer of Dalit Literature from Bengal.
Warfare In the flesh alive of my body The worms eat up, bit by bit. Why does the cancer spread in streets of the whole body? Red flag has thirst for blood; A rose of revolt. All my decaying cells Restore the spirit I have To live as rails of protest.
  A by-election was held for the British House of Commons constituency of Vale of Glamorgan on 4 May 1989 following the death of Conservative MP Sir Raymond Gower.
The result was a Labour gain, the party's first by-election gain of this parliamentary term, which came at a time when it was starting to match and even overtake the Conservative government in the opinion polls, just after the controversial poll tax was announced.
Notonomus arthuri is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Pterostichinae. It was described by Sloane in 1890.
Sonia Benedito  (born (1978 -01-19)19 January 1978) is a retired Brazilian female volleyball player, who played as a wing spiker. 
She was part of the Brazil women's national volleyball team at the 2002 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship in Germany. On club level she played with Fluminense Rio de Janeiro.
This biographical article relating to volleyball in Brazil is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Williamson-Dickie Mfg. Co. is an apparel manufacturing company primarily known for its largest brand, Dickies. The company was founded in Fort Worth, Texas, in 1922 by C. N. Williamson and E. E. "Colonel" Dickie, who began a denim bib overall company selling workwear to farm and ranch hands around the Southwest. Today, Dickies is a global brand found in more than 100 countries designing, manufacturing and selling workwear to the automotive, hospitality, construction and medical industries.
C. N. Williamson and E. E. "Colonel" Dickie began their business careers in the "vehicle and harness" business in Bryan, Texas. In 1918, they and a few friends established the U.S. Overall Company. Then, in 1922, C. Don Williamson joined with his father and cousin to buy 100% of the Overall Company on a one-third-each basis and renamed it Williamson-Dickie Manufacturing Company.
Dickies is currently sold in all 50 U.S. states and throughout the world in countries such as Saudi Arabia, South Africa, Australia, Russia, Chile, South Korea, Japan, Taiwan, Iceland, Canada, Germany, France, Italy, Ireland with COH Sales Ltd, Croatia, the Philippines, Poland and Mexico.
In 2008 Williamson-Dickies acquired the Canadian Kodiak Group Holdings Inc. In 2013 Dickies acquired Walls.
Williamson-Dickie Europe Ltd is based in the UK in Westfield, Somerset. Previously known as Dickies UK, this division of the company now operates across the entirety of Europe and the Middle East for both the workwear and streetwear product ranges.
The Dodge Intrepid is a full sized front-wheel drive four-door sedan that was produced by Dodge for model years 1993 to 2004. It is related to the Chrysler 300M, Chrysler Concorde, Chrysler LHS, Chrysler New Yorker, and Eagle Vision which were all built on Chrysler's new "cab forward" LH platform.
The Intrepid was sold in Canada as the Chrysler Intrepid.  In the United States, it replaced the Dodge Monaco as Dodge's largest car.  With Dodge's introduction to Mexico during that time, it was badged as a Dodge, replacing the Dynasty which had been sold there under the Chrysler brand.
The first generation of LH cars debuted at the 1992 North American International Auto Show in Detroit as three 1993 models: the Chrysler Concorde, Dodge Intrepid (badged as a Chrysler in Canada), and the Eagle Vision (also badged as a Chrysler in Europe).
The Intrepid's launch marked a new image for the Dodge brand, which began to market itself as "The New Dodge" with a marketing campaign featuring actor Edward Herrmann, who would go on to serve as the brand's spokesperson for the rest of the decade.
Intrepids were built at American Motors' Brampton Assembly facility, originally established to manufacture the Eagle Premier, in Brampton, Ontario, Canada; and at the Chrysler plant at Newark, Delaware.
In the late 1990s, Chrysler used the Intrepid as a research platform for a hybrid electric vehicle in a diesel-electric configuration. Three variations were built, the Intrepid ESX, ESX II, and ESX III. The first vehicle was built in a series hybrid configuration, while the next two were considered mild hybrids. These were attempted in the time frame of 1997 to 1998.
The Intrepid and Concorde were on Car and Driver magazine's Ten Best list for 1993 and 1994. The second-generation Intrepid again made the list for 1998 and 1999. Both generations won Consumer Guide's "Best Buy" award.
In chemistry, the oxygen reduction reaction refers to the reduction half reaction whereby O2 is reduced to water or hydrogen peroxide.  In fuel cells, the reduction to water is preferred because the current is higher. The oxygen reduction reaction is well demonstrated and highly efficient in nature.
In fuel cells, platinum is the most common catalyst. Because platinum is expensive, it is dispersed on a carbon support.  Certain facets of platinum are more active than others.
The Migil Five (sometimes styled The Migil 5) were a British pop, rhythm and blues and (originally) jazz group in the early to mid-1960s, whose biggest hit was a bluebeat version of "Mockin' Bird Hill".
"The Migil Five were an improbable outfit on the early-'60s London rock music scene. Five guys who were already in their late '20s and skilled in jazz, R&B, blues, folk, and pop, Lambert was balding and sported a beard and the others looked more like veterans of the '50s trad jazz scene. Watson brought a harder R&B sound that made them more appealing to teenagers, but they all looked more like music teachers than rock & rollers."
Mike Felix later worked as a comedian, after dinner speaker and actor, appearing in the TV series Widows and The Bill.  Lucas moved into pub management and continued to play in local London bands until his death in the 1990s.  Watson and Blanche also moved into the pub and restaurant business.
Samay  is a 1975 Indian Odia film directed by Ganesh Mahapatra. The movie stars Shriram Panda, Prashanta Nanda, Tripura Misra, Dhir Biswal and George Tiadi in the leading roles. For the first time in the history of Odia film, some parts of this film are in colour.
A newly-wed Odia couple's life is disrupted when the husband is overcome with amnesia. The wife gets sympathy from a doctor friend, but the relationship is misunderstood and ridiculed by others, including the doctor's Bombay-born wife who gets involved with another good-for-nothing Bombayite.
Fernando Madeira (born 12 May 1932) is a Portuguese former freestyle swimmer. He competed in two events and the water polo tournament at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
This biographical article related to a Portuguese swimmer is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This biographical article relating to a Portuguese water polo figure is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Conda is a town and municipality in Cuanza Sul Province in Angola. The municipality had a population of 89,479 in 2014.
Duregi is located 15 km southwest of Madzhalis (the district's administrative centre) by road. Shilyagi and Kulidzha are the nearest rural localities.
Radio 5RPH (1197 kHz) is a volunteer manned AM band community radio station in Adelaide, South Australia Australia for the blind.
Radio 5RPH is a member of the Radio Print Handicapped Network. Its stated mission is to "provide a quality reading and information service to those within its broadcast area who are unable (for whatever reason) to access daily printed material".
Newspapers, magazines, books, and other printed material are read to air.  The station also hosts a morning sports show weekday mornings and broadcasts matches from the South Australian National Football League.
Pinheirodontidae is a poorly known family of fossil mammals which belong to the informal suborder "Plagiaulacida" within the order Multituberculata. Remains are known from the Late Jurassic to earliest Cretaceous of Europe, (predominantly Portugal and Spain), but are so far restricted to teeth.
The family Pinheirodontidae was named by Hahn G. and Hahn R. in 1999, after the locality of Porto Dinheiro, in central west Portugal.
Mingus Moves (Atlantic SD 1653) is one of the late works of jazz bassist, composer, and bandleader Charles Mingus. He hired three new musicians for the recording: Don Pullen, piano; Ronald Hampton, trumpet; and George Adams, tenor saxophone. Drummer Dannie Richmond, a stalwart of Mingus's bands in the 1950s and '60s, rejoined the band on the first day of recording after not working with the bassist for several years.
The other tunes include "Moves," a composition written and sung (along with Honi Gordon) by Doug Hammond, Richmond's predecessor; "Wee," composed and arranged by Sy Johnson, who also worked with Mingus on Let My Children Hear Music (1971) and Mingus and Friends in Concert (1972); "Flowers," written by Adams; and "Newcomer" by Pullen, dedicated to his newborn daughter.
The CD released in 1993 contains the bonus tracks "Big Alice" and "The Call," which were recorded during the same sessions.
Born in Gujranwala, now in Pakistan as Susheel Kumar Chadha on 29 May 1942. He settled in Moradabad, Uttar Pradesh after independence and later shifted to Mumbai. He completed his B.Sc. and later an MA in Hindi.
He shifted to Mumbai in 1977, where he lived for the rest of his years. He also wrote lyrics for Hindi satirical film Nasbandi directed by I. S. Johar, released after the Emergency in 1978. He also acted as a comedian in films Bandhan Baahon Ka (1988) and Santosh (1989).
Moradabadi has written Itni uchi mat chodo, kya karegi chandni, Ye ander ki bat hai, Triveni, Tathakathit bhagwano ke naam (awarded), Hullad ka Hullad,:Hazam ki hazamat and Aacha hai per kabhi kabhi.
He had several records produced by H.M.V and T-Series and he has been to Hong Kong, Bangkok, Canada, Australia, London, Manchester and America for various Kavi Sammelans.
He died aged 72 on 12 July 2014 in Mumbai after suffering diabetes and a thyroid problem. He left behind a wife, a son-Navneet Chaddha and two daughters.
USS Ara (AK-136) was a  Crater-class cargo ship commissioned by the US Navy for service in World War II. Ara is named after the constellation Ara. She was responsible for delivering troops, goods and equipment to locations in the Asiatic-Pacific Theater.
Ara was laid down on 17 July 1941, under a Maritime Commission (MARCOM) contract, MC hull No. 69, as the Liberty ship SS Daniel Boone, by California Shipbuilding Corporation, Terminal Island, Los Angeles, California; launched on 14 January 1942; sponsored by Mrs. J. K. Doolan; acquired by the Navy under a bare-boat charter on 3 December 1943; renamed Ara (AK-136); and commissioned on 4 January 1944, Lieutenant Commander William B. Hudgins in command.
On 23 July, Ara was ordered to proceed to Guam to deliver US Army personnel to that island. She remained offshore until 3 August, and then disembarked troops and unloaded equipment. Ara got underway for Eniwetok on 20 August, and arrived four days later. After a reprovisioning period, the transport sailed for Hawaii and moored at Pearl Harbor on 9 September.
The transport left the west coast on 6 October, bound, via the Panama Canal, for Norfolk, Virginia, and arrived there on 27 October.
She was decommissioned on 26 November, and turned over to the War Shipping Administration (WSA) in whose custody she resumed the name Daniel Boone. The name, Ara, was struck from the Navy List on 5 December. Ara was placed in the MARCOM National Defense Reserve Fleet, and was laid up in the James River, Lee Hall, Virginia.
On 26 October 1971, she was sold to Hierros Ardes, S.A., of Bilbao, Spain, for $71,520, to be scrapped. She was removed from the fleet 6 January 1972.
Ara won one battle star for her World War II service. Her crew was eligible for the following medals and campaign ribbons:
A list of films produced in the Cinema of Portugal ordered by year of release in the 1990s. For an alphabetical list of Portuguese films see Category:Portuguese films
The CHR/Hot AC format continued until November 1991, when WJRZ moved to a classic hits format, but went back to CHR by the middle of 1992. In December 1998, WJRZ dropped Hot AC in favor of country as "Jersey Shore Country." The country format had a mixed reaction from area listeners and failed to attract a significant number of listeners.
In June 2000, they switched to oldies and rebranded as "Oldies 100," and in 2002 ownership changed to Greater Media.
WJRZ-FM started broadcasting using HD Radio in November 2007. WJRZ-FM's HD2 subchannel was to be "Classic Oldies," however a launch date had not been established at that time.
WJRZ-FM re-branded as "100.1 WJRZ - The Greatest Hits Of the '60s & '70s" in early 2008, simply using "Jersey's Greatest Hits" and dropping all pre-Beatles music except for Sunday nights. The station dropped one of its signature programs- Jukebox Saturday Night with Joe Stephens in June 2009.
In 2010, Jeff Rafter was relieved of his duties at WJRZ-FM. He remains OM/PD at WMGQ. Glenn Kalina overtook the OM/PD role and became host of the station's new local morning show.
On January 6, 2015, longtime Program Director/Afternoon host Glenn Kalina announced his resignation of the positions and retirement from full-time radio. Assistant Program Director Matt Knight was elevated to Program Director/Afternoons while TJ Bryan fills the Assistant Program Director/Mornings role. Glenn continued to host "The Beatles: From Us To You" on Sunday mornings with Beatles authority Richie V.
On July 19, 2016, Beasley Media Group announced it would acquire Greater Media and its 21 stations (including WJRZ) for $240 million. The FCC approved the sale on October 6, and the sale closed on November 1.
Clean and Sober is a 1988 American drama film directed by Glenn Gordon Caron and starring Michael Keaton as a real estate agent struggling with a substance abuse problem. This film served as Keaton's first dramatic departure from comedies. The supporting cast includes Kathy Baker, M. Emmet Walsh, Morgan Freeman, Luca Bercovici and Tate Donovan.
Ron Howard, who previously directed Keaton in the comedies Night Shift (1982) and Gung Ho (1986), served as co-producer.
The film received generally favorable reviews at the time. The film critic Roger Ebert praised the "superb supporting performances" and noted, "Although the subject matter of this film is commonplace in our society...the actual process of surrender and recovery is hardly ever the subject of films, maybe because it seems too depressing." Variety wondered if the film was "perhaps too grim."  The film currently holds a 57% "rotten" rating on Rotten Tomatoes and 6.7/10 at IMDb
Michael Keaton won the 1988 National Society of Film Critics Award for Best Actor for his performances in both Clean and Sober and Beetlejuice.
Pony Express is an American western television series about the adventures of an agent in the 1860s of the Central Overland Express Company, better known as the Pony Express. The half-hour program starring Grant Sullivan was created by California National Productions. Pony Express ran for thirty-five episodes in syndication from the fall of 1959 until May 1960.
The series featured two recurring roles: Grant Sullivan as Brett Clark, a roving investigator for the company, and Don Dorrell as Donovan, a young Pony Express rider. The majority of the weekly episodes involved Clark and Donovan solving various Pony Express mysteries.
The Pony Express pilot, the first Western television pilot shot in colour, was shot in February 1957 with James Best in the lead. This version did not sell (although Best was included in a TV Guide photo feature on upcoming TV westerns in June of that year) but was later aired, slightly re-edited, as an episode of the syndicated series.
This article about a television show originating in the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
As part of his research Mirel used board of education proceedings, papers written by persons involved in the educational politics, and Detroit-area major newspapers.
The book's primary content involved politics related to school financing, including expenditures and taxation, with less emphasis going to changes in curriculum. Mirel argued that the social classes and races need to come together and cooperate so that the Detroit school system can be properly funded and maintain its academic standards; the author makes this view known in the epilogue. The second edition has a new epilogue that covers the late 1980s and the 1990s.
Arthur Zilversmit of Lake Forest College wrote that how Mirel relates national trends in desegregation relate to the local issues are a "real strength" of the book.
Jon C. Teaford of Purdue University wrote that the book's author "allocates blame and praise with a fairly even hand and appears unwilling to bend his data to conform to a preconceived end." Teaford stated that the lack of jargon and how it was "clearly written" were beneficial for the book.
For creating this book, Mirel won the 1994-95 "Outstanding Book Award" from Stanford University and the American Educational Research Association, and he also won the 1994 "Critics' Choice Award" from the American Educational Studies Association.
Daniel Perlstein of the University of California at Berkeley wrote that the book "thus demonstrates how historical scholarship on the decline of urban school systems can illuminate the relationship of critical educational issues to the broader political questions troubling America."
Harvey Kantor of the University of Utah argued that Mirel was correct in saying that divisions and race in class contributed to the downfall of the schools, but that Kantor argued that the necessity to restructure the education system to accommodate black stakeholders was the true underlying reason, and not due to any declining standards of education.
Teaford concluded that the book is "a superb account of the Detroit schools, and his study is a model for other scholars." Teaford argued that Mirel should have covered the period after 1981 (he had reviewed the first edition), included opinions and viewpoints from students, and included more "critical scrutiny" on school administrators and teachers.
Q. Cathy Towtongie is a Canadian Inuk politician from Rankin Inlet, Nunavut. She was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut in the 2017 general election to represent the electoral district of Rankin Inlet North-Chesterfield Inlet.
Prior to her election to the legislature, Towtongie served two terms as president of Nunavut Tunngavik from 2001 to 2004 and from 2010 to 2016. In this role, she faced criticism when she publicly objected to Iqaluit City Council's decision to raise a rainbow flag during the 2014 Winter Olympics in protest against the Russian gay propaganda law.
Al Rafaah is the name of a settlement in Umm Al Quwain, United Arab Emirates (UAE). It is a popular beach for camping and leisure activities.
Han Fei's primary goal in telling the story was to caution courtiers against getting too close to fickle rulers, but in later Chinese literature Mizi Xia became more alluded to for his beauty and his homosexuality.  The phrase "bitten peach" became a byword for homosexuality and Mizi Xia became a byword for a young man desired as a sexual partner.  Similar allusions would be later be applied to the "passion of the cut sleeve" and the Han dynasty courtier Dong Xian.
By the 12th century, male companions no longer tended to wield great power at the ducal or imperial courts, and the name Mizi Xia had become associated with common male prostitutes.  The narrowing of gender roles under the Qing dynasty and the influence of homophobic attitudes from the West would eventually make mention of "the bitten peach" completely taboo, so that today Mizi Xia is mostly unknown inside China.
Mizi Xia's story became known to the broader world through the writings of Europeans such as in Sexual Life in Ancient China by Robert van Gulik.  This book quotes from the early-20th century Xiangyan congshu or "Collected writings on fragrant elegance", which itself drew on earlier precedents such as those mentioned above.
Unsinn was coach of the German national team on three occasions, 1964, 1975 to 1977 and, again, from 1981 to 1990, coaching the team in 221 internationals.
He is a member of the IIHF Hall of Fame and has also been awarded the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany.
Paulo Freire Social Justice Charter School is a public charter high school in Chicopee, Massachusetts.  Its main focus is the social and emotional well-being of its students.
Yu began her career as a saleswoman in a department store. She took part in the repertory theatre, and once featured in The Taming of the Shrew. 
In 1950, Yu became an actress in Hong Kong films. Yu appeared in The Elderly Gentleman Searches for Romance, a 1950 Comedy film directed by Wong Hok-Sing. Yu's recent film is All's Well Ends Well 2020, a 2020 Comedy film directed by Raymond Wong Pak-Ming. Yu is credited with over 145 films.
In 2004, Yu donated 80,000 yuan for building an elementary school in Guizhou Province, China and the school is entitled Yu Mu Lian Hope School. On 22 June 2006, she acted as the ambassador of the charitable activity called 'Cascc famine eight hours'.
 With the adoption of the 1995 constitution & the establishment of ethnic federalism system in Ethiopia, parts of the expanded Wollo province, which were mostly inhabited by Afar people were given to the new Afar Region. The new Amhara Region absorbed the remainder of the province in the Ethiopian Highlands and kept the name Wollo for its two new zones (South Wollo Zone & North Wollo Zone). Wollo is known to be the origin of the four melodic-modes (kignits) of Ethiopia.[citation needed]
The Second Ganzouri Cabinet was led by Egyptian prime minister Kamal Ganzouri from 7 December 2011 to 26 June 2012. 28 ministers were sworn into Ganzouri's cabinet. The Cabinet headquarters in Cairo were the site of protests in mid-December 2011.
Arctostaphylos tomentosa is a species of manzanita known by the common name woollyleaf manzanita or woolley  manzanita. This shrub is endemic to California.
It is a resident of chaparral canyons, foothills, and lower-elevation mountains. One specialized habitat in which A. tomentosa is found is the Monterey Cypress forests at Point Lobos and Del Monte Forest in Monterey County, California.
This is a low-lying, spreading manzanita, generally quite a bit wider than it is tall. It is a variable species and even some of the subspecies can vary in appearance across individuals. The stems may be red or gray or both, with smooth, rough, or shreddy bark, hairless to quite bristly. The leaves may be oval to lance-shaped and sometimes toothed, but the upper surface is generally darker and shinier than the lower.
The flowers are white to pink and may be hairy or hairless inside. The fruits are fuzzy reddish drupes under a centimeter in diameter.
Newsbooks were the 17th-century precursors to today's newspapers. Originating in England and Scotland, they are distinct from the earlier news periodicals, known as corantos, which were sourced from Europe. 
The first newsbook was published in November 1641, and in the years 1641-2 there were 171 different editions available. The newsbooks were strongly partisan until Parliament regained control of the press in September 1649. 
In social psychology, the pratfall effect is the tendency for interpersonal appeal to change after an individual makes a mistake, depending on the individual's perceived competence. In particular, highly competent individuals tend to become more likable after committing mistakes, while average seeming individuals tend to become less likable even if they commit the same mistake.
Originally described in 1966 by Elliot Aronson, numerous studies have since been conducted to isolate the effects of gender, self-esteem, and blunder severity on change in appeal and likability. Occasionally referred to as the blemishing effect when used as a form of marketing, generalizations of the pratfall effect are often used to explain the counterintuitive benefits drawn from making mistakes.
Effects of pratfall are most directly applicable to males. Women tend to prefer the non-blunderer regardless of gender, and although findings of pratfall cannot be readily generalized to female populations, neither population preferred the mediocre blunderer.
Research by Mettee and Wilkins reveals that severity of pratfall plays a major role on determining attractiveness after a pratfall is committed. Experimentally, each condition was conveyed by changing the response of the interviewer and blunderer: 
An alternative explanation is that the pratfall effect is due to increased attention to the target individuals, which in turn results in better realization of their appropriateness and/or inappropriateness given the evaluation criteria.
Notably attributed to Kennedy in the aftermath of the Bay of the Pigs Invasion and to Apple's unsuccessful endeavors in  mapping/navigation services.
Jan Soukup began his karate training in Shotokan at the age of eleven before moving to Kagoshima, Japan in April 2001 to study Kyokushin in an uchi-deshi program. After training for four years and attaining the rank of second dan black belt, which he earned by completing a twenty-man kumite among other tests, he returned to the Czech Republic and opened his own Kyokushin dojo in August 2005.
Making the transition to professional kickboxing, Jan Soukup debuted in his native Czech Republic in 2008 with a first round knockout of Tonda Ungerman. Following this, he was recruited by K-1 and returned to Japan to train under Jayson Vemoa at the Ichigeki Academy where his sparring partners included Glaube Feitosa, Takumi Sato and former foe Ewerton Teixeira.
In his first K-1 match, Soukup faced reigning K-1 Heavyweight Champion Keijiro Maeda in non-title bout at the K-1 World Grand Prix 2009 in Tokyo Final 16 Qualifying GP in Tokyo, Japan on August 11, 2009. He was dropped with a short right hand towards the end of round two before being knocked out with a right hook in three.
McArthur Lake, formerly Clowey Lake, is a lake in the Northwest Territories, Canada. It is on the  Taltson River to the east of Great Slave Lake, and is just south of the tree line. In the past it may have been a center for canoe building.
A 2014 analysis of mercury in twenty specimens of lake trout found that 75% were over the commercial guideline and 100% over the frequent consumption guideline.  Analysis of four specimens of lake whitefish found that all were within the guidelines.
Gleat (stylized as GLEAT) is a Japanese professional wrestling promotion, founded in 2020 by former Pro Wrestling Noah (NOAH) parent company Lidet Entertainment after the acquisition of NOAH and DDT Pro-Wrestling by CyberAgent. The promotion is overseen by Hiroyuki Suzuki and former mixed martial artist and professional wrestler Kiyoshi Tamura. The promotion emphasizes the use of the UWFi combat sports-based wrestling style.
The list of cast members who have appeared as recurring cast members in Stanley Kubrick films has been relatively short. Some of the actors who have appeared in more than one film are listed in the table included in this section. The individual films may be consulted for the precise casting details in specific films.
Other observers of this similarity include Internet film critic Tim Dirks who has also noted that Sellers's smooth German-like accent and the chair-bound pose in this scene are similar to that of Dr. Strangelove. Finally, Barbara Wyllie, writing in Julian Connelly's anthology The Cambridge Companion to Nabokov, speaks of "Quilty's visit to the house in Beardsley, masquerading as Dr. Zempf, a German psychologist (a Sellers character that prefigures Dr. Strangelove in Kubrick's film of 1964)."
Miguel Santisteban (born 22 February 1960) is a Mexican swimmer. He competed in two events at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
This biographical article related to a Mexican swimmer is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Keg Purnell (January 7, 1915 - June 25, 1965) was an American swing jazz drummer. His influences include Chick Webb and Big Sid Catlett.
The Russian development of the city by necessity involved the uprooting of the location's original Chinese inhabitants. In the summer of 1899, this sparked an angry riot in which Chinese attacked the railway office with stones, dragging away the Chinese clerks and interpreters working for the Russians. Nevertheless, the city's development also brought opportunities, and during the years of Russian tenureship tens of thousands of Chinese migrated into the area.
In terms of the railroad, construction linking Dalniy with Harbin was begun apace and by January 1903 the rail link between the two cities was complete. In February 1903 the first express train arrived in Dalniy from Harbin and by that August Dalniy was successfully linked by rail to the Russian homeland.
In WWII Dalian was occupied by Japan. After WWII, with the unconditional surrender of Japan in September 1945, the city passed to the Soviets, following the Soviet invasion of Manchuria. Described in 1949 as "New China's model metropolis" by the Communist Party of China, the former colonial city was occupied by the Soviet military from 1945 to 1950. Soviet-inspired policies were enacted in the city and contributed to ideas of socialist urbanization.
Zing finger protein 644 (ZNF644) also known as zinc finger motif enhancer-binding protein 2 (Zep-2) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the ZNF644 gene.
The 2013 ACC Women's Championship was an international women's cricket tournament held in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand, from 23 to 31 January 2013. It was organised by the Asian Cricket Council (ACC).
The top five runscorers are included in this table, ranked by runs scored and then by batting average.
The top five wicket takers are listed in this table, ranked by wickets taken and then by bowling average.
CBFX-FM (100.7 MHz) is a public non-commercial radio station in Montreal, Quebec. It is the flagship station of the Ici Musique Network and broadcasts in French.
In 1998, CBF-FM changed its call sign. Its AM sister station, CBF, moved to the FM band and picked up the CBF-FM call letters. That required the former CBF-FM to switch to a new call sign, CBFX-FM.
In 2004, the network was renamed Espace Musique. And in 2014, it became Ici Musique, still with 100.7 CBFX-FM as its originating station.
Though CBFX-4 and CBFX-5 are technically rebroadcasters of CBFX, on-air idents show they actually rebroadcast Ottawa's CBOX-FM.
Lunghua Civil Assembly Centre was one of the internment camps eventually established by the Empire of Japan in Shanghai for European and American citizens, who had been resident under Japanese occupation since December 1941. Many had formerly lived in Shanghai within the Shanghai International Settlement before its occupation by the imperial Japanese army.
J. G. Ballard was interned in the camp as an adolescent. His experiences there inspired the book (and subsequent movie) Empire of the Sun.
"The camp was large, containing seven concrete buildings, five large wooden barracks (originally built as stables by the Japanese), and numerous outbuildings. There were fifty nine dorms and 127 rooms for families."
The recreation ground contained a football pitch and was in the area of ground between the Assembly Hall and Building D.
There were persistent issues with water supply and drainage.  The presence of malaria and typhoid were also a threat to public health.
Children interned in the camp attended classes at a school on the site which was called Lunhgwa Academy. The adults had jobs and a self-elected council. There were also various social activities such as parties and lectures.
Buildings A, B and C are no longer there, one of the Staff Residences has been demolished and one of the kitchens no longer exists. The ruined building adjacent to the Assembly Hall appears to have been rebuilt the same shape and there are several new buildings built on the site of the other ruined building. There are several new buildings between Building G and the Staff Residences. In addition, there is a road now between Building H and the rest of the site.
These descriptions were written by Richard Grimes from maps and documents produced by his grandfather Bertram John William Grimes who was interned in the camp from 17 March 1943 and was released on 20 October 1945. Richard's grandmother, Ethel Mary Grimes, and his father, Norman William Grimes, were also interned at Lunghua on 17 March 1943 and were released on 31 August 1945.
The statue depicts Wouters' wife and muse, Nel Deurinckx, in a dynamic and ecstatic dancing pose. Wouters very often painted, drew and sculpted his wife in charming, everyday settings, while she was sleeping, reading, or doing domestic chores. The Mad Maiden is exceptional because it shows her in such an unusually carefree way. With this sensual sculpture, Wouters clearly distanced himself from the emotionlessness of academic art of his time.
Wouters became inspired for this sculpture when he and Nel visited a 1907 performance by the American modern dance pioneer Isadora Duncan in the Muntschouwburg in Brussels.
Several copies of the sculpture were made, also after the artist's early death in 1916. Casts of the sculpture are part of the following art collections:
Minister of Finance (Estonian: Rahandusminister) is the senior minister at the Ministry of Finance (Rahandusministeerium) in the Estonian Government. The Minister is one of the most important members of the Estonian government, with responsibility for coordinating the government's policies on national finances. The position was originally established in 1918.
The Minister of Finance is chosen by the Prime Minister as a part of the government. The current Finance Minister is Keit Pentus-Rosimannus.
During the 1980s, Lloyd undertook work on several film productions, doing scene painting for Chariots of Fire, Flash Gordon, Breaking Glass and The Mirror Crack'd. In the 1990s, she published two books, including one on the art of making garlands and wreaths. Lloyd had several solo exhibitions at the Barbican Centre in London and had a solo exhibition at the Austin/Desmond Gallery in London in 1990 and examples of her paintings are held by the Nuffield Foundation and the Gulbenkian Trust.
In 1952, Lloyd married Jeff Hoare, a fellow artist who she had met while they were both students at the Chelsea School of Art. Together they had four children, the youngest of whom also became an artist. Father and daughter had a joint exhibition in 1999.
Before the Australian cricket team was scheduled to tour India and play a series of Test matches, one-day internationals and Twenty20 matches, it was doubtful if the Australian cricket team would tour India after the terror attacks in Delhi and the press briefing given by India's National Security Advisor M. K. Narayan that raised issues of security concern in the minds of Australia's cricketers.
Australia batted first and centuries from Ricky Ponting and Michael Hussey makes them put a score of 430 Indian pacer Zaheer Khan took five wickets. India reply with 360 with half centuries from Zaheer Khan and Harbhajan Singh . Australia declared their second innings at 228/6 setting up India a target of 299 in the final day of play and India batsmen played carefully to end the match to draw.    
India batted for almost two days to set themselves up in a dominant position. However the Australians were able to bat for another two days and save the test. The Indians declared late on the final day to give the retiring Anil Kumble a few final overs.
The flowers are located on the end of branches that have no leaves. These flowers have a bright pink to lilac color that is tinged with white. A pale yellow spot is usually at the flower's base.
G. sepium is native to tropical dry forests in Mexico and Central America. In addition to its native range it is cultivated in many tropical and subtropical regions, including the Caribbean, northern parts of South America, central Africa, parts of India,parts of Sri Lanka, parts of Myanmar and Southeast Asia.
The tree grows well in acidic soils with a pH of 4.5-6.2. The tree is found on volcanic soils in its native range in Central America and Mexico. However, it can also grow on sandy, clay, and limestone soils.
G. sepium was spread from its native range throughout the tropics to shade plantation crops such as coffee. Today it is used for many other purposes including live fencing, fodder, firewood, green manure, intercropping, and  rat poison. Its use expanded following the widespread defoliation of Leucaena by psyllid in the 1980s.  In the charsutri method of paddy cultivation, leaves of glyricidia are incorporated in soil during ploughing.
G. sepium is used as cut and carry forage for cattle, sheep, and goats. Its high protein content allows it to complement low-quality tropical forages. G. sepium can tolerate repeated cutting, every 2 to 4 months depending on the climate. Cutting G. sepium causes it to retain its leaves during the dry season when many forage crops have lost their leaves. In some cases it is the only source of feed during the dry season.
G. sepium trees are used for intercropping in part because they fix nitrogen in the soil and tolerate low soil fertility, so when they are interplanted with crops they can boost crop yields significantly, without the need of chemical fertilizers.
G. Sepium tolerates being cut back to crop height, and can even be coppiced, year after year. When the trees are cut back, they enter a temporary dormant state during which their root systems do not compete for nutrients needed by the crops, so the crops can establish themselves.
G. sepium is a fast-growing ruderal species that takes advantage of slash and burn practices in its native range. Because it is easily propagated and grows quickly, it is also planted to prevent topsoil erosion in the initial stages of reforesting denuded areas, and as an intermediate step to be taken before introducing species that take longer to grow.
The common name madre de cacao (literally "mother of cacao" in Spanish) used in Central America and the Philippines is in reference to its traditional use as shade trees for cocoa tree plantations.
G. sepium is widely used in the form of poles for live fencing in Cuba and India. This is one of the best plants used for traditional live fencing to protect agriculture and fruit bearing plantations from animals such as goats, cow, and buffalo. As a Caribbean native, G. sepium has traditionally been used for live fencing in Cuba. 
As in India, during the recent past one could see many living fences around mango and cashew orchards and agricultural properties in Goa, Maharashtra and Karnataka, erected with G. sepium and tied with bamboo rafters.
G. sepium is also used for its insect repellent properties. Farmers in Latin America often wash their livestock with a paste made of crushed G. sepium leaves to ward off torsalos (botflies). In the Philippines, the extract obtained from its leaves is made into anti-mange dog shampoo.
G. sepium seems to be toxic to non-ruminants. The generic name Gliricidia means "mouse killer" in reference to the traditional use of its toxic seeds and bark as rodenticides.
Some palatability challenges have been reported; animals seem to refuse the leaves on the basis of smell, but this depends on management and geography.
Another limitation is frost intolerance and the lack of adaptation to a cool season: it is a tropical plant.
In terms of cultivation, it requires the presence of pollinators, and it needs a dry season to germinate.
Further, it has invasive potential: its swift propagation has caused it to be considered a weed in Jamaica.
Until now G. sepium has remained free of serious diseases; only a number of insect problems are reported in exotic environments, but there are issues with defoliation under humid conditions.
In Indonesian Gliricidia sepium is known as gamal, which is an acronym for Ganjang Malaysia (Down with Malaysia.) 
A notable addition to the Pilgrims' squad was former England international Paul Gascoigne, who joined the club on a short-term basis, as a player-coach. Assigned his famous number 19 shirt for the forthcoming season, Gascoigne was presented in front of the media against his former club Newcastle, a game which he started. Gascoigne went on to make 10 appearances for Boston before leaving in October.
It was a season of mixed results, with the team only winning 14 of a possible 46 league games. This saw Boston finish in a comfortable 16th position, but this was disappointing to the fans, considering what many had predicted in August.
Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
 Punginipatti  is a village in the Annavasal revenue block of Pudukkottai district, Tamil Nadu, India.
As per the 2011 census, Punginipatti had a total population of 1912 with 925 males and 987 females. It has an average literacy rate of 64.86%.
This article related to a location in Pudukkottai district, Tamil Nadu, India is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article related to members of the fly subfamily Tachininae is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
By The Hand of the Father is an original theatrical work that combines spoken word, music, and video to dramatize the unique 20th century journey of the Mexican-American father.
The productions original music by singer/songwriter Alejandro Escovedo, is interwoven with stories written by Theresa Chavez, Oscar Garza, Eric Gutierrez and Rose Portillo; and video by Janice Tanaka. It is directed by Theresa Chavez, Artistic Director of About Productions; and produced by About Productions, a Los Angeles-based theater company; and Paula Batson Productions, an independent production company focusing on music projects.
Escovedo returned to the production in 2006 for performances at University of Texas, Brownsville (April, 2006), and University of Texas, Austin (April, 2006).
In 2002, the CD of songs and stories from the original theaterwork was released and included guest artists Pete Escovedo, Rosie Flores, Ruben Ramos and Cesar Rosas (of Los Lobos).
The remarkable characters were beautifully performed by Rose Portillo and Kevin Sifuentes on the tour and album as well.  By the Hand of the Father (album)
Stephen O'Shaughnessy (born 13 October 1967) is a Welsh former professional footballer who is manager of Airbus UK Broughton. As a player, he made more than 200 appearances in the Football League.
O'Shaughnessy or "Shaughssa" as he is affectionately known was born in Wrexham and started his career as an apprentice at Leeds United, before moving onto Bradford City, where he made one league appearance.
In 1988, O'Shaughnessy was signed by former Leeds United midfielder and manager Eddie Gray for Rochdale. In three seasons at Spotland, O'Shaughnessy enjoyed arguably the most successful spell in his career scoring 16 goals in 109 League appearances and reaching the 5th Round of the 1990 FA Cup . During this time, O'Shaughnessy earned the nickname the "Master Blaster" for his skill at taking long distance free-kicks.
After this, Steve went to a roundabout of clubs, including Stalybridge Celtic and Buler Rangers in Hong Kong, before returning to play in the League of Wales.
In 153 League of Wales appearances, O'Shaughnessy played for Inter Cardiff, Barry Town, Holywell Town, Rhyl, Caernarfon Town, T.N.S. Llansantfraid, Bangor City, Oswestry Town and NEWI Cefn Druids.
On 27 September 2006, O'Shaughnessy was named as the new manager of Caernarfon Town.[citation needed]
In June 2008, O'Shaughnessy left Caernarfon Town and joined Connah's Quay Nomads as manager, but left the club after one season in charge.
Tsai obtained her bachelor's degree in biology from National Taiwan Normal University, master's degree in natural resource management from Ohio State University in the United States and doctoral degree in geography from National Taiwan University.
Ari-Pekka Heikkinen (born 8 April 1957) is a Finnish footballer who competed in the men's tournament at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
This biographical article relating to Finnish football is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Ducks and Drakes is a 1921 American silent comedy film produced and released by Realart Pictures, an offshoot of Paramount Pictures. It was directed by stage producer/director Maurice Campbell and stars Bebe Daniels (also a producer on this film) and Jack Holt. Elmer Harris provided the story and screenplay. A copy is held at the Library of Congress.
This article about a silent comedy film from the 1920s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Rafael Soto (born 14 October 1957) is a Spanish equestrian and Olympic medalist. He was born in Jerez de la Frontera. He won a silver medal in dressage at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens.
This biographical article related to Spanish equestrianism is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
After five seasons in the National League (formerly Conference Premier), Woking acrimoniously parted company with Garry Hill after six-and-a-half years at the helm.
Woking play their home games at Kingfield Stadium (currently The Laithwaite Community Stadium for sponsorship reasons), Kingfield Road, Woking, GU22 9AA.
For many years Woking's main rivals have been Stevenage and Aldershot Town, where games attract larger than average crowds. Stevenage are Woking's historic rivals due to animosity in the 1990s, while the rivalry with Aldershot is a more recent rivalry due to locality. Torquay United have also become minor rivals due to intense games and competition in the past couple of years despite their distance from one another.
Aldershot Town and Woking have met competitively on 30 occasions. Aldershot Town have won 17 times, Woking 7 times and there has been 6 drawn matches.
Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
1. Players that have gone onto play in the football league or any foreign equivalent to this level (i.e. fully professional league). 2. Players with full international caps. 3. Players that hold a club record
A design competition or design contest is a competition in which an entity solicits design proposals from the public for a specified purpose.
An architectural design competition solicits architects to submit design proposals for a building, bridge, or other structure. Such competitions may be open, receiving bids internationally, domestically, or regionally. The competition may occur in a single stage, or involve two stages, the first of which eliminates non-viable candidates.
Famous early examples of design competitions were for the Acropolis of Athens in 448 BCE, and the dome of the Florence Cathedral in 1418.
Coin and stamp design contests solicit designs to appear on the face of stamps and usually the obverse of coins. In 1998, the Royal Canadian Mint held the Millennium Coin Design Contest, a competition for the design of 24 quarters, one for each month of 1999 and 2000.
The design of artistic objects and monuments is a common subject in design competitions. A well-known example is the Vietnam Veterans Memorial in Washington D.C. designed by Maya Lin.
Urban and landscape projects may solicit design proposals in a competition. Among them are projects for urban parks, streetscapes, and rehabilitation of natural areas.
Specific rules are included in the EU's Directive on Public Contracts for the conduct of a design contest organised as part of a procedure leading to the award of a public contract or a design contest with prizes or payments to participants.
A student design competition is a student competition to introduce students to real-world engineering practices and design.
His hometown was Khanh Tien commune, Yen Khanh district, Ninh Binh province. He was ordained at the age of 5.
This article about a member of the Buddhist clergy is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Paul Manners (born 27 September 1953) is a British singer, musician, composer and producer best known for being the vocalist of the Italian pop band I Cugini di Campagna from 1978 to 1985. He is the founder and leader of Grammar School, a rock band based in Italy since 1986 and has produced many international stars including, Tina Arena, Sylvie Vartan and Kelly Joyce.
Brown was born in Kingston, Jamaica, to Janette Smellie (who was listed as a free woman of colour on his baptism) and Major Gustav Heinrich Gottlieb Braun (Brown), a German-born officer in the King's Royal Rifle Corps.
Brown was commissioned into the 24th Regiment of Foot. Having served as a brigadier-general at Aldershot, he was promoted to major-general and made commander of British Troops in China and Hong Kong in 1863. During his term in command he put down a disturbance at Taitsan; allegations were made at the time about cruelty by British troops but were subsequently dismissed as groundless.
This biographical article related to the British Army is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The first two modern instruments were built by Besson on the suggestion of American Bandmaster John Philip Sousa, who toured using one in his band from 1896-1898. One of this pair, the only known playable instrument of its kind, is owned by the Harvard University Band and is still played periodically in concerts.
Reveille is a historic mansion in Pulaski, Tennessee. It was built in 1868 for Benjamin Franklin Carter, a veteran of the Confederate States Army. It was designed in the Italianate architectural style. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since October 28, 1994.
This article about a property in Giles County, Tennessee on the National Register of Historic Places is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Ezmo was a free, online music player launched on 8 June 2007 which allowed users to stream and share their personal music collections. Ezmo was in its beta phase when it was discontinued on 14 March 2008 due to a lack of funding. The service used technology from Fast Search & Transfer and Adobe Flex. Ezmo was a fully owned subsidiary of Fast Search & Transfer.
Users could upload music from iTunes or Windows Media Player to their Ezmo accounts, and share their songs with up to ten friends.
A crop (sometimes also called a croup or a craw, ingluvies, or sublingual pouch) is a thin-walled expanded portion of the alimentary tract used for the storage of food prior to digestion. This anatomical structure is found in a wide variety of animals. It has been found in birds, and in invertebrate animals including gastropods (snails and slugs), earthworms, leeches, and insects.
Cropping is used by bees to temporarily store nectar of flowers. When bees "suck" nectar, it is stored in their crops. Other Hymenoptera also use crops to store liquid food. The crop in eusocial insects, such as ants, has specialized to be distensible, and this specialization enables important communication between colonial insects through trophallaxis.  The crop can be found in the foregut of insects. 
In a bird's digestive system, the crop is an expanded, muscular pouch near the gullet or throat.  It is a part of the digestive tract, essentially an enlarged part of the esophagus.  As with most other organisms that have a crop, it is used to temporarily store food.  Not all bird species have one.  In adult doves and pigeons, it can produce crop milk to feed newly hatched birds.
Scavenging birds, such as vultures, will gorge themselves when prey is abundant, causing their crop to bulge. They subsequently sit, sleepy or half torpid, to digest their food.
Most raptors, including hawks, eagles and vultures (as stated above), have a crop; however, owls do not. Similarly, all true quail (Old World quail and New World quail) have a crop, but buttonquail do not. Chickens, turkeys, ducks[citation needed] and geese possess a crop, as do parrots.
In the Sherlock Holmes story "The Adventure of the Blue Carbuncle" (1892), author Arthur Conan Doyle hid a valuable gem inside a goose's crop.  
"Craw" is an obsolete term for "crop", and this is still seen in the saying "it sticks in my craw" meaning "I can't [metaphorically] swallow it", that is, that a situation or other entity is unacceptable, or at any rate annoying.
In its human form it is said to appear as a handsome man, and can be recognised as a mythological creature only by the water weeds or profuse sand and mud in its hair. Because of this, people in the Highlands were often wary of lone animals and strangers by the water's edge, near where the each-uisge was reputed to live.
Along with its human victims, cattle and sheep were also often prey to the each-uisge, and it could be lured out of the water by the smell of roasted meat.  One story from John McKay's More West Highland Tales runs thus:
The aughisky or Irish water horse is similar in many respects to the Scottish version. It sometimes comes out of the water to gallop on land and, despite the danger, if the aughisky can be caught and tamed then it will make the finest of steeds provided it is not allowed to glimpse the ocean.
The cabyll-ushtey (or cabbyl-ushtey), the Manx water horse, is just as ravenous as the each-uisge though there are not as many tales told about it. One of them recounts how a cabbyl-ushtey emerged from the Awin Dhoo (Black River) and devoured a farmer's cow, then later it took his teenaged daughter.
The appearance of the each-uisge on the Isle of Skye was described by Gordon in 1995 as having a parrot-like beak, and this, with its habit of diving suddenly, could be from real-life encounters with a sea turtle such as the leatherback sea turtle.
Beilschmiedia insignis is a species of plant in the family Lauraceae. It is a tree endemic to Peninsular Malaysia.
The diocese encompasses a Diocesan Serbian Sisters Association which was founded on February 2, 1985, in Mississauga.
The British Thomson-Houston Company War Memorial is a First World War memorial in Rugby, Warwickshire, in the West Midlands of England. It was erected by the British Thomson-Houston Company in memory of the firm's employees who left to fight in the First World War and were killed in service. Designed by Sir Edwin Lutyens, it was unveiled in 1921 and is now a grade II* listed building.
British Thomson-Houston was an engineering firm based in Rugby, majority owned by General Electric. During the First World War, the Rugby factory produced components for the Royal Navy, including signalling and radio equipment. The memorial is dedicated to the 243 company employees who were killed fighting in the First World War and was later rededicated to include 175 employees killed in the Second World War.
The British Thomson-Houston memorial was one of six war memorials designed by Lutyens for a private company, the others being the large Midland Railway and North Eastern Railway memorials in Derby and York respectively, and smaller indoor memorials for Imperial Tobacco, the London Assurance Company, and Lloyd's of London.
When unveiled, the memorial sat at the former entrance to the British Thomson-Houston factory on Mill Road. The site was redeveloped in 2010 and the memorial was relocated to a site around 400 metres (1,300 feet) away on Technology Drive, formerly occupied by the firm's electrical engineering works.
Tashkooh which also named Atashkooh (in Persian means Fire Mount), is known for its permanent flames. This mount is always firing, because of the sulfur vapors rising from the porous layer of mountain surface and firing affected by the sublimation and nebulization.
Protesting and riots took place on 21 and 22 May 2019 in Jakarta, the capital of Indonesia, mainly around the Tanah Abang district of Central Jakarta and in West Jakarta. The unrest followed former general Prabowo Subianto's refusal to accept defeat in the 2019 Indonesian presidential election to incumbent President Joko Widodo, also known as Jokowi.
Prabowo's campaign team had called for protests after preliminary results showed Jokowi's victory. The protests commenced on the day of the official announcement of the election result on 21 May. Tense protests around the election agencies' buildings were followed by rioting on the night of 21 May in several areas. Eight people were reported killed by security officers through extrajudicial killings, while hundreds other were injured.
Amnesty International released a report which condemning the brutal treatments on protesters as "grave human rights violations."
Prabowo's supporters and campaign team planned for a demonstration at the KPU office on the expected announcement date of 22 May 2019, calling for the disqualification of Jokowi, and stated they intended the protests to be peaceful. Prabowo insisted he would not accept the election result, and his campaign team requested KPU to stop tallying votes. Opposition figure Fadli Zon indicated that Prabowo would not challenge the results at the Constitutional Court, citing Prabowo's loss in 2014.
The U.S. and Singaporean embassies in Jakarta issued security notices warning their citizens to avoid the protests. Ahead of the protests, Polri put Jakarta at Siaga 1, the highest security alert, for the period between 21 and 25 May.
Early on 22 May, a group of unidentified individuals burned down cars parked in front of a Brimob dormitory in KS Tubun road of Petamburan, Tanah Abang. There were no casualties from the event. Police officers deployed water cannons and tear gas to disperse the mob, which was at the location. The group was then reported to have dispersed into nearby residential areas. The streets leading to the location were then closed off by police.
Authorities announced on 22 May that the sending of images and videos via social media applications, such as WhatsApp, would be restricted temporarily to prevent the spread of hoaxes and provocative content.
Riots continued in the night, with one fire truck being hijacked by a mob and its crew coerced to spray the anti-riot police. A rioting mob in Slipi, Palmerah was encountered by Indonesian Marine Corps troops, who negotiated with the group. The following day, Prabowo called on his supporters to "go home, rest and put their trust in the law", stating his intent to contest the election results.
The Tanah Abang textile market, the largest such market in Southeast Asia, was temporarily closed due to access towards the location being blocked by the riots. The exchange rate for the Indonesian Rupiah dropped due to political concerns. TransJakarta suspended 14 of its routes passing through the Tanah Abang area due to the unconducive situation. In Surabaya, mayor Tri Rismaharini instructed that pupils be given a day off school on 22 May partly due to safety concerns from parents.
Roadhouse was born in Sheffield, but lived in Moss Side, Manchester from an early age. He taught himself how to play the saxophone. Originally an aircraft fitter with Metropolitan-Vickers at Trafford Park, he began to play with local dance groups during his spare evenings. He got his first big break when he became a member of the Teddy Foster orchestra in 1948. He later went on to join the BBC Northern Variety Orchestra in 1953.
He opened up his music store, Johnny Roadhouse Music in 1955 on Oxford Road in the Chorlton-on-Medlock area of Manchester. His store became a cornerstone for Manchester music and was used by several famous musicians and groups including Paul McCartney, Oasis and The Smiths. In his retirement he passed the running of the store over to his son, John Roadhouse.
He was presented with a Lifetime Achievement award by the Lord Mayor of Manchester in 2005. He died on 11 April 2009.
The Panama Canal Authority is established under Title XIV of the National Constitution, and has exclusive responsibility for the operation, administration, management, preservation, maintenance, and modernization of the canal. It is responsible for the operation of the canal in a safe, continuous, efficient, and profitable manner.
The Organic Law of the Panama Canal Authority, passed on June 11, 1997, provides the legal framework for the canal's organization and operation.
Because of its unique nature, the ACP has financial autonomy, as well as ownership of the canal's assets.
The Board of Directors is responsible for establishing policies for the operation, improvement, and modernization of the Canal, as well as supervising its management pursuant to the National Constitution, the Panama Canal Authority Organic Law, and the Regulations thereto appertaining.
The Directors shall serve in their posts for a term of 9 years, and may only be removed for the reasons set forth in Article 20 of the Panama Canal Authority Organic Law.
The Panama Canal is defined by law to be an inalienable patrimony of the Republic of Panama. Therefore, it may  not be sold, assigned, mortgaged, or otherwise encumbered or transferred.
The Panama Canal Authority Board of Directors is responsible for establishing policies for the operation, improvement, and modernization of the Canal, as well as supervising its management.
According to the medieval Georgian chronicles, the Donauris originated in the district of Gardabani and grew up to virtual independence as the princes of Kakheti with the title of k'orepiskoposi (a title adapted from the Greek chorepiscopus, normally a rural bishop). The two princes of the Donauri family were: Samuel (r. 839-861) and Gabriel (r. 861-881).
This article about a member of the Georgian nobility is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This biographical article relating to a college football coach first appointed in the 1920s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Milton Cuyler, Jr. (born October 7, 1968) is a former major league outfielder drafted by the Detroit Tigers in the second round of the 1986 amateur draft. He finished third behind Juan Guzman and winner Chuck Knoblauch for the 1991 American League Rookie of the Year award.
This biographical article relating to an American baseball outfielder born in the 1960s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
KSCW-LP is a low-power radio station ("103.1 on your FM dial") located in Sun City West, Arizona. KSCW's license is owned by Recreation Centers of Sun City West, Inc., and the station is run entirely by a volunteer staff (through the Sun City West Broadcast Club) and is funded primarily through fundraisers. KSCW features a wide variety of programming.
Nina Wedell is a professor of evolutionary biology at the University of Exeter in the United Kingdom. She is known for her research on female multiple mating, polyandry. 
Wedell has a B.Sc. (1984), an M.Sc (1986), a Ph.D. (1993), and D.Sc (1997) from Stockholm University. Following her Ph.D, she was a postdoc at the University of Liverpool from 1993 until 1996. Subsequently she held research positions at Stockholm University and the University of Leeds, before taking a position at the University of Exeter in 2004. She was promoted to professor in 2009. Since 2018, she has also been the Associate Dean for Research.
She was awarded the Australian Laureate Fellowship as recongition for her work in evolutionary biology. She received the Royal Society Wolfson Award in 2011. The European Molecular Biology Organization elected her as a life-long member in 2014.
Merici Academy was an all-girls school in Havana, Cuba, run by North American Ursuline nuns.  The school was in existence from 1941 to 1961, when it was closed as a result of the Cuban Revolution.
Merici Academy was an elementary and secondary school.  Teaching at the academy was conducted in English, with the exception of classes in Language, History and Geography of Cuba, and Civics, which were required by law to be conducted in Spanish. Merici Academy was accredited by the U.S. Southern Association of Colleges and Secondary Schools.
When the United States broke diplomatic relations with Cuba in January 1961, the American nuns returned to the United States.  Merici Academy remained open until May 1961, when it was confiscated by the Cuban government.  Many Merici Academy students were sent to New Orleans and other cities in the United States to finish their education.
In 1966, the Merici Academy Alumnae Association, sometimes also referred to as Merici Academy Alumnae in Exile, was founded in Miami, FL.
Lowell Murray, PC (born 26 September 1936) is a former Canadian senator and long-time activist with the federal Progressive Conservative Party.
Murray graduated from St. Francis Xavier University in 1955. He met 16-year-old Brian Mulroney there; the two became close friends and associates in the PC Party.  He later earned an MPA from Queen's University.
In 1961, he became an assistant to federal justice minister Davie Fulton. Later, he served as chief of staff to Progressive Conservative leader Robert Stanfield and then was New Brunswick premier Richard Hatfield's senior advisor.
In 2003, Murray joined with Clark to oppose the merger of the Progressive Conservative Party with the Canadian Alliance to form the Conservative Party of Canada. When the new party was created, he refused to join the new Conservative caucus, and, until his retirement remained one of two senators (the other being Elaine McCoy) to sit as "Progressive Conservatives" even though the federal Progressive Conservative Party had been formally dissolved.
Murray was the last senator appointed on the advice of Prime Minister Clark to sit in the Senate. He was the longest-serving member of the body upon his mandatory retirement from the Senate on 26 September 2011, when he attained the age of 75.
Ma Janine Hansen (born 5 July 1989), known as Janine Hansen, is a Luxembourger former footballer who played as a forward. She has been a member of the Luxembourg women's national team.
This biographical article related to women's association football in Luxembourg is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Stephen Duprey is a prominent figure in New Hampshire Republican politics and a Republican National Committee member from Concord, New Hampshire. He and his wife Susan Duprey have participated in 30 campaigns since 1970. At age 19, he became the country's youngest state representative. Duprey served as chair of the New Hampshire Republican Party for four terms. In January 2020, he resigned after being defeated by Hillsborough County Republican Chair and conservative activist Chris Ager.
Duprey is a graduate of Cornell Law School. His wife Susan Duprey is a graduate of Northeastern University School of Law. They have three children.
Washington Van Duzen patented the first marine railway in Philadelphia, in 1834.  It was subsequently built by J. & W. Van Dusen & Co., at Kensington, Philadelphia in 1834-35.
Mathew Van Dusen was mentor to Domingo Marcucci who later became an important early shipbuilder in San Francisco.
The series launched on Channel 4 on 28 May 2004 and ended on 6 August 2004. It lasted 71 days - the longest series of Big Brother at the time and the eighth longest series to date. Davina McCall returned as presenter for her fifth consecutive year. Twelve housemates entered on launch night, with one additional housemate being introduced in the fifth week.
The series was watched by an average of 5.1 million viewers, the second highest viewed series of the show to date (after Big Brother 3).
For the first time ever, housemates were selected via open auditions rather than via home video. The open audition process would go on to feature in each subsequent series until the thirteenth series in 2012.
The series followed the same format as previous series of the programme. Twelve housemates lived in isolation from the outside world in a custom built house for a period of 71 days, hoping to be the last one to leave the house as the winner, and walk away with a large cash prize.
The series premiered on 28 May 2004, on Channel 4. The contestants were recorded 24 hours a day with cameras fixed around the house, and had to wear portable microphones. Big Brother 5 was the third of the main series to feature a live launch. The launch night saw Davina give a house tour, as well as discuss rumors that had been going on about the series. She then introduced the new Housemates, and they entered the house live.
Spin-off programme Big Brother's Little Brother returned for a fourth year and second year on Channel 4, and was hosted once again by Dermot O'Leary. Live coverage continued to be a major part of E4's daily and nightly schedule.
The Saturday Night Live spin-off series, first introduced in Big Brother 3, saw Housemates competing in live tasks. It would last until midway through this, when it was axed due to poor ratings.
On Day 20 in the House, a series of altercations began in the House, which eventually escalated and became physical. The incident was subsequently referred to as "Fight Night" by the press, by fans of the show, and, in a live episode the night after the incident was shown, by presenter Davina McCall.
On Day 15, Emma and Michelle were sent to a secret room in the House named "the Bedsit" as part of a fake eviction. They were given access to live streaming from the House, were able to observe housemates' conversations and play pranks on them. Under the impression that they had been evicted, some of the remaining housemates spoke poorly of Emma and Michelle.
On 16 June, which was Day 20 in the House, Emma and Michelle were returned to the House from the Bedsit. Upon their return, the housemates were provided with fancy dress costumes, party food and alcohol.
In the early hours of 17 June, some of the housemates engaged in a playful food fight, leaving the communal living area in a mess. When Jason insisted that they tidy up their mess, Marco refused, prompting an argument between the pair. Nadia and Emma intervened in defence of Marco, with Nadia flipping over a table and, at one point, she slapped Jason.
The arguments led to Shell becoming very emotional, and she hid in the bathroom where she was comforted by Vanessa. Nadia entered the bathroom with the intent of apologising for upsetting Shell, but ended up having an argument with Vanessa.
At the beginning of the altercations, Big Brother placed security guards into the camera runs surrounding the House. Approximately twenty minutes after the altercations began, Big Brother sent the guards into the House via the bedroom. Housemates were then separated and monitored throughout the night by guards stationed within the House.
The events of the night led Jason to decide to walk from the game, though he was later talked out of it.[citation needed] Emma was placed back in the Bedsit, in an attempt to separate her from the rest of the housemates. Housemates Jason, Marco, Nadia, Vanessa, and Victor were all given formal warnings by Big Brother as a result of their behaviour during the incident.
Professor David Wilson, a criminologist working as a consultant on the series, decided to leave Big Brother.
On 19 June, two days after the incident, Hertfordshire Constabulary released a joint statement with Channel 4 and Endemol, noting that they were "happy with the steps that Channel 4 and Endemol have taken since [the incident] to guarantee the safety of the housemates".
On the same day as Ofcom's adjudication was published, Channel 4 responded, stating: "The producers at the Elstree studio were very confident that the situation in the house was under their control [...] they decided that the events in the house should be relayed to viewers until the shouting had abated to reassure viewers that the outcome was not as bad as they might otherwise have imagined. Ofcom took a different view and we must accept their decision."
The fight was later spoofed on the MTV series TRL, during which Emma, Marco, Vanessa, and Victor were present.
This figure of speech is mostly used in connection with expressions derived from equality, such as uniqueness or count. For example, x is unique up to R means that all objects x under consideration are in the same equivalence class with respect to the relation R.
Equivalence relations are often used to disregard possible differences of objects, so "up to R" can be understood informally as "ignoring the same subtleties as R does". In the factorization example, "up to ordering" means "ignoring the particular ordering".
Further examples include "up to isomorphism", "up to permutations", and "up to rotations", which are described in the Examples section.
In informal contexts, mathematicians often use the word modulo (or simply "mod") for similar purposes, as in "modulo isomorphism".
The regular n-gon, for given n, is unique up to similarity. In other words, if all similar n-gons are considered instances of the same n-gon, then there is only one regular n-gon.
In computer science, the term up-to techniques is a precisely defined notion that refers to certain proof techniques for (weak) bisimulation, and to relate processes that only behave similarly up to unobservable steps.
The Khor Virap State Sanctuary is a wetland and protected area that was established within the administrative borders of Pokr Vedi village of the Ararat Province of Armenia, on the left bank of the Khor Virap Church of the Arax River and on 50.28 hectares of moist land of the right-hand side of Artashat, formerly the capital of Armenia.
The main purpose of the organization of the Sanctuary is to ensure the preservation, normal development, reproduction and sustainable use of the ecosystem of wetlands of international significance, flora and fauna, especially for waterfowl and their habitats, rare plant species and their habitats. The specially protected objects of the Sanctuary area are the unique wildlife and water-swamp flora of the ecosystem of the Arax wetlands.
The Khor Virap water-swamp ecosystem is distinguished by the rare species of flora and fauna, which are endangered to disappearance. In this area and its surroundings, there are such rare species as Falcaria falcarioides, Inula aucheriana, Sonchus araraticus, from the Chenopodiaceae species - Alhagi pseudoalhagi, Amberboa iljiniana, Tamarix octandra and so on.
The Khor Virap water-swamp area is of great importance as a habitat for a number of watering and waterfowl birds and as a resting place during the seasonal flight of birds.  In particular, marbled duck (Marmaronetta angustirostris) and white-headed duck (Oxyura leucocephala)  live here among the world-endangered birds, while the Dalmatian pelican (Pelecanus crispus) during the flight.
In addition to the birds, the bats of the Red Book of Armenia, i.e. Mehely's horseshoe bat (Rhinolophus mehelyi), the Levant barbastelle (Barbastella leucomelas) and the Schreibers' long-fingered bat, search for food here in the hot months of the year.[full citation needed]
The water-swamp area creates a unique moist microclimate that is evidenced by dry climatic conditions during the summer drought and even in winter when the green color of the water-swamp flora gives a special beauty to the environment.
Thus, the Khor Virap water-swamp area is distinguished by its high ecological, scientific and recreational significance, the loss of which, in particular, as an area for waterfowl birds, will cause irreversible damage to Armenia's biodiversity.
Geir Ludvig Aasen Ouren (born August 26, 1974) is a Norwegian cross-country skier who has competed since 1999. His best World Cup finish was fifth on four occasions between 2004 and 2009.
This biographical article relating to Norwegian cross-country skiing is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Battle of Tarentum of 209 BC was a battle in the Second Punic War. The Romans, led by Quintus Fabius Maximus Verrucosus, recaptured the city of Tarentum that had betrayed them in the first Battle of Tarentum in 212 BC. This time the commander of the city, Carthalo, turned against the Carthaginians, and supported the Romans.
Fabius drew Hannibal away from Tarentum by sending the garrison of Rhegium to plunder the lands of the Bruttians and to take Caulonia. Hannibal went to the aid of the Bruttians.
On the sixth day of the siege it was arranged that the commander would help the Romans gain entry to Tarentum. Fabius took a cohort to the appointed place while the rest of the army attacked the walls, luring the cities defenders away. The Bruttian gave the signal and Fabius and his men scaled the walls and took the city. (Plutarch does not mention what the Bruttian commander does to aid the Romans)
According to Plutarch (Life of Fabius Maximus 23.1), Hannibal was within five miles when Tarentum fell to the Romans. He is said to have remarked in public that "It seems that the Romans have found another Hannibal, for we have lost Tarentum in the same way we took it."
This article about a battle or war of Ancient Roman history is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Azaly Ben Marofo (born 1946) is a former Malagasy foreign minister. In February 2002, when President Marc Ravalomanana won election, Ben Marofo was his initial choice as foreign minister. However, he was replaced in May by Marcel Ranjeva. He was the second of three foreign ministers in 2002. He was the 14th person to hold the position since independence.
Adriana Albini (born 1955) is an Italian pathologist and cancer researcher. She developed the concept of angioprevention which can be used to control cancer development. She is a competitive fencer and six of her novels have been published. In 2000 she was the Scientific Director at the Fondazione MultiMedica Onlus in Milan.
In 1985 she had her doctorate and she was employed in research at the Max-Planck Institute for Biochemistry.
Albini has written six novels under a nom de plume. She is also a competitive fencer and in May 2015 she won the silver medal at the 2015 European Veteran Fencing championship in her age class behind Marja-Liisa Someroja of Finland.
Jay Sebring....Cutting to the Truth is a 2020 American documentary film that studies Jay Sebring's life as the first international pioneer in the industry of men's style and hair.  Cited as the inspiration for Warren Beatty's character in the 1975 film Shampoo, Jay Sebring's life ended at age 35 when he and four others were killed by the Manson family in what would become known as the Tate murders.
The Jay Sebring....Cutting to the Truth musical score was created by Jeff Beal, who is noted for his Blackfish documentary soundtrack, among others.
Jordan Raup of The Film Stage noted the film's revelation of Jay Sebring as a "great influence on a generation of Hollywood stars, from Marlon Brando to Bruce Lee," while USA Today included the documentary in its exclusive "All the Fall Movies You'll Want To Stream".
William Friedkin, director of The French Connection and the original Exorcist said, "Jay Sebring....Cutting to the Truth is an important, wonderful film and should be seen by as many people as possible."
In enzymology, an isonocardicin synthase (EC 2.5.1.38) is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
Thus, the two substrates of this enzyme are S-adenosyl-L-methionine and nocardicin E, whereas its two products are 5'-methylthioadenosine and isonocardicin A.
This enzyme belongs to the family of transferases, specifically those transferring aryl or alkyl groups other than methyl groups.  The systematic name of this enzyme class is S-adenosyl-L-methionine:nocardicin-E 3-amino-3-carboxypropyltransferase. This enzyme is also called nocardicin aminocarboxypropyltransferase.
Herman Roosdorp was a Dutch racing driver who lived a long period of his life in Belgium. He was born on 19 April 1895. He started as a house painter before becoming a car dealer. He was the first Dutch man to buy a Ferrari. In Antwerp (Borgerhout) he owned a garage and was dealer for Vanguard. His daughter Anni Roosdorp did also pursue a racing career.
The Swingin'est is an album by American trombonist Bennie Green and saxophonist Gene Ammons recorded in 1958 and released on the Vee-Jay label. The album has also been released under the title Juggin' Around.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 2 stars and stated "The emphasis is on the blues and very basic chord changes on this relaxed jam session... Due to the similarity of the material plus three alternate takes that have been added to augment the original program, it is advisable to listen to this CD in small doses".
The FA Charity Shield was founded in 1908 as a successor to the Sheriff of London Charity Shield. It was a contest between the respective champions of the Football League and Southern League, and then by 1913 teams of amateur and professional players. In 1921, it was played by the Football League champions and FA Cup winners for the first time. After a ten-year absence due to the suspension of football during the Second World War, the Charity Shield made a return in 1948.
Loughborough MCC University (previously known as Loughborough University Centre of Cricketing Excellence) is a cricket coaching centre based at Loughborough University in Loughborough, Leicestershire, England, and the name under which the university's cricket team plays.
The former Loughborough University Centre of Cricketing Excellence played 27 first-class matches from 2001 to 2009. As Loughborough Marylebone Cricket Club University, the team has played fourteen first-class matches from 2010 to 2015.
The coaching centre is largely funded by the Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC).  It is also the location of England's National Cricket Academy and is frequently used by the England team as a training base.
Since obtaining first-class status in 2003, the university has produced a large number of cricketers who have obtained professional county contracts, while others such as Monty Panesar have gone on to play international cricket.
Protein prenylation involves the transfer of either a farnesyl or a geranylgeranyl moiety to C-terminal cysteine(s) of the target protein. There are three enzymes that carry out prenylation in the cell, farnesyl transferase, Caax protease and geranylgeranyl transferase I.
In addition to GTPases, the protein kinase GRK1 also known as rhodopsin kinase (RK) has been shown to undergo farnesylation and carboxyl methylation directed by the carboxyl terminal CVLS CaaX box sequence of the protein. The functional consequence of these post-translational modifications have been shown to play a role in regulating the light-dependent phosphorylation of rhodopsin, a mechanism involved in light adaptation.
FTIs can also be used to inhibit farnesylation in parasites such as trypanosoma brucei and malaria. Parasites seem to be more vulnerable to inhibition of farnesyltransferase than humans are. In some cases, this may be because they lack geranylgeranyltransferase I. Thus, it may be possible for the development of antiparasitic drugs to 'piggyback' on the development of FTIs for cancer research.
In addition, FTIs have shown some promise in treating a mouse model of progeria, and in May 2007 a phase II clinical trial using the FTI lonafarnib was started for children with progeria.
Small molecules can also undergo prenylation, such as in the case of prenylflavonoids. Prenylation of a vitamin B2 derivative (flavin mononucleotide) was recently described.
A 2012 study found that statin treatment increases lifespan and improves cardiac health in Drosophila by decreasing specific protein prenylation.  The study concluded, "These data are the most direct evidence to date that decreased protein prenylation can increase cardiac health and lifespan in any metazoan species, and may explain the pleiotropic (non-cholesterol related) health effects of statins."
Bianca Latupapua (born October 6, 1983), professionally known as Lady Bee, is a Dutch electronic musician, MC, DJ and producer. She first got involved in music as an MC at the age of 17, before becoming a DJ and producer. She has worked with a number of major Dutch musicians, including Hardwell, Laidback Luke and Sidney Samson. Many of which she featured on the vocals for.
Lady Bee also has her own solo career, most notably with the track, "Return of the Mack". The track reached number one on the Netherlands dance chart.[citation needed]
Lady Bee is responsible for an annual event at Amsterdam Dance Event. Lady Bee Invites showcases not only her own music but the music of other artists within the same wide genre as Lady Bee.
KAKT (105.1 FM, "The Wolf") is a radio station broadcasting a country music format. Licensed to Phoenix, Oregon, United States, the station serves the Medford-Ashland area.  The station is currently owned by Stephens Media Group, through licensee SMG-Medford, LLC.
Syndicated programming includes After Midnite with Blair Garner hosted by Blair Garner from Premiere Radio Networks.
On April 15, 2019, KAKT launched a classic country format on its HD2 subchannel, branded as "95.1 The Wolf" (simulcast on translator K236CI 95.1 FM Medford).
In 2009, North Carolina Specialty Hospital was named the top hospital in North Carolina, and among the top 10 in the United States, for its patient care ratings, per the Hospital Consumer Assessment of Healthcare Providers and Systems (HCAHPS), a division of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS).
NCSH is jointly owned by National Surgical Hospitals (NSH), and physicians from North Carolina Eye and Ear Associates and Triangle Orthopaedic Associates.
Hoover is best known for having claimed six times (1997, 2005, 2007, 2008, 2011, and 2013) to have discovered fossilized microorganisms in a collection of select meteorites.
Since 1997, Richard B. Hoover has published numerous papers describing controversial evidence and claims for the existence of indigenous microfossils of cyanobacteria and other filamentous microorganisms in the CI1 (Ivuna and Orgueil) and CM2 (Murchison and Murray) carbonaceous meteorites, as well as the Polonnaruwa meteorite.
Hoover's interpretations and claims for fossilized bacteria in meteorites were published in 1997, 2005, 2007, 2008, 2011, and 2013.
Dinwoodie was commissioned a second lieutenant (on probation) in the 3rd Battalion of the Dorset Regiment on 8 June 1915, and following training was confirmed in his rank on 14 December. He was seconded to the 1/76th Trench Mortar Battery on 6 April 1916.
During the First World War he won the Military Cross (MC) in May 1916 while attached to the 1/76th Trench Mortar Battery:
2nd. Lt. Hubert Dinwoodie, 3rd Battalion Dorset Regiment (attached. 1/76th Trench Mortar Battery) For conspicuous gallantry. During an attack by the enemy, although his gun emplacement was destroyed by a shell and the gun partially buried, he immediately got it into action again, and, after firing till his ammunition was exhausted, removed the gun into safety. He then, though partly incapacitated, led parties with ammunition and bombs up to the firing line.
Dinwoodie was promoted to the temporary rank of lieutenant on 9 June 1916, and to the acting rank of captain on 15 October. He was appointed an assistant instructor at a trench mortar school on 7 November, with the acting rank of captain, and relinquished his temporary lieutenancy on 8 November. He was promoted to the permanent rank of lieutenant on 1 July 1917.
Dinwoodie was commissioned a pilot officer (on probation) in the RAFVR on 28 March 1939. He was confirmed in his rank and promoted to flying officer on 28 August 1939, and was promoted to flight lieutenant (war substantive) on 16 May 1941. As an acting squadron leader, Dinwoodie was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire, Military Division (OBE) in the 1942 Birthday Honours list. He was promoted to temporary squadron leader on 1 January 1943.
Awarded the George Cross on 4 February 1947, the citation in the London Gazette praised Dinwoodie for displaying
...cold-blooded heroism and initiative in extremely critical circumstances. He was ably assisted by Corporal Garred who showed courage and devotion to duty of a very high order. Although both were aware that they were in great personal danger, they completed a task which probably averted a serious disaster to the port of Lubeck.
Dinwoodie relinquished his commission in the RAFVR with effect from 10 February 1954, retaining the rank of wing commander. His medals and some photographs are held by the RAF Museum at Hendon, London.
K. Ram writing for Andhra Patrika on 21 August 1989, stated that director Sharath, has filled the film with comedy with a good dosage of stunts and suspense.
Randy John Read FRS (born 9 June 1957) is a Wellcome Trust Principal Research Fellow and Professor of Protein Crystallography at the University of Cambridge.
Read was educated at the University of Alberta in Edmonton, Canada where he was awarded a Bachelor of Science degree in 1979 followed by a PhD in 1986 for X-ray crystallography of serine proteases and their protein kinase inhibitors supervised by Michael N. G. James.
Margaret Lewis is an Australian politician. She was a Labor member of the Victorian Legislative Council for Northern Victoria at 11 June 2014, she was appointed to a casual vacancy caused by the resignation of Candy Broad.
This article about an Australian Labor Party member of the Parliament of Victoria is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
It is to the west of the Federal Highway 1. This ranch is where the famous "Leche el Caracol" (El caracol brand milk) is produced.
The airfield is used solely for general aviation  purposes. Some times the COL code is used as identifier.
Leesville Lake  is a reservoir in Virginia used for hydroelectric power generation in conjunction with Smith Mountain Lake as a pump storage project. It is located southeast of Roanoke, and southwest of Lynchburg.
Initial proposals were made in the late 1920s to dam the Roanoke River and the Blackwater River at the Smith Mountain gorge to generate electricity.  Construction of the Smith Mountain Dam began in 1960 and was completed in 1963.
The dam produces hydro-electric power mostly during hours of peak demand on the American Electric Power system. Water passes from Smith Mountain Lake through generators to Leesville Lake, producing power. In times of low demand, the generators are used as pumps to reverse the flow and return the water to Smith Mountain Lake.
Since the 1960s, the area around Leesville Lake has remained relatively rural and remote with mostly corn, tobacco, small family farms and other agriculture.  The limited early residential developments around the lake consisted largely of family farms. Since about 2004, however, residential growth has begun to expand rather quickly and lakefront homes and communities now dot the shoreline. Boat traffic on the lake remains low relative to nearby Smith Mountain Lake, Kerr Lake and Lake Gaston.
Leesville Lake is becoming a popular recreational area.  Fishing is very popular, especially for striped bass. The state record striped bass was caught out of Leesville Lake in 2000.  Boating, water skiing, wakeboarding, and riding personal watercraft are also common activities.
Access to Leesville Lake is primarily by way of U.S. Route 29, although State Route 43 and State Route 40 provide access to the north and south sides of the lake, respectively.
It occurs in South Asia, Southeast Asia, as well as Afghanistan and Australia. The southernmost limit of natural distribution is Mount Keira, south of Sydney. The species name refers to the type specimen being collected in the Philippines, where it is known as banato.
Mallotus philippensis is used to produce yellow dye and herbal remedies. It produces rottlerin, a potent large conductance potassium channel opener.[citation needed]
Visitors to Egypt must obtain a visa from one of the Egyptian diplomatic missions unless they come from one of the visa exempt countries or countries that are eligible for visa on arrival. Visitors must hold passports that are valid for at least 6 months from the date of arrival to Egypt.
In March 2015 it was announced that all foreigners travelling to Egypt for tourism will require visas in advance as of May 15, 2015. The only exemption will be for organized groups visiting through an Egyptian travel agency. In April 2015 Egyptian authorities announced that they have reversed the decision until an electronic visa system is in place.
Citizens of the following 10 countries and territories may visit Egypt without a visa for 3 months (unless otherwise noted):
The visa-free regime also applies to the citizens of the following countries under certain conditions:
Travel document issued by Egypt, Lebanon, Jordan and Syria to female Palestinian or to male Palestinian who are older than 40 years or younger than 18 years.
If travelling as part of the tourist group that consists of at least 5 persons citizens of  Azerbaijan, Barbados, Belize, China, Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, India, Jordan, Kazakhstan, Lebanon, Moldova (except females aged between 15 and 35), Nicaragua, Russia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, and Turkey who hold a return ticket, booked accommodation, and a signed guarantee letter from a travel agency, do not require a visa for Egypt.
Visa exemption also applies to sons and daughters born to an Egyptian father (except nationals of Syria, Iraq, Yemen, and Qatar), to an Egyptian mother if born after 25 July 2004 (except nationals of Syria, Iraq, Qatar, and Yemen), and to wives of Egyptian nationals holding proof of marriage (except nationals of Syria, Iraq, Morocco, and Qatar).
According to the Egyptian Consulate General in the United Kingdom, citizens of the following countries can obtain visa upon arrival at any of the Egyptian ports of entry:
1 - Nationals of Belgium, France, Germany, Italy and Portugal can enter with a national ID card. They must bring a passport photo to be affixed to the visa.
On 17 December 2020, Ministry of Tourism and Antiquities of Egypt announced the activation of a decree that allows tourists holding valid visas from the US, the UK, or Schengen countries to apply for visa on arrival at airports in Egypt.
Passengers with a residence permit issued by a GCC Member State can obtain a visa on arrival for a maximum stay of 30 days. The residence permit must be valid for a minimum of 6 months from the arrival date.[citation needed]
From 3 December 2017 citizens of 46 countries may apply for tourist or business types of visa for 30 days online through the eVisa system. 28 countries more were added from July 1, 2021, with North Korea apparently being removed back in 2018.
According to the Egyptian Consulate General in the United Kingdom citizens of all European Union countries, the United States, and Israel (only through Taba Border Crossing) do not require a visa prior to travelling as a free entry permission stamp will be granted upon arrival if they are travelling to Sharm El Sheikh, Dahab, Nuweiba and Taba resorts only without leaving them and for a maximum of 14 days:
Citizens of the following countries need a prior approval from the Egyptian State Security Authorities in addition to holding a visa:
Holders of the following diplomatic, official, service or special passports do not require a visa for Egypt:
Otto and Isa Degener were in Edinburgh in August 1964 for the 10th International Botanical Congress.
They were commended by the Hawaiian Senate for their conservation work. Many of the plants collected by Otto Degener belong to species that are now extinct.
Eddie Rickenbacker took the lead at the start, and led the first nine laps until dropping out with steering problems. Dario Resta led 103 of the 120 laps, and claimed the victory. Resta was accompanied by riding mechanic Bob Dahnke.
Seven of the cars were entered by the Speedway or its owners, in order to ensure a strong field during the war. None of them finished in the top five. Despite the promoter's entries, the field consisted of only 21 cars, the smallest in Indy history.
Three months after the 1916 race, on Labor Day weekend of 1916, the Speedway held a second event, the Harvest Auto Racing Classic. The 1917 race was scheduled to return to 500 miles, but a dispute with the local hoteliers and the escalation of World War I intervened. On March 23, 1917, Speedway management cancelled the 1917 Indianapolis 500, and halted racing at the facility for both 1917 and 1918.
The track was offered as a landing strip and maintenance/refueling station for military aircraft traveling between Wilbur Wright Field and Chanute Air Force Base. It was referred to as the Speedway Aviation Repair Depot, and the 821st Aero Repair Squadron was stationed there. In addition, several experimental aircraft were tested at the grounds. At least one test pilot was fatally injured in a plane crash at the track.
No racing of any kind took place at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway in 1917-1918. Likewise, the National Championship was suspended in both 1917 and 1918. There were, however, AAA races (non-championship races) conducted during the war years at other tracks. On Memorial Day 1917, a 250-mile race was held at Cincinnati.
Indrella is a monotypic genus containing the single species Indrella ampulla, a tropical terrestrial air-breathing gastropod mollusk in the family Ariophantidae. It is endemic to the Western Ghats of India.
I. ampulla is the only species in the genus Indrella, however the animal color is polymorphic: the visible soft parts of the snail can be various colors, including red and pale yellow.
The shell of this species is like that of Vitrina, imperforate, with few whorls and with a very large aperture. The shell consists mainly of proteins with only small amounts of calcium carbonate.
The jaw is straight, with a slight convexity on the cutting-edge and no median projection. The radula is broad, with about 100 rows of teeth: 145 .17 .1 .17 .145; median tooth and the 17 on each side (admedians) long, broadly pointed, straight-sided, lateral cusps indistinct; laterals curved, aculeate, outer laterals bicuspid.
"The animal, as represented in a drawing for which I am indebted to Sir Walter Elliot, is greenish yellow, but according to Col. Beddome it is black. It probably varies."
The color of soft parts has great color diversity, (color polymorphism) including white, cream, pale yellow, orange, red and black.
Colonel Richard Henry Beddome of the British Indian forest service found this snail feeding on large fungi.
He is an academician, a critic, art historian, and is engaged in restoration and preservation of Tamil and other south Indian Vintage movies. He is now involved in ground work for spawning Independent movies in India.
He is a native of Oothukadu, Tamil Nadu, India. He completed a Bachelor of Commerce degree and finished post-graduate studies in political science.
He was awarded a gold medal during his time at the Film and Television Institute of Tamil Nadu for his student project film, The Rhetoric of the Continuity, which had the distinction of being the only Indian film selected among 45 other international entries at the 1984 International Film Festival of India in New Delhi and Music,courtesy by Satyajit Ray.
In the 1960s, he helped contribute to research on gustation and is credited with discovering the association between the ability to taste PROP (6-n-propylthiouracil) with food preferences and body weight, and its relationship to alcohol use and smoking.  His early work in taste science contributed to later research on supertasting.
This biographical article related to a football midfielder from Mexico is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
In the Chicago mayoral election of 1867, incumbent Republican John Blake Rice won reelection, defeating Democrat Francis Cornwall Sherman by a nearly ten-point margin.
The election was held on April 16. It was ultimately a rematch of the previous election. This was Chicago's first mayoral election held after the conclusion of the American Civil War.
The third series of Promi Big Brother started on 14 August 2015 and ended on 28 August 2015. It was the third series of the Big Brother franchise on Sat.1, after it left RTL II. 5 celebrity housemates ("promis") entered the house on Day 1 and the other 7 celebrities entered on Day 3. The show was hosted by Jochen Schropp.
Promis had participated in tasks and matches for treats or to avoid punishments. Daily nominations also took place (from Day 8 to 14). Furthermore, the house consists of two floors, the upper luxury floor and the lower poverty floor. Housemates on the luxury floor will choose of the poor housemates to join them upstairs, whilst the public will vote one of the 7 downstairs.
This year's Promi Big Brother contains two floors, each floor having their separate living areas, bathrooms, bedrooms and diary rooms. The upper floor will be luxurious, whilst the lower floor is meager with no beds or real seating.
Big Brother respectively determines a housemate of "upstairs", which must compete on the Duel Arena. This candidate from "upstairs" must choose one of the housemates of "Downstairs" who competed against him. In the Duel Arena both compete in a game and the loser must face the consequences for his residential area. With a draw always win the housemate from the "Upstairs" area.
The conflict was caused by proposed layoffs and cuts to pay and benefits by Inco management, with low nickel prices as a justification.
Around 11,600 workers were involved in the strike, which affected the wages sustaining 43,000 people, or about 26% of the population of metropolitan Sudbury. By the end of the strike, the company had been starved of over twenty-two million hours of labour, smashing records for the longest strike in both Canadian and Inco history.
Community support for the union was strong, with local politicians such as future mayor and then-Member of Parliament John Rodriguez as well as other New Democrats vocally supporting the strikers. A major role was played by women's support committees, which had also existed during the 1958 strike.
The role of women in the community during the strike was profiled in the 1980 documentary film A Wives' Tale (Une histoire de femmes).
Concessions won as a result of the strike included Inco's "thirty-and-out" policy, whereby workers with thirty years at the company could retire with a full pension, regardless of age. As well, most miners received a dollar an hour wage increase.
A study on alcohol consumption showed that over 35% of strikers and over 40% of their wives reportedly stopped drinking alcohol or drank dramatically less during the course of the strike, while a small minority drank much more, hypothesized as being stress-induced. Overall, alcohol sales declined by 10% during the strike as compared to the previous winter, likely due to economic reasons.
This effect was mirrored in the rest of the local economy, which was catastrophically affected. This would later play a critical role in spurring new economic development efforts in the city into the 1980s and 1990s; when a longer strike hit the same operations, now owned by Vale, in 2009, the action had a much more modest effect on the city's economy than the 1978 strike, with the local rate of unemployment declining slightly during the strike.
This article about a Swiss lawyer, judge or jurist is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
A post office was established at Lozier in 1880, and was discontinued in 1882. With the construction of the railroad, business activity shifted to nearby Pierson, and the town's population dwindled.
This article about the geography of Woodbury County, Iowa is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Blue Water Dokken is a multi-purpose indoor arena in Esbjerg, Denmark. Its best known tenant is the women's handball club Team Esbjerg, one of the top teams of the Danish championship, that also regularly plays in Europe, having reached the EHF Cup final in 2014. Beside handball it also hosts other indoor sports as well as concerts, shows and others.
The CAA Centre (formerly the Brampton Centre for Sports & Entertainment and the Powerade Centre) is a 5,000-seat multi-purpose arena in Brampton, Ontario, Canada. It was built in 1998, and officially opened the same year on October 7. Its main arena was home to the Brampton Beast of the ECHL and the Brampton Excelsiors lacrosse teams.
In the main arena the seats are purple, with private suites located around the top of seating area. The club seats are on the penalty box side of the arena. There is a video scoreboard that was added for the Brampton Beast's inaugural season. The concourse is horseshoe-shaped. 
The main arena is part of larger community complex that includes three smaller ice pads and outdoor softball diamonds. It is located at 7575 Kennedy Road, on the south-side of the city, between Steeles Avenue and 407 ETR.
The stadium also annually hosts the Canadian International Kabaddi tournament, also called the Canada Kabaddi World Cup.
Marc Schnatterer (born 18 November 1985) is a German professional footballer who plays for Waldhof Mannheim.
This biographical article related to association football in Germany, about a midfielder, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Verbal Behavior Milestones Assessment and Placement Program (VB-MAPP) is an assessment and skills-tracking system to assess the language, learning and social skills of children with autism or other developmental disabilities. A strong focus of the VB-MAPP is language and social interaction, which are the predominant areas of weakness in children with autism.
The VB-MAPP is based on the principles and procedures of Applied Behavior Analysis (ABA), B.F. Skinner's behavioral analysis of language, verbal behavior and establishment of developmental milestones.
The VB-MAPP was developed by Mark Sundberg, Ph.D., BCBA-D and is a continuation of the author's 30+ year research in language assessment and intervention as it applies to individuals with autism. A contributing author to the VB-MAPP is Barbara Esch, Ph.D, CCC-SLP, BCBA-D, a speech and language pathologist who includes an assessment of speech sounds with a guide for developmental progression called the Early Echoic Skills Assessment (EESA.)
The VB-MAPP set contains an individual scoring protocol and a users guide. The main components of the VB-MAPP are:
At Level 1, the child is tested for Mand, Tact, Listener Responding, Visual Perceptual Skills and Matching-to-Sample, Independent Play, Social Behaviour and Social Play, Motor Imitation, Echoic, Spontaneous Vocal Behaviour.
Level 2 adds Listener Responding by Function Feature and Class, Intraverbal, Classroom Routines and Group Skills, Linguistic Structure.
The VB-MAPP has objective measurement criteria that makes it effective for use in both treatment and research outcomes, as demonstrated in studies in the Journal of Applied Behavior Analysis, The Analysis of Verbal Behavior and Education and Treatment of Young Children.
The VB-MAPP has been used as a measurement tool in published studies to measure the participants' verbal or social skills:
Tarrik Jumaan Brock (born December 25, 1973) is an American former professional baseball player and current coach. He is the first base coach for the Pittsburgh Pirates of Major League Baseball (MLB). An outfielder who batted and threw left-handed, he played part of one season in MLB for the Chicago Cubs. He has coached in MLB for the Houston Astros and San Diego Padres.
Brock was originally drafted by the Detroit Tigers in the 2nd round of the 1991 amateur draft. Of the eleven second-round draftees who made the major leagues, he was the last to make his debut. After six years in the Tigers' system, spent mostly at the A-ball level, Brock was selected by the Seattle Mariners in the Rule 5 draft. Brock spent two seasons in Seattle's minor league system before being released in January 1999.
On April 8 of that year, Brock was signed by the Colorado Rockies and assigned to their AA affiliate, Carolina. He was sent to the Cubs on July 7 as the player to be named later in a trade made on March 28, before he was even under contract with the Rockies. The Rockies in return obtained two prospects, John Cotton and Kevin Rawitzer, neither of whom made the major leagues.
Brock hit only .217 in 54 games with the Cubs' AA affiliate at West Tennessee that season, but nevertheless made the Cubs' major league roster in spring training of 2000. He made his major league debut on March 29, 2000, appearing as a left fielder in the Cubs' Opening Day game against the New York Mets in the Tokyo Dome in Japan. He faced Rich Rodriguez in his first major league at bat and singled to right field. Sammy Sosa was thrown out at home on the play, ending the inning.
In 2006, he served as a coach with the Ogden Raptors. From 2007 through 2013, Brock worked as the Florida Marlins' outfield and baserunning coordinator. During 2010, he served as interim first base coach.
In 2014, Brock was the first base coach for the Houston Astros. He joined the San Diego Padres organization as a minor league coordinator for the 2015 season, before becoming their first base coach before the 2016 season.
Godney is a village and civil parish near Glastonbury on the River Sheppey on the Somerset Levels in the Mendip district of Somerset, England.
Near the village are the sites of the Iron Age Glastonbury Lake Village, and the now drained Meare Pool.
During the Second World War, Godney was incorporated into the GHQ Line. Several pillboxes were constructed in the area. Natural obstacles to tanks were supplemented with an anti-tank ditch and bridges in the area were prepared for demolition at short notice.
The village falls within the Non-metropolitan district of Mendip, which was formed on 1 April 1974 under the Local Government Act 1972, having previously been part of Wells Rural District, which is responsible for local planning and building control, local roads, council housing, environmental health, markets and fairs, refuse collection and recycling, cemeteries and crematoria, leisure services, parks, and tourism.
Somerset County Council is responsible for running the largest and most expensive local services such as education, social services, libraries, main roads, public transport, policing and  fire services, trading standards, waste disposal and strategic planning.
It is also part of the Wells county constituency represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It elects one Member of Parliament (MP) by the first past the post system of election.
To the north west of the village are the Westhay Moor and Somerset Levels National Nature Reserves. Westhay Moor is a  biological Site of Special Scientific Interest and part of the Somerset Levels and Moors Special Protection Area under the EU Birds Directive and as a Ramsar site, and a national nature reserve. It is part of the Brue Valley Living Landscape conservation project.
The Church of the Holy Trinity, by G.D. Manners, dates from 1839 and was built on a medieval site. It was restored in 1903, with an added chancel, by E. Buckle. It is a Grade II listed building.
Carrie Moyer is an American painter and writer living in Brooklyn, New York. Moyer's paintings and public art projects have been exhibited both in the US and Europe since the early 1990s.
Carrie Moyer is a painter and writer who has been showing her work since the mid-1990s. Her work has been widely exhibited at national and international venues including MoMA PS1 the Tang, Worcester Art Museum, Weatherspoon Art Museum, Cooper-Hewitt National Design Museum of the Smithsonian Institution and American University Museums; Shedhalle (Zurich) and Project Art Space (Dublin) among others.
In October 2019 Carrie Moyer was elected as a full member of the NAD (National Academy of Design). Her most recent shows include a solo exhibition, Carrie Moyer: Interstellar , at the Worcester Art Museum, and Carrie Moyer: Pirate Jenny at the Tang Museum. In 2020, Carrie Moyer and Sheila Pepe were the subject of a two-person exhibition, Carrie Moyer and Sheila Pepe: Tabernacles for Trying Times at the Portland Museum of Art, Maine.
Throughout the 1990s, Moyer designed agitprop, graphics and posters for a number of gay and lesbian activist organizations based in New York City. These include Queer Nation, the Lesbian Avengers, the Irish Lesbian and Gay Organization (ILGO) and the New York City Anti-Violence Project.
The Mopani Copper Mines COSAFA Under-20 Championship will be the 24th edition of the COSAFA U20 Cup, an international youth competition open to national associations of the COSAFA region.
The suborder Asellota comprises these families: Some classifications also include the Microcerberidea within Asellota.
Audrey Zarif (born 23 July 1998) is a French table tennis player. Her highest career ITTF ranking was 99.
This biographical article relating to a French table tennis figure is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
He recently released the sixth and seventh albums by Led Bib on Cuneiform Records, The People in Your Neighbourhood and The Good Egg.
In June 2015, Holub collaborated with modular synthesist James Holden and guitarist Marcus Hamblett. The project was recorded at Maida Vale Studios for BBC Radio 3's Late Junction.
Krasnoyarsk was unanimously elected as the host city of the 29th Winter Universiade 2019 by an Executive Committee meeting in Brussels on 9 November 2013. At the Opening Ceremony the fire was lit by two of the event's ambassadors, bandy player Sergey Lomanov and former artistic gymnast Svetlana Khorkina.
During the whole year, each applicant worked on the preparation of application dosier. On 14 September 2013, Krasnoyarsk presented its Bidding Book at the FISU headquarters and received the status of a candidate city. The only competitor at this stage, the Canton of Valais, withdrew from candidacy.
On 9 November 2013, in Brussels, FISU members elected Krasnoyarsk as the host city of the 29th Winter Universiade 2019 by a closed vote.
The "U" letter in the logo of the Winter Universiade Krasnoyarsk 2019 symbolizes the ice block, the irregular facets of which demonstrate the severe character of Siberian nature, peaks of rocks and snow-covered slopes.
The official mascot of the Winter Universiade 2019 is "U-Laika", a Siberian dog of the Laika breed, the symbol of loyalty, friendliness, joy and unbridled energy. Laika is a friend always ready to help in hard times and support in striving to any, even the most trying goal.
On 5 June 2016, the countdown clock of the Winter Universiade 2019 was launched on the Yenisei river embankment in Krasnoyarsk. The countdown started from 1,000 days. The screen shows the exact number of days, hours, minutes and seconds before the official opening ceremony of the Games in Krasnoyarsk.
The management system of the Winter Universiade 2019 consists of four main levels: Organising Committee, Executive Directorate, Supervisory Board, Coordinating Council.
The budget of the 2019 Universiade in Krasnoyarsk equalled 67.8 billion rubles (1.021 billion US dollars): 43.3 billion rubles from the federal budget and 24.5 billion rubles from the budget of the Krasnoyarsk Krai.
The Organising Committee for the preparation and delivery of the 2019 Winter Universiade was created by the Resolution of the Government of the Russian Federation from 18 February 2014, No. 219.
Initially the Organising Committee was headed by the Deputy Prime Minister of Russia Vitaly Mutko. He was replaced by Olga Golodets in December 2018.
The Organising Committee was formed by representatives of the state authorities of the Russian Federation and the Krasnoyarsk Krai. The Organizing Committee made important decisions regarding the Universiade organization and preparation; it approved the plan of organizational measures and the list of the Winter Universiade 2019 venues.
The organizational and technical support of the Organising Committee was entrusted to the Ministry of Sport.
The Universiade Village located on the territory of the campus of the Siberian Federal University, close to Nikolayevskaya Sopka and most alpine skiing venues:
There were events in eleven sports. Athletes competed for 76 sets of awards in 11 sports: alpine skiing, bandy, biathlon, cross-country skiing, curling, figure skating, freestyle skiing, ice hockey, short track, ski orienteering, snowboarding.
For the first time in Universiade history, bandy and ski-orienteering were included as optional sports. Freestyle skiing was another optional sport at this Universiade.
58 national university sports federations sent at least an athlete for the 2019 Winter Universiade. The Philippines and the United Arab Emirates made their debut in Winter Universiade while Ukraine boycotted the event due to the Ukrainian government refusal to fund Ukrainian athletes competing in tournaments being held in Russia.
Russia won a record of 41 gold and 111 overall medals, while South Korea placed second with 6 and 14, respectively. Japan was third, winning 5 gold and 13 overall medals.
 On 2 March 2018 four postage stamps from the "29th Winter Universiade 2019 Krasnoyarsk. Sports venues" series were issued by the Russian Post. In addition to sports arenas, each stamp depicts the emblem of the Winter Universiade 2019.
The Opening ceremony was held at Platinum Arena and ran from 20:19 to 22:47 pm local time (Krasnoyarsk Time). It was officially opened by President of Russia Vladimir Putin.
The opening ceremony featured scenes with paintings of Vasily Surikov, who was born in Krasnoyarsk. In one of those his "Capture of a Snow Town" was used. The folk song "Valenki" was performed by Nyusha for the upcoming Maslenitsa. Then, singer Zara sang a lullaby on a golden moon. Also in the ceremony famous Siberians such as writer Viktor Astafyev, painter Andrey Pozdeyev and opera singer Dmitry Khvorostovsky were mentioned. The final part featured figure skater Alexei Yagudin.
The closing ceremony was held at the Platinum Arena from 20:00 to 21:30 pm local time (Krasnoyarsk Time) on 12 March 2019 which handed over the FISU flag to the next host city of Lucerne, Switzerland for the next edition in 2021.
On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a "certified fresh" approval rating of 91% based on 79 reviews, and an average rating of 7.5/10. The website's critical consensus reads, "It isn't necessarily an easy watch, but thanks to Netzer's interesting direction and a riveting performance from Gheorghiu, Child's Pose is rewarding." On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 77 out of 100, based on 23 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews".
The film was initially refused financing by the Romanian film board due its controversial depiction of the Hungarian minority in Romania. After an intervention by the Minister of Culture, Hunor Kelemen the ruling of the film board was overruled.
Island Number Ten was an island in the Mississippi River near Tiptonville, Tennessee and the site of a major eponymous battle in the American Civil War.
Bernard Roy is widely recognized as the father of the ELECTRE method, which was one of the earliest approaches in what is sometimes known as the French School of decision making. It is usually classified as an "outranking method" of decision making.
There are two main parts to an ELECTRE application: first, the construction of one or several outranking relations, which aims at comparing in a comprehensive way each pair of actions; second, an exploitation procedure that elaborates on the recommendations obtained in the first phase. The nature of the recommendation depends on the problem being addressed: choosing, ranking or sorting.
Usually the Electre Methods are used to discard some alternatives to the problem, which are unacceptable.  After that we can use another MCDA to select the best one. The Advantage of using the Electre Methods before is that we can apply another MCDA with a restricted set of alternatives saving much time.
Criteria in ELECTRE methods have two distinct sets of parameters: the importance coefficients and the veto thresholds.
Filomina Hanisi (born 9 March 2001) is an Australian rugby league footballer who plays as a prop for the Sydney Roosters in the NRL Women's Premiership and Mounties RLFC in the NSWRL Women's Premiership.
Hanisi was born in Sydney and played her junior rugby league for the Concord Burwood Wolves. She is of Tongan descent.
In 2018, Hanisi played for the Parramatta Eels in the Tarsha Gale Cup. In 2019, she joined the St George Dragons Tarsha Gale Cup side.
In 2020, Hanisi joined the Wests Tigers NSWRL Women's Premiership team. On 23 September, she was announced as a member of the Sydney Roosters NRL Women's Premiership squad.
Runic inscription U 46 is the Rundata catalog listing for this runestone which is approximately two metres in height and is made of gneiss. It contains a runic text within a serpent surrounding a stylized Christian cross in the upper centre of the stone.
The runestone was located outside of the church's weapons house in the 17th century, and was covered with earth when the weapons house was demolished in 1798. The runestone was uncovered in 1935 during restoration work at the church and it was then placed in its present position.
Runic inscription U 48 contains runic text within a serpent that is beneath a cross. It is classified as being carved in runestone style Pr4, which is also known as Urnes style. The stone is 1.75 meters in height and is grey gneiss. A portion of one side of the runestone has broken off and this part of the inscription is missing.
The runestone was uncovered in 1932 during trenchwork and moved approximately 60 meters away from a road to its present location in 1951.
Runic inscription U 49 has runic text within a serpent that surrounds a cross. It is classified as being carved in runestone style Pr3, or Urnes style. It is believed to have been carved by the same runemaster as inscription U 50.
Runic inscription U 50 has runic text within a serpent that surrounds a cross. It is believed to have been carved by the same runemaster as inscription U 49.
The runestone was found being used as a cornerstone of a church tower and was removed to its current location in 1935. It is composed of red sandstone and is about one meter in height. As noted above, it has been suggested that U 49 and U 50 were once a coupled monument that was located in a cemetery with their text intended to be read together.
Arlington is a town in Shelby County, Tennessee, United States. The population was 2,569 at the 2000 census and 11,517 at the 2010 census, for a gain of 348.3% during the decade.  The 2010 US Census shows that Arlington is the 2nd fastest growing community in the State of Tennessee.  It is one of the seven municipalities in Shelby County.
Arlington "follows a general law Mayor-Alderman charter" according to the official website of the town. The current mayor is Mike Wissman. Arlington has six alderman.
In 1883 the town's name was changed to Arlington due to the post office being unable to use the name Haysville. In 1900 the town was incorporated again. Captain Henry Pittman, who lived in Haysville, had visited Washington, D.C. and Arlington National Cemetery and was inspired to call the town Arlington.
The economic crash of 1929 led to a small economic depression in the town, but Arlington's economy gradually grew out of it due to the major change of highway 70 opening the town to outside businesses.
The towns first school was opened up in 1884. "Memphis District High School", which was located on what is now known as "College Hill." The school only taught up to a high school level, but locally it was named "The College".
At the 2010 census there were 11,517 people, and 3,739 households.  The population density was 565 people per square mile (48.6/km2).  The racial makeup of the town was 81.24% White, 13.84% African American, 0.16% Native American, 1.80% Asian, 0.86% from other races, 2.08% from two or more races, and .02% from Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.98%.
Of the 3,907 households 35.23% were 1-2 person occupied, 48.02% were 3-4 person occupied, 15.32% were 5-6 person occupied, 1.42% were 7 or more person households and 4.2% were listed as unoccupied. With the 3,907 households owned in Arlington, they are estimated to have a median value of $217,300.
The age distribution was 37.53% under the age of 18, 3.47% from 18 to 24, 35.62% from 25 to 44, 19.20% from 45 to 64, and 4.19% 65 or older. The median age was 32.2 years. The population was 49% male and 51% female.
From 2013 to 2017, Arlington's estimated household income was predicted to be $99,404. This has increased since 2009, when the household income was estimated to be $85,779.
At the 2000 census there were 2,569 people, 794 households, and 669 families in the town. The population density was 125.8 people per square mile (48.6/km2). There were 928 housing units at an average density of 45.4 per square mile (17.5/km2).  The racial makeup of the town was 74.23% White, 23.01% African American, 0.47% Native American, 0.62% Asian, 0.54% from other races, and 1.13% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.13%.
Of the 794 households 42.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.1% were married couples living together, 13.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 15.7% were non-families. 12.2% of households were one person and 5.7% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.88 and the average family size was 3.15.
The age distribution was 26.1% under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 37.6% from 25 to 44, 22.6% from 45 to 64, and 8.0% 65 or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.8 males.
The median household income was $52,870 and the median family income  was $55,602. Males had a median income of $38,438 versus $29,138 for females. The per capita income for the town was $19,569. About 3.1% of families and 11.3% of the population were below the poverty line, including 4.4% of those under age 18 and 23.2% of those age 65 or over.
Dunlop Manufacturing, Inc. is a manufacturer of musical accessories, especially effects units, based in Benicia, California, United States. Founded in 1965 by Jim Dunlop Sr., the company grew from a small home operation to a large manufacturer of music gear. Dunlop has acquired several well-known effects pedal brands, including Cry Baby, MXR and Way Huge.
Scottish immigrant Jim Dunlop founded the Jim Dunlop Company in 1965 as a part-time business while working as a processing and chemical engineer at Barr and Stroud in Glasgow. He was an apprentice of creator of the first hip replacement, William "Bill" Wallace. His first product was the Vibra-Tuner, a small device that attached to a guitar with a suction cup and displayed whether the guitar was in tune with the vibration of a small reed.
While visiting music stores to sell his new product, someone told him that musicians needed a good capo, remarking that anyone who made a good capo that could handle a 12-string guitar would make a lot of money. Using his engineering background, Dunlop created the toggle capo, and then worked with a local machine shop to build the first capo dies, manufacturing what eventually became the long running "1100 series" capo.
Starting from his living room, Dunlop later moved construction to his garage, and then to a location outside the house.
Also in 1972, Dunlop left his job at Dymo Industries to focus on his own company full-time. He moved his family to Benicia, California and set up shop in Benicia Industrial Park. A few years later, he outgrew that building and moved to Industrial Way.
Dunlop products now range from capos and picks to slides, strings, fret wire, strap retainers, and a variety of electronic effects, including the original Cry Baby wah-wah pedal, the Uni-Vibe phaser, Heil Talk Box, and the MXR and Way Huge lines of stompboxes.
Tortex is this company's brand name for acetal based plectra. The overall feeling of the picks is meant to mimic the feeling of a pick made from the shell of a tortoise.
7,500 residents of Bundaberg and patients at the Bundaberg Hospital were evacuated. Houses were completely washed away and parts of Bundaberg's sewage network were destroyed. Cuts to transport links including damage to numerous bridges, communication interruptions, electrical blackouts and water supply problems were experienced across wide areas.  Several swiftwater rescues had to be undertaken.
As a precautionary measure, on 25 January Queensland Premier Campbell Newman ordered the pre-emptive release of water from Wivenhoe Dam to increase the dam's flood mitigation capacity. Releases from North Pine Dam were also made.
In Mundubbera the Burnett River peaked at 22.9 m at 1 am on 28 January. 100 homes and businesses were inundated in the town with about the same number flooded in the surrounding area. In Gayndah, 60 homes and 12 businesses were flooded. A landslide severed the Burnett Highway between Gayndah and Mundubbera.
In many affected areas the flooding would have been worse had the weather prior to the heavy rains not been so dry. In the 24 hours to 5 am on 27 January the Queensland State Emergency Service logged more than 800 requests for assistance. An exclusion zone was set up by police in Bundaberg North because damaged buildings and infrastructure posed significant safety risks. It wasn't until 2 February before limited access was granted for around 1,000 residents.
By 28 January, nearly a quarter of households in South East Queensland (around 300,000 homes and businesses) experienced power interruptions including 88,000 in Brisbane, 32,000 on the Sunshine Coast, 28,000 in Moreton Bay area and 28,000 on the Gold Coast. About 2,000 powerlines were brought down by storms. More premises lost power in this storm event than in the January 2011 floods. By 9pm 31 January approximately 5,300 premises were still without power.
The rail network in South East Queensland was heavily impacted by the storms, with inner city Brisbane lines particularly affected. The Bruce Highway, Bruxner Highway, Carnarvon Highway and Pacific Highway were all closed for some time.  The Gwydir Highway was cut because of a landslide west of Grafton.
Some coal production in Central Queensland had been impacted because of transport disruptions.  The Port of Gladstone suspended ship loading on 26 January due to poor weather, however loading resumed the following day. Alumina and liquified natural gas production in the state experienced minor impacts with operations returning to normal levels shortly after the wild weather had passed.
Water over the Beaudesert-Beenleigh Road at Wolffdene near Beenleigh, due to the flooding of the Albert River.
Sand that has been blown in from the beach due to gale-force wind is being removed from Main Beach Parade on 29 January 2013.
In February, when the flooding resumed, the water level of Coles Creek nearly reached the water level of Maguires Lane, Cooran.
Government of Queensland disaster assistance was being offered in 21 local government areas shortly after the floods. The new Community Recovery Minister is David Crisafulli whose local government responsibilities were expanded to deal with flood recovery. Plans for relocation rather than re-building as well as the construction of new dams and levees were put forward soon after the floods.
In February 2013, more flash flooding occurred throughout Queensland and New South Wales, further impacting the damage already created from Cyclone Oswald the previous month, resulting in one death, and the need for some evacuations.
Peter Goodwin is a British academic who is chairman of the department of Journalism and Mass Communication at the University of Westminster.
His areas of expertise are political economy of the media; media policy; media and politics; the television industry; and the social and economic impact of new media technologies.
He is cited by Brunel University in London, describing himself as "an international expert in digital media policy and economics".
This biography article of a United Kingdom academic is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This Glacier County, Montana state location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Besides its use on Wikimedia sites, MediaWiki has been used as a knowledge management and content management system on many thousands of websites, public and private, including the websites Fandom, wikiHow, and major internal installations like Intellipedia and Diplopedia.
MediaWiki is developed on a continuous integration development model, which software changes are pushed live to Wikimedia sites on regular basis.
MediaWiki also has a public bug tracker, phabricator.wikimedia.org, which runs Phabricator. The site is also used for feature and enhancement requests.
Increasing usage soon caused load problems to arise again, and soon after, another rewrite of the software began; this time being done by Lee Daniel Crocker, which became known as "phase III". This new software was also written in PHP, with a MySQL back-end, and kept the basic interface of the phase II software, but with the added functionality of a wider scalability. The "phase III" software went live on Wikipedia in July 2002.
The Wikimedia Foundation was announced on June 20, 2003. In July, Wikipedia contributor Daniel Mayer suggested the name "MediaWiki" for the software, as a play on "Wikimedia". The MediaWiki name was gradually phased in, beginning in August 2003. The name has frequently caused confusion due to its (intentional) similarity to the "Wikimedia" name (which itself is similar to "Wikipedia").
Later, Brion Vibber, the Chief Technical Officer of the Wikimedia Foundation, took up the role of Release Manager, and the most active Developer.
Major milestones in MediaWiki's development have included: the categorization system (2004); Parser Functions, (2006); Flagged Revisions, (2008); the "ResourceLoader", a delivery system for CSS and JavaScript (2011); and the VisualEditor, a "what you see is what you get" (WYSIWYG) editing platform (2013).
The contest of designing a new logo was initiated on June 22, 2020, as the old logo was a bitmap image and had "high details", leading to problems when rendering at high and low resolutions, respectively. After two rounds of voting, the new and current MediaWiki logo designed by Serhio Magpie was selected on October 24, 2020, and officially adopted on April 1, 2021.
MediaWiki's most famous use has been in Wikipedia and, to a lesser degree, the Wikimedia Foundation's other projects. Fandom, a wiki hosting service formerly known as Wikia, runs on MediaWiki. Other public wikis that run on MediaWiki include wikiHow and SNPedia. WikiLeaks began as a MediaWiki-based site, but is no longer a wiki.
A number of alternative wiki encyclopedias to Wikipedia run on MediaWiki, including Citizendium, Metapedia, Scholarpedia and Conservapedia. MediaWiki is also used internally by a large number of companies, including Novell and Intel.
MediaWiki provides a rich core feature set and a mechanism to attach extensions to provide additional functionality.
Due to the strong emphasis on multilingualism in the Wikimedia projects, internationalization and localization has received significant attention by developers. The user interface has been fully or partially translated into more than 300 languages on translatewiki.net, and can be further customized by site administrators (the entire interface is editable through the wiki).
Several extensions, most notably those collected in the MediaWiki Language Extension Bundle, are designed to further enhance the multilingualism and internationalization of MediaWiki.
Installation of MediaWiki requires that the user have administrative privileges on a server running both PHP and a compatible type of SQL database. Some users find that setting up a virtual host is helpful if the majority of one's site runs under a framework (such as Zope or Ruby on Rails) that is largely incompatible with MediaWiki. Cloud hosting can eliminate the need to deploy a new server.
MediaWiki uses an extensible lightweight wiki markup designed to be easier to use and learn than HTML. Tools exist for converting content such as tables between MediaWiki markup and HTML. Efforts have been made to create a MediaWiki markup spec, but a consensus seems to have been reached that Wikicode requires context-sensitive grammar rules. The following side-by-side comparison illustrates the differences between wiki markup and HTML:
MediaWiki's default page-editing tools have been described as somewhat challenging to learn. A survey of students assigned to use a MediaWiki-based wiki found that when they were asked an open question about main problems with the wiki, 24% cited technical problems with formatting, e.g. "Couldn't figure out how to get an image in. Can't figure out how to show a link with words; it inserts a number."
To make editing long pages easier, MediaWiki allows the editing of a subsection of a page (as identified by its header). A registered user can also indicate whether or not an edit is minor. Correcting spelling, grammar or punctuation are examples of minor edits, whereas adding paragraphs of new text is an example of a non-minor edit.
Sometimes while one user is editing, a second user saves an edit to the same part of the page. Then, when the first user attempts to save the page, an edit conflict occurs. The second user is then given an opportunity to merge their content into the page as it now exists following the first user's page save.
MediaWiki's user interface has been localized in many different languages. A language for the wiki content itself can also be set, to be sent in the "Content-Language" HTTP header and "lang" HTML attribute.
MediaWiki supports rich content generated through specialized syntax. For example, the software comes with optional support for rendering mathematical formulas using LaTeX and a special parser written in OCaml. Similar functionality for other content, ranging from graphical timelines over mathematical plotting and musical scores to Egyptian hieroglyphs, is available via extensions.
The software has become more powerful at dealing with a wide variety of uploaded media files. Its richest functionality is in the area of images, where image galleries and thumbnails can be generated with relative ease. There is also support for Exif metadata. The use of MediaWiki to operate the Wikimedia Commons, one of the largest free content media archives, has driven the need for further functionality in this area.
For WYSIWYG editing, VisualEditor is available to use in MediaWiki which simplifying editing process for editors and has been bundled since MediaWiki 1.35. Other extensions exist for handling WYSIWYG editing to different degrees.
Another important tool is watchlisting. Each logged-in user has a watchlist to which the user can add whatever pages he or she wishes. When an edit is made to one of those pages, a summary of that edit appears on the watchlist the next time it is refreshed. As with the recent changes page, recent edits that appear on the watchlist contain clickable links for easy review of the article history and specific changes made.
There is also capability to review all edits made by any particular user. In this way, if an edit is identified as problematic, it is possible to check the user's other edits for issues.
MediaWiki allows one to link to specific versions of articles. This has been useful to the scientific community, in that expert peer reviewers could analyse articles, improve them and provide links to the trusted version of that article.
Interwiki links function much the same way as namespaces. A set of interwiki prefixes can be configured to cause, for instance, a page title of wikiquote:Jimbo Wales to direct the user to the Jimbo Wales article on Wikiquote. Unlike internal wikilinks, interwiki links lack page existence detection functionality, and accordingly there is no way to tell whether a blue interwiki link is broken or not.
Interlanguage links are the small navigation links that show up in the sidebar in most MediaWiki skins which connect an article with related articles in other languages within the same Wiki family. This can provide language-specific communities connected by a larger context, with all wikis on the same server or each on its own server.
Previously, Wikipedia used interlanguage links to link an article to other articles on the same topic in other editions of Wikipedia. This was superseded by the launch of Wikidata.
Namespaces can be viewed as folders that separate different basic types of information or functionality. Custom namespaces can be added by the site administrators. There are 16 namespaces by default for content, with 2 "pseudo-namespaces" used for dynamically generated "Special:" pages and links to media files. Each namespace on MediaWiki is numbered: content page namespaces have even numbers and their associated talk page namespaces have odd numbers.
Users can create new categories and add pages and files to those categories by appending one or more category tags to the content text. Adding these tags creates links at the bottom of the page that take the reader to the list of all pages in that category, making it easy to browse related articles. The use of categorization to organize content has been described as a combination of:
In addition to namespaces, content can be ordered using subpages. This simple feature provides automatic breadcrumbs of the pattern [[Page title/Subpage title]] from the page after the slash (in this case, "Subpage title") to the page before the slash (in this case, "Page title").
If the feature is enabled, users can customize their stylesheets and configure client-side JavaScript to be executed with every pageview. On Wikipedia, this has led to a large number of additional tools and helpers developed through the wiki and shared among users. For instance, navigation popups is a custom JavaScript tool that shows previews of articles when the user hovers over links, and also provides shortcuts for common maintenance tasks.
The "MediaWiki:" namespace was originally also used for creating custom text blocks that could then be dynamically loaded into other pages using a special syntax. This content was later moved into its own namespace, "Template:".
The MediaWiki codebase contains various hooks using callback functions to add additional PHP code in an extensible way. This allows developers to write extensions without necessarily needing to modify the core or having to submit their code for review. Installing an extension typically consists of adding a line to the configuration file, though in some cases additional changes such as database updates or core patches are required.
MediaWiki can be made more advanced and useful for various purposes through its extensions. These extensions vary greatly in complexity.
The Wikimedia Foundation operates a Git server where many extensions host their repository. Most of them also have a documentation page on the MediaWiki website.
MediaWiki code review was itself historically facilitated through a MediaWiki extension. As of March 2012, it has been done through Gerrit.
A generic Widgets extension exists that allows MediaWiki to integrate with virtually anything. Other examples of extensions that could improve a wiki are category suggestion extensions and extensions for inclusion of Flash Videos, YouTube videos, and RSS feeds. Metavid, a site that archives video footage of the U.S. Senate and House floor proceedings, was created using code extending MediaWiki into the domain of collaborative video authoring.
MediaWiki comes pre-installed with a standard text-based search. Extensions exist to let MediaWiki use more sophisticated third-party search engines, including Elasticsearch (which since 2014 has been in use on Wikipedia), Lucene and Sphinx.
Various MediaWiki extensions have also been created to allow for more complex, faceted search, on both data entered within the wiki and on metadata such as pages' revision history. Semantic MediaWiki is one such extension.
Empirical evidence shows most revisions in MediaWiki databases tend to differ only slightly from previous revisions. Therefore, subsequent revisions of an article can be concatenated and then compressed, achieving very high data compression ratios of up to 100x.
For more information on the architecture, such as how it stores wikitext and assembles a page, see External links.
The parser serves as the de facto standard for the MediaWiki syntax, as no formal syntax has been defined. Due to this lack of a formal definition, it has been difficult to create WYSIWYG editors for MediaWiki, although several WYSIWYG extensions do exist, including the popular VisualEditor.
MediaWiki is not designed to be a suitable replacement for dedicated online forum or blogging software, although extensions do exist to allow for both of these.
Upgrading MediaWiki is usually fully automated, requiring no changes to the site content or template programming. Historically troubles have been encountered when upgrading from significantly older versions.
MediaWiki developers are spread around the world, though with a majority in the United States and Europe. Face-to-face meetings and programming sessions for MediaWiki developers have been held once or several times a year since 2004.
A 2009 study that compared students' experience with MediaWiki to that with Google Documents found that students gave the latter a much higher rating on user-friendly layout.
Meegahakivula Divisional Secretariat is a  Divisional Secretariat  of Badulla District, of Uva Province, Sri Lanka.
Diane Lamoureux (born 20 October 1954) is a Canadian professor, essayist, and writer. She serves as Professor of Sociology in the Political Science Department of Laval University in Quebec. Her research focuses on the intersection of politics, sociology, and feminism.
The Columbia Lions baseball team is a varsity intercollegiate athletic team of Columbia University in New York City. The team is a member of the Ivy League, which is part of the National Collegiate Athletic Association's Division I. Columbia's first baseball team was fielded in 1868. The team plays its home games at Robertson Field at Satow Stadium in New York City. The Lions are coached by Brett Boretti.
IMOINDA or She Who Will Lose Her Name (2008) is the first libretto to be written by an African-Caribbean woman, Professor Joan Anim-Addo. It is a re-writing of Aphra Behn's Oroonoko, first published in 1688.
The libretto was first published in Italian (translated by Dr Giovanna Covi and Chiara Pedrotti) by the University of Trento and then later re-published in English by Mango Publishing as demand for it grew. It has been performed in New York City, United States. In May 2008, the State University of New York at Geneseo and the Rochester School of the Arts put on a performance with funding from the New York State Music Fund.
Past-Time Rail ran railtours for over 40 years but in June 2009 they went bankrupt and they sold all of their tours to a company called Pathfinder Tours.
This United Kingdom rail transport related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
In 1969, local author Neil Thompson published a book, The Elliston Incident, which included the camp oven story and said that Geharty (spelled Gehirty in the book) was involved in rounding up Aboriginal people and driving them over the cliffs south of Elliston, resulting in 20 deaths. For many years, Aboriginal people from the west coast of South Australia have retold the story of a massacre at Elliston as part of their oral history.
In December 1971, a small granite memorial to Hamp was erected at the site of his hut, and in the early 1970s the locations of events leading up the alleged massacre were marked by P. J. Baillie. These included the sites of the Beevor and Easton huts, the tree from which Beevor's murderers were hanged, and Easton's grave at Lake Hamilton. Until 2017, no memorial to the Aboriginal people killed in the lead-up to or during the fatal clash had been erected.
As part of the investigations that led to the establishment of the memorial, the Elliston council engaged an anthropologist, Tim Haines, to examine the event. He concluded that "[w]e won't ever know for certain what exactly happened on the cliffs overlooking Waterloo Bay", but indicated that while it was unlikely that hundreds of Aboriginal people were killed there, it was likely that tens or scores were killed.
Born at Beccles in Suffolk, Jones first started working for Ealing Council on a commission only basis in 1863 until he was given a salaried post in 1882, which he held until he retired in 1913, shortly before his death on 24 August of the same year.
 His first work for the council in 1863 was to lay out the towns first proper sewage system. As the Thames at this time suffered from gross pollution from raw sewage he also designed a sewage farm to treat the effluent; this was built at Clayponds down Occupation Lane off the South Ealing Road. Over the next two decades this was incrementally expanded to cope with the rapidly expanding population.
To go behind the new Town Hall he designed a fire engine station. The building is still in existence but has long ceased to be used for its original purpose. Whilst not thought notable enough to warrant statutory protection, it has nevertheless been 'locally listed' by Ealing Council as being of architectural interest.
Another task he was charged with was to design and oversee the first Electricity Generating Station and distribution system which came on line in 1894 and provided Ealing with its first electric street lighting. This was also situated down Occupation Lane. The sludge from the sewage farm next door, was filtered out and burnt here as fuel.
During this time the council was also purchased properties from local notables which came with large plots of open land. Jones oversaw the work of turning these into public pleasure parks. He was also responsible for having the chestnut tree avenues planted on Ealing Common which gave it much of its present-day character.
An early design of Jones's was the Congregational Church (1860) on Ealing Green (now the United Reformed and Methodist Church). Style: Gothic.
Methodist Church (1869) at the north end of Windsor Road just before the Junction of Uxbridge Road. Style: Gothic. This now a Polish Roman Catholic Church of 'Our Lady Mother of the Church'.  English Heritage has classified it as a Grade II listed building.
To comply with the first education acts the council had to use whatever buildings were available in which to hold lessons. Jones then set about designing the borough first purpose built State schools. He undertook the designs of Drayton Green (1908) (see below), Lammas (1910)[demolished], Little Ealing (1905)[see below], North Ealing Primary School (1911) in Pitshanger Village, and Northfields (1905) [demolished].
Drayton Green Primary School (pictured) at the terminus of Drayton Grove, Ealing W13 has been built in yellow brick, with red brick dressing and featuring keystoned window arches. A centrally placed, square-shaped, part-louvered, cupola bell house sits on the red terracotta tiled roof. It provides a very good example of typical late-Victorian architecture. 
Little Ealing Primary School, on Weymouth Avenue, is a single story, yellow brick building with key-stoned arched windows and terracotta tiled roof. The main hall is baronial in style with wall posts supporting the hammer beams and curved braces. At each end of the long corridor, white hexagonal ventilation cupolas sit in the roof. From the horizontal ties upwards both these roofs are glazed.
He took advantage of rapidly increasing housing costs by accepting board membership of the Ealing, Acton & Hanwell Permanent Benefit Building Society.
When land up at Castle Bar belonging to Kent House, the former home of Prince Edward, Duke of Kent and Strathearn, was sold off, Jones purchased much of it for his own private house building projects. He did this in the face of competition from the newly formed housing associations such as the Ealing Tenants Association who were buying up land, on which to build cheap houses for the working classes.
He was also a member of the first Local Board of Health. His membership was necessary, along with other engineers, politicians and medical scientists to take measures to resist the spread of water borne disease.
He was a founding member and the first honorary secretary of the Institute of Municipal and County Engineers.
Grimms' Rockin' Duck combines pop music and poetry, recorded at Island Studios, London, England (and at Strawberry Studios, Stockport, England).
This biographical article related to a Portuguese association football midfielder is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Christopher Wernitznig (born 24 February 1990) is an Austrian footballer who plays for Wolfsberger AC in the Austrian Bundesliga.
This biographical article related to association football in Austria, about a midfielder, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Garin Regional Park is a regional park located in Hayward, California, that is part of the East Bay Regional Parks system. It shares a contiguous border with sister park Dry Creek Pioneer Regional Park. The park is the site of the former Garin Ranch, sold by Andrew J. Garin to the district in 1966.
The park is situated behind the California State University, East Bay campus, and extends south, sharing a border with Pleasanton Ridge Regional Park. Summits in the park reach as high as 1,500 feet. Among the maintained trails, Garin Regional Park features several fenced off abandoned trails, some of which lead deep into the forest.
The park is used by the Hayward Area Athletic League as a high-school cross-country course. It is considered the home course of Moreau Catholic High School. Due to the hilly nature of the course race times are generally slower on this course than comparable distances elsewhere. The 2 and 3 mile trails that are used climb the hills at the front of the park. The entire San Francisco Bay can be viewed from the hills.
The park contains a small historic apple orchard with heirloom varieties. The park hosts the Garin Apple Festival in late Summer, with apples available for tasting.
Peter Hall (born June 5, 1949) is a sailor from Canada, who represented his country at the 2018 Vintage Yachting Games in Hellerup Denmark. Hall as helmsman together with his fellow crew members Gord de Vries and Johan Offermans (The Netherlands) took the Silver medal in the Soling. Hall is representing Group P in the council of World Sailing. Furthermore, he was president of the International Soling Association from 2015 - 2016.
He was born on June 5, 1949, in Montreal, Quebec, Hall attended the Lower Canada College at Monkland Village, and earned a Bachelor's degree in Business Administration from Queen's University at Kingston and a bachelor's degree in law from McGill University at Montreal.
Hall lives in Montreal, is married with Margot. The couple has 3 children: Krista, Nicolas and William.
This biographical article related to yacht racing or sailing in Canada is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
 A minority religion is a religion held by a minority of the population of a country, state, or region. Minority religions may be subject to stigma or discrimination. An example of a stigma is using the term cult with its extremely negative connotations for certain new religious movements. People who belong to a minority religion may be subject to discrimination and prejudice, especially when the religious differences correlate with ethnic differences.
Laws are made in some countries to protect the rights of religious minorities, such as protecting the minorities' culture and to promote harmony with the majority.
TVP Kultura is the first TV theme channel to be run by the Polish public broadcaster TVP. It was launched on 24 April 2005 and is dedicated to arts and culture. Every day of the week, the channel concentrates on other disciplines; e.g., cinema, music, etc. It is broadcast from the TVP headquarters in Warsaw and is available on cable networks and on digital platforms in Poland.
This article about a property in Scott County, Iowa on the National Register of Historic Places is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about a building or structure in Iowa is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Emmanuel FC is a football club of East Timor based in Dili. The team plays in the Liga Futebol Amadora.
In 2020, the club participated in the 2020 Copa FFTL, the competition had 20 clubs divided into 4 groups of 5 teams, the two teams that had the most points in the group would advance to the Quarterfinals. With just one win, one draw and two defeats, the Emmanuel FC team ended their participation in third place in group D.
In 2013 the agency was merged with the organisation Swedish Trade Council, to form a new organisation named Business Sweden.
This biographical article relating to association football in the country of Georgia is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Signed in 1983 as a free agent by the Washington Capitals after starring for the University of Minnesota men's ice hockey team, Erickson played parts of two seasons with the Capitals before he was traded to the Los Angeles Kings.
This biographical article relating to an American ice hockey winger is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knucklebones, also known as snobs, astragalus, tali, dibs, fivestones, jacks, or jackstones, among many other names, is a game of dexterity played with a number of small objects that are thrown up, caught, and manipulated in various manners. It is ancient in origin and is found in various cultures worldwide. 
The name "knucklebones" is derived from the Ancient Greek version of the game, which uses the astragalus (a bone in the ankle, or hock) of a sheep. However, different variants of the game from various cultures use other objects, including stones, seashells, seeds, and cubes.
Knucklebones is of ancient indeterminate origin and has probably been independently invented several times. It is found throughout various cultures worldwide.
In the Middle East, e.g., in Turkey and Iran, there is a similar game called "ye qol do qol".[circular reference]
In Malaysia, Indonesia, Brunei, and Singapore, the game is called batu seremban (literally "five stones"), selambut, or serembat. Like the name implies, it only uses five pieces, usually stones, seeds (usually Adenanthera pavonina), or small pyramidal bags of sand or rice. It also involves multiple levels of difficulty, varying in the number of stones collected and tossed. It does not have a specialized stone for throwing, though the one picked for throwing is also referred to as the "mother".
The second, probably derivative, form of the game was one of pure chance, the stones being thrown upon a table, either from the hand or from a cup, and the values of the sides upon which they fell were counted. The shape of the pastern bones used for astragaloi as well as for the tali of the Romans, with whom knucklebones was also popular, determined the manner of counting.
The pastern bone of a sheep, goat, or calf has two rounded ends upon which it cannot stand and two broad and two narrow sides, one of each pair being concave and one convex. The convex narrow side, called chios or "the dog", was counted as 1, the convex broad side as 3, the concave broad side as 4, and the concave narrow side as 6.
Four astragali were used and 35 different scores were possible in a single throw. Many of these throws received distinctive names such as: Aphrodite, Midas, Solon, and Alexander. Among the Romans, some of the names were: Venus, King, and Vulture. The highest throw in Greece counted 40, and was called the Euripides. It was probably a combination throw, since more than four sixes could not be thrown at a single time. The lowest throw, both in Greece and Rome, was the Dog.
Versions of the game are popular among children of Amazigh origin across North Africa, and goes by a wide variety of names in the various Tamazight dialects.
The two forms of the game are present, the throw and catch version is called kapichua, payana, payanga, payanca, or payaya and it's a child's game played with stone pebbles, while the throw and gamble based on position it's called jogo do osso or taba and are played with a single cow knucklebone.
Songs for John Doe is the 1941 debut album and first released product of the Almanac Singers, an influential early folk music group.
For the album, six masters were recorded in a two- or three-hour session. "'C' For Conscription" and "Washington Breakdown" were recorded as a single take.
Godegisel was the educator and uncle of Clotilde, wife of the Frankish king Clovis I. Since 463 he was a sub-king of the Burgundians. With the help of Clovis, Godegisel attempted to become the king of all the kingdom of the Burgundians by eliminating his brother Gundobad. Gundobad had previously seized the rest of the kingdom after the assassination of their brother Chilperic II. 
Nikolai Tsvetkov (born 1960) is a Russian oligarch, the founder and president of Nikoil Financial. As of 2009[update], with a wealth of $1.8 billion, he was the world's 397th-richest person.
This Russian business-related biographical article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
"Chloe Dancer/Crown of Thorns" is a song by the Seattle, Washington-based rock band Mother Love Bone. The song is the fourth track on the band's debut EP, Shine (1989). "Chloe Dancer/Crown of Thorns" is actually two songs sequenced together. "Crown of Thorns" is found by itself on the band's sole studio album, Apple (1990). "Chloe Dancer" is not available as a stand-alone track.
"Chloe Dancer" is about lead singer Andy Wood's muse/fiancee, Xana La Fuente, who had planned to be a stripper to support the pair, but left the club after one hour. "Crown of Thorns" was written about their nasty breakup over his on and-off-again dabbling in heroin, which he eventually dies from. "This song is about a relationship ruined by drugs," she explains. "He wrote it about our near breakup, and how I tried to control him and the drugs--hence his allusion to being tied to the ceiling."
The song was featured in director Cameron Crowe's 1989 film, Say Anything..., but it was not included on the film's soundtrack. The song is featured on the soundtrack for Crowe's 1992 film, Singles. It was also featured in the One Tree Hill episode "Pictures of You" in 2007 and can be found on The Road Mix: Music from the Television Series One Tree Hill, Volume 3.
In April 2011, Kevin Wood (Andrew Wood's brother) teamed up with hard rock band Lace Weeper to record Mother Love Bone's "Crown of Thorns" as a tribute to Andy's 21 years passing. The single was released on Kevin's Wammybox Records.
Shawn Smith has also on multiple occasions covered the song, with and without his band Sweet Water. They were also accompanied by Seattle Symphony Orchestra on an occasion to cover the song.
On July 7, 2015 at a NYC show Slipknot and Stone Sour front man Corey Taylor performed a cover of Chloe Dancer.
The discography of T.S.O.L., an American punk rock band, consists of eleven studio albums, three live albums, three compilation albums, two EPs, two video albums, three singles, and five music videos.
^ I Who's Screwin' Who? was re-released by Cleopatra Records in 2008 as F#*k You Tough Guy: The Collection and in 2011 as Code Blue.
The following T.S.O.L. songs were released on compilation albums. This is not an exhaustive list; songs that were first released on the band's albums, EPs, or singles are not included.
Born in Cornwall, Canada West, the son of Alexander Eugene Macdonald and Grace Mackay Taylor, Macdonald was educated in the schools of Cornwall before joining the 2nd Cornwall Volunteer Militia Rifle Company as an ensign in 1863. He was promoted to lieutenant in 1865, captain in 1866, major in 1871, and lieutenant-colonel in 1877. He served during the Fenian raids of 1866, the Red River expedition of 1870, and the North-West Rebellion of 1885.
In 1874, he joined the stores branch of the Department of Militia and Defence. In 1896, he was appointed chief superintendent of stores. He was promoted to colonel in 1900 and was made Director-General of Ordnance for Canada in 1903. In 1904, he was appointed Quartermaster-General of the Canadian Militia. He was promoted to brigadier-general in 1908 and major-general in 1912. He was responsible for equipping the first Canadian formations raised in World War I.
Ilona Jokinen (born 1981) is a Finnish soprano opera singer, whose repertoire ranges from baroque to contemporary music. She has won many prizes in Finnish national singing competitions and lied music competitions, such as first prize in Pentti Koskimies lied competition, third prizes at the Merikanto singing competition, and Toivo Kuula competition.
Ilona Jokinen has held prominent roles at Savonlinna Opera Festival, Finnish National Opera, and other venues. She has performed as Fransquita (Bizet: Carmen), Vera (Kortekangas: Daddy's Girl), Thyra (Hakola: Vieriva kivi), Young Shepherd (Wagner: Tannhauser), and Susanna (Mozart: Le Nozze di Figaro) to mention a few.
Tricholoma atroviolaceum is a mushroom of the agaric genus Tricholoma. It is from the fungi kingdom. It was described as new to science by American mycologist Alexander H. Smith in 1944. The mushroom seems to be exclusive to the Pacific coast of North America; it can be found in the Pacific Northwest under conifers, usually in sparse quantities.
The cap is broadly convex to flat with a hard texture, covered with purplish gray-brown fibrous scales. The flesh tends to stain red-gray. The gills are pinkish-gray. The stipe is thick, sometimes larger at the base, and browns with age. The flesh has a starchy odor and slightly bitter taste.
Villa Jacini is a large rural palace located on Via Conte Stefano Jacini the frazione of Zuccone Robasacco, within the town limits of Triuggio, Province of Monza and Brianza, region of Lombardy, Italy.
The location was notable since 1289 by the presence of a chapel or small church, still present on the property as the chapel of the Blessed Virgin Mary. Zuccone San Giovanni led to the construction of a rural palace of lodge, later also known as Villa Sacro Cuore, Villa Zuccone Jacini, or Villa Zuccone Rubasacco.
A request to build an oratory at the site was made in 1571, by Battista Fedele to the archbishop of Milan, Carlo Borromeo. The property came into hands of the Cardinal Angelo Maria Durini (1725-1796) who used the property as a hunting lodge.
The interiors were decorated in the late 19th-century with trompe-l'oeil and stucco. Photographs from the 19th-century document sumptuous decoration and artwork with carved wooden ceilings in the main salon. A Palazzo Jacini is located in Casalbuttano in the province of Cremona.
Damon Styles is expelled from school on his eighteenth birthday.  He gets himself a firearms licence and intends to get a job shooting pigs with Pigman. But Damon harbours secrets and the citizens of the town of Strathven believe they know what Damon is planning and set out to stop him.
Holly Harper for Readings hadn't "been this impressed with a main character in quite some time" and thought the author "has created an absolutely unforgettable cast of characters".
O.K. Ken? is the second studio album by the blues band, Chicken Shack, released in February 1969. O.K Ken? reached number 9 in the UK Albums Chart, three places higher than its predecessor, 40 Blue Fingers, Freshly Packed and Ready to Serve.
 Low Etherley is a village in County Durham, in England. It is located a few miles to the west of Bishop Auckland.
In 1825 the Stockton and Darlington Railway opened a horse-drawn branch line, the Etherley Incline Railway, from West Auckland to serve Witton Park Colliery, north of Etherley. This line passed through Low Etherley, where it was worked by a cable-hauled incline powered by a stationary steam engine.
Home for the Holidays is the fifty-second album by American singer/guitarist Glen Campbell, released in 1993 (see 1993 in music).
Diadelia griseola is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Breuning in 1939.
Elfi Graf (born Elfriede Sepp 20 November 1952 in Dornbirn, Vorarlberg) is an Austrian Schlagersinger.
Graf was born in Dornbirn and grew up there with her two siblings. She studied classical music, but did not complete the course. In 1971, she won the talent competition Show Chance and then the schlager singer Gus Backus discovered her in Talentschuppen.
In 1990, Graf competed in the German preliminary round of Grand Prix der Volksmusik with the song Einen Adam, einen Apfel und ein kleines Paradies, and in 1995, she competed in the Austrian round with the song Lieber Leierkastenmann.
By now, Mara was now willing to admit the Yankees into the NFL, as the only survivor of the defunct AFL. He even allowed the team to play its home games at Yankee Stadium. However, Mara was able to dictate the Yankees' schedule. When the Giants were in the Polo Grounds, the Yankees were to be on the road.
In 1929, Mara was looking for a player who might approach Grange in fan appeal. He saw Benny Friedman of the Detroit Wolverines as the best option available. When he couldn't make a deal for Friedman, Mara simply bought the entire Detroit franchise for $10,000. For the next few years Mara had ultimate ownership of three NFL franchises; however, he never interfered with the management of any of the teams that operated under his leases.
During the Great Depression in 1930, New York Mayor Jimmy Walker approached Mara about playing a charity exhibition game, which he quickly agreed to do. The Giants defeated the Notre Dame All-Stars, which included the legendary Four Horsemen. The Giants easily outscored Notre Dame, 21-0. As a result of the game, Mara and the Giants raised $115,153 for the New York City Unemployment Fund.
In 1936 and 1937, Mara successfully battled for New York's pro football market against the Brooklyn Tigers and the New York Yankees of the second American Football League. He also successfully outlasted the New York Yankees of the third third American Football League.[citation needed]
However, from 1946 to 1949, Mara engaged in an all-out war with the All-America Football Conference. Mara and the Giants were faced with two AAFC opponents in the New York City area, the New York Yankees and the Brooklyn Dodgers. Again Mara fought hard for New York's pro football fanbase and eventually won. When the two leagues partially merged after the 1949 season, Mara demanded and got the best players from the combined New York-Brooklyn franchise that had operated in 1949.[citation needed]
Mara died in 1959 at the age of 71. His vast contributions to the NFL were recognized with his 1963 election to the charter class of 17 members in the Pro Football Hall of Fame.[citation needed]
A jangseung or village guardian is a Korean totem pole usually made of wood. Jangseungs were traditionally placed at the edges of villages to mark village boundaries and frighten away demons. They were also worshipped as village tutelary deities.
In the Jeolla region, jangseungs are often made of stone bearing some resemblance to the dolhareubangs of Jeju Island.
In Seoul, 18th century Joseon Dynasty King Jeongjo ordered jangseungs erected in the area near Sangdo to ward off evil spirits when he made a royal procession to Suwon, where his father's tomb was located. Since then, the district has been called Jangseungbaegi and has given its name to the Jangseungbaegi Station on the Seoul Metropolitan Subway's Line 7.
Depending on the location or affiliation, jangseung can be divided into village guardian, temple guardian, and public guardian.
The village guardian is the god of dongje, and has the functions of village guardian, mural, expelling the harmful ghosts, fire prevention, and gathering happiness for the village.
The temple guardian post has the function of protecting the temple from the invisible evil spirits. The temple guardian is the boundary mark of the temple.
The public guardian is a milestone and a street god to protect the safety of the gate, barracks, and roads and sea roads.
Mid-size cars would first be implemented for this NASCAR Grand National Cup Series season. Ten years later, the rising price of gas for passenger vehicles caused all car classes to shrink. Automakers moved previously "full-size" nameplates to smaller platforms.
There are four of Chuuk's 40 municipalities in the Pattiw area. Houk and Poluwat are municipalities, while Pollap atoll is divided into the municipalities of Pollap (north) and Tamatam (south). The largest municipality of Pattiw is Poluwat, with a population of 1,015 (as of 2000).
This Federated States of Micronesia location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Rambhau Mhalgi Prabodhini is a not-for-profit organisation established in memory of the Rambhau Mhalgi. Established in 1982, RMP is a learning and research organisation for aspiring political leaders and current elected representatives of India. RMP operates nationally through its offices in Delhi, Pune, Mumbai, and its headquarters in Thane.
RMP is often linked with the Bharatiya Janata Party and right-wing Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh outfit. It is a recognized research centre by Mumbai University.
RMP political leadership training mission was implemented first at the behest of parliamentarian Rambhau Mhalgi. Mhalgi was influenced by RSS thinker and BJP leader Deendayal Upadhyaya, who had conceived the idea of a learning  establishment for aspiring political leaders and current elected representatives of India. In 1982, Pramod Mahajan, senior BJP leader, opened Rambhau Mhalgi Prabodhini campus at Uttan village, near Bhayandar.
In January 2020, the Congress party objected to training government officials at RMP citing right-wing political leaning of RMP.
The Culbertson 4-5 notrump is a slam seeking convention in the game of contract bridge. It was devised in the early 1930s by Ely Culbertson. Most four-notrump conventions (Blackwood and its variants being the best known) demand that bidder's partner define their hand using agreed codified responses. In contrast, the Culbertson 4-5 describes the bidder's hand, and invites partner to use their judgement in the light of that information.
Culbertson's proposal of this convention threatened to disrupt the publication of the 1935 version of the Laws of Contract Bridge. The Portland Club, guardian of the laws in England, considered it equivalent to playing with exposed cards. Noel Mobbs persuaded the Club that they were wrong.
In his 1949 book Design for Bidding, "Skid" Simon called the Culbertson 4-5 "an adult weapon" and Blackwood "merely a nice toy".
The Culbertson 4-5 has been superseded by Blackwood and other conventions, but was reported in 1967 to still be popular among some leading British players.
OW2 is an independent non-profit organization dedicated to developing open source code infrastructure for middleware enterprise information systems. OW2 federates IT vendors and users, universities, and research centers from Europe, Asia, and the Americas, representing thousands of IT professionals.
OW2 provides developers with technical infrastructure, offering project hosting and providing a number of services to facilitate the collaborative work (versioning, bug tracking, licenses, etc.).
OW2 runs an open source governance system helping members connect with each other and with the international open source ecosystem at large. OW2 Governance provides the collaboration framework for its activities, namely, its Projects, Initiatives, and Local Chapters. As part of its governance efforts, OW2 develops its own project quality and assessment system made available as the Open Source Capability Assessment Radar (OSCAR) and the Market Readiness Index (MRI).
OW2 engages in marketing activities to promote its brand, its code base and its members. OW2 regularly takes part in industry conferences and trade shows around the world including Cloud Expo Europe, Cloud Computing World Expo, FISL, FOSDEM, OpenStack Summit, OSCON, Paris Open Source Summit, etc. It also hosts its own yearly conference, known as OW2con.
In addition, OW2 provides information dissemination and community building services for R&D collaborative projects funded by European or French research programs.
Initiatives are joint efforts by multiple members targeted at meeting a common market need. Initiatives arise from examining market trends and identifying areas of need. Initiatives are constituted by several projects and facilitate their implementations into business solutions by systems integrators, OEMs, and end-users.
A Local Chapter is a group of OW2 members who combine their efforts to promote the goals of the consortium within a community characterized by its geography or language. Current OW2 Local Chapters can be found throughout Europe, China, Brazil, and North America.
OW2con is OW2's global annual conference for the OW2 community and IT professionals, organized since 2009. Topics of the two-day conference are open source software for enterprise information systems, cloud computing, big data, privacy and security, and accessibility. Traditionally held in Paris, each annual conference is focussed on a new central theme.
During the off-season the Thunder were purchased by Steven Brothers Sports Management, LLC from long time owner Horn Chen. The Thunder resigned eight players from the 2010-11 season.
The series premiered on 27 May 2013.[citation needed] The final episode of the series aired on 10 December 2015.[citation needed]
The first season mainly covers the teenage years of Maharana Pratap. The second season ends with Pratap's death from illness and the coronation of his son, Amar Singh, as the next Rana of Mewar.[citation needed]
Rehearsal is the second studio album by Australian surf music and garage rock band Skegss, released on 26 March 2021. The album debuted at number one on the ARIA Albums Chart. Upon announcement, Skegss' Ben Reed said he was "not expecting it", and CEO of ARIA Annabelle Herd remarked that the band's "good time energy is exactly what we need right now".
At the 2021 ARIA Music Awards, Chris Collins was nominated for Engineer of the Year for work on this album.
This biographical article about a Czech politician is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Atlanta Crackers were Minor League Baseball teams based in Atlanta, Georgia, between 1901 and 1965. The Crackers were Atlanta's home team until the Atlanta Braves moved from Milwaukee, Wisconsin, in 1966.
The Crackers won the Dixie Series, a postseason interleague championship between the champions of the Southern Association and the Texas League, in 1938 and 1954.
According to Tim Darnell, who wrote The Crackers: Early Days of Atlanta Baseball, the origins of the team name is unknown.
During the period of Reconstruction following the American Civil War, there was also a political party of the same name. Organized in Augusta, Georgia, this party's platform was one of "opposition to Catholics and segregation of blacks".
While now sometimes used as a derogatory term for a white southerner that promotes racism, it is also used as a term of pride by some white southerners to indicate one that is descended from those original settlers of the area.
As in several other cities, Atlanta's local Negro league team was named after the local White league team: the Atlanta Black Crackers joined the Negro Southern League in 1920, and existed until the early 1950s.
Play-by-play announcer Ernie Harwell called Cracker games on the radio from 1943 to 1949 before being traded to Brooklyn Dodgers for catcher Cliff Dapper,[citation needed] the only time an announcer has been traded for a player.
According to a 1989 archeological survey, the structure was built in the 1130s and may have been used for less than a century. Although its original purpose is unknown, theories suggest it was either used as a shelter during the turbulent times on Gotland at the end of the Viking Age or that it was the site of a last stand.
Among the archeological finds at the Bulverket are the remains of three boats. One of these served as a model for the reconstruction of a Viking boat, the Krampmacken, in 1980. Krampmacken has subsequently made several journeys following old Viking waterways through Eastern Europe.
One of the recommended ways of seeing the Bulverket is during the winter, when the ice is smooth and clear and the lake is used for tour skating.
Dendrochronological and Carbon-14 examinations shows that the Bulverket was built in the 1130s, and archeologists are as of 2015[update] trying to ascertain how long it was in use. The current estimates are a few years up to a century.
The Congressional Medal of Merit is the United States Congress' award for young Americans.  This award is for ages 14 to 23.  It is intended to honor individuals who have shown outstanding achievement in areas such as academics and service. The award is presented by a member of congress to the individual regardless of partisanship.
The Congressional Medal of Merit was established in 1942 by President Franklin D. Roosevelt. It was first created to honor citizens of the United States for their services during World War II.  In present times a member of the United States Congress may award the Congressional Medal of Merit to their constituents as a way to honor citizens for their contributions, leadership, and achievements.
Much traditional Chinese art was made for the imperial court, often to be then redistributed as gifts. As well as Chinese painting, sculpture and Chinese calligraphy, there are a great range of what may be called decorative or applied arts.  Chinese fine art is distinguished from Chinese folk art, which differs in its style and purpose.  This article gives an overview of the many different applied arts of China.
The Chinese imperial court collected calligraphy pieces from the most skilled calligraphers in the country. The collection contains many masterpieces made by well-known calligraphers throughout Chinese art history. Furthermore, because of calligraphy's high artistic value, calligraphy collecting was popular among several Chinese emperors in multiple dynasties.
Calligraphy on fan by Mo Shilong, China, Ming dynasty, 16th century, ink on gold paper, Honolulu Academy of Arts
Chinese ceramics, whose history originates back to the pre-dynastic periods, has continuously improved since then, and it is one of the most significant forms of Chinese art.
After opium was introduced to China, snuff bottles became popular. The Chinese royalties were addicted to them, as they used opium as a long-life medicine. The design of the snuff bottles flourished because of the money that the rich poured into the industry. Many of these bottles were made by talented artisans using tiny paints brushes; they were painted from inside of the bottle, reaching down from the top of the narrow neck. They are still highly collectible up to this day.[citation needed]
Pilgrim flask decorated with peaches and pomegranates; Ming dynasty, 1st half of 17th century, Museum Rietberg, Zurich
A golden canteen made during the Chinese Ming dynasty, dated 15th century, Freer and Sackler Galleries, Washington D.C.
In the 18th Century, a Qing dynasty covered vase depicting a woman holding a lingzhi fungus and a peony branch was created. The woman was also accompanied by a boy, a crane, and a deer as shown below.[citation needed]
Covered Vase Decorated with Female Figure, Qing dynasty, 18th century, coral, Asian collection in the Worcester Art Museum, Worcester, Massachusetts
Ruyi is a scepter that serves primarily as a decoration. Its history began in the Qing dynasty when Ruyi scepters were given to noted visitors of the emperor. Now, they're given as birthday presents. Ruyi is made of different materials, including porcelain and jade. The term Ruyi means "may your wish be granted" or "as you wish". The unusual shape is meant to imitate the shape of a stemmed lotus flower.
Chinese embroidery is one of the oldest extant needlework. The four major regional styles of Chinese embroidery are Suzhou (Su Xiu), Hunan (Xiang Xiu), Guangdong (Yue Xiu) and Sichuan (Shu Xiu). All of them are nominated as Chinese Intangible Cultural Heritage.[citation needed]
Detail of qifu (imperial dragon robe), late 19th or early 20th century, silk, gilt thread, twill and damask weave, embroidery, Honolulu Academy of Arts
Chinese summer court robe ("dragon robe"), c. 1890s, silk gauze couched in gold thread, East-West Center
Detail of qifu (imperial dragon robe), late 19th or early 20th century, silk, gilt thread, twill and damask weave, embroidery, Honolulu Academy of Arts
Hall had a traumatic brain injury and near death experience in 2009, when a car operated by a distracted driver struck her as she was crossing a street in Beverly Hills. It took years of recovery from the TBI for her to return to her work.
SoftEther Corporation is a Japanese software company. It was founded as an industry-academia-government venture in April 2004 by University of Tsukuba students, with the goal to develop the software of the same name, SoftEther VPN. The name indicated that a software emulates an Ethernet.
The VPN software called SoftEther (SoftEther 1.0) was written by Daiyu Nobori, who became the Representative Director and Chairman of the new company. In 2003, the software's development was adopted as one of the projects of the Exploratory Youth program, sponsored by Information Technology Promotion Agency, Japan. "In addition to being highly evaluated by the project manager, there were 1 million downloads in three months after making it available at the website."
The first SoftEther sales version was released in August 2004 called SoftEther CA, by Mitsubishi Materials Corporation, Japan.
The second version of the software, released in December 2005, the name of the software was changed to PacketiX VPN 2.0 from SoftEther 2.0. In 2006, PacketiX VPN 2.0 won the "Software of the Year" award from the Information-Technology Promotion Agency.
In 2010 March, PacketiX VPN 3.0 was released by Softether Corporation. Some functions were added to new version (as examples: support IPv6, 802.1Q VLAN, TLS 1.0). This version is compatible with PacketiX VPN 2.0.
In 2013 July, PacketiX VPN 4.0 was released by SoftEther Corporation. In this version, some existent protocols support was added.
In 2010 June, UT-VPN was released by SoftEther Corporation and University of Tsukuba. UT-VPN is an open source VPN software. UT-VPN has compatible as PacketiX VPN products of SoftEther Corporation.
UT-VPN developed based on PacketiX VPN 3.0, but some functions was deleted. For example, the RADIUS client is supported by PacketiX VPN Server, but it is not supported by UT-VPN Server.
In 2013 July, SoftEther VPN was released by SoftEther VPN Project with SoftEther Corporation and University of Tsukuba.
SoftEther VPN 1.0 developed based on PacketiX VPN 4.0. Compatibility and the restrictions of functions follow UT-VPN. It is scheduled to release source codes with the GNU General Public License (GPL) in 2013.
On January 4, 2014, SoftEther VPN announced that the source code of SoftEther VPN was released as open-source software under the GPLv2 license. SoftEther VPN is the underlying VPN engine of VPN Gate.
The women's rhythmic group 5 balls competition of the rhythmic gymnastics events at the 2011 Pan American Games was held on October 17 at the Nissan Gymnastics Stadium. The draw for the competition took place on August 1, 2011 in Guadalajara. The defending Pan American Games champion was team Brazil.
 Shooting first entered the Summer Paralympic Games in 1976. Australia has competed at every Paralympic shooting competition.
The Amazing Race 9 is the ninth installment of the American reality television show The Amazing Race. The season featured eleven teams of two, all with pre-existing relationships, in a race around the world for a US$1 million grand prize. The show premiered on Tuesday, February 28, 2006, and concluded on May 17, 2006.
Additionally, this season of The Amazing Race was the first one to start and end at the same location: Red Rocks Amphitheatre, the world-famous outdoor concert venue outside Denver. Other seasons have started and ended in the same city (Season 1 in New York City and Season 6 in Chicago), but the location of the Starting and Finish Lines were different. 
As a result of scheduling conflicts after the season finale aired, runners-up Eric & Jeremy were unable to attend the premiere of The Da Vinci Code, which had moved from Hollywood to the Cannes Film Festival and was their prize for securing first place in Leg 6. They later announced that CBS had given them a different prize as compensation.
Applications for The Amazing Race 9 were closed on July 26, 2005 (a day after the original deadline). Semi-finalist interviews were held sometime in September 2005. Final casting interviews took place in October 2005.
Following the Family Edition experiment of Season 8, which featured teams of four family members racing in the United States and Central America, this season returned to the traditional format of eleven teams of two competing in a race around the world. The teams included hippie best friends, a couple married for 40 years, and sisters living in different states.
After the season finale, Eric announced that he was dating Danielle and had planned to move to New York to be closer to her. After the two participated in the All-Star season in 2007, Eric & Danielle said in a post-show interview that they were no longer dating due to distance and were now just friends. Danielle married in 2011 and is now a mother of two young daughters, born in 2009 and 2012.
Ray proposed to Yolanda on The Early Show the morning after the season finale, and she accepted. This episode also showed their full progress on the final leg of The Amazing Race, including Yolanda's progress on the Roadblock.
Joseph & Monica got married a few years after the season ended, but it ended in divorce. Monica remarried Green Bay Packers long snapper Brett Goode.
Lisa Hinds died on August 22, 2017, following a battle with cancer, at the age of 59, one day before her 60th birthday.
Eric Sanchez and Danielle Turner were also selected to race in The Amazing Race: All-Stars among a cast of returning teams from seasons 1-10. Jeremy Ryan was featured in the closing minutes appearance of the season finale on that season.
Since September 2019, Lake and Michelle Garner have starred on their own local TV show called The Tooth Hurts. The show features both their home lives and their business lives. It is also available for viewing on both the show's YouTube homepage and Facebook homepage.
On August 27, 2006, Season 9 won a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Reality-Competition Program, the fourth consecutive award for the series. Producers nominated this season instead of the critically lambasted Family Edition, which was also eligible for the award.
The following teams participated in the season, each listed along with their placements in each leg and relationships as identified by the program. Note that this table is not necessarily reflective of all of the content broadcast on television, owing to the inclusion or exclusion of some data. Placements are listed in finishing order:
Individual prizes were awarded to the first team to complete a leg unless otherwise noted. Excluding Leg 6's prize, trips were provided by Travelocity. The prizes were:
This leg's first Detour was a choice between Scrub or Scour. In Scrub, teams had travel to a trolley bus depot at 8 Trolley Park and had to thoroughly wash a Russian public trolleybus inside and out to the satisfaction of the trolleybus attendant to receive their next clue. In Scour, teams had travel to Dubrovka Theatre to search among 1,500 pieces of Russian nesting dolls to find one of 10 with a microscopic clue hidden inside a doll.
In this leg's second Roadblock, one team member had to search among 150 hats and feet scattered across a large field for one of eleven hidden Travelocity Roaming Gnomes containing their next clue.
This leg's second Detour was a choice between Break It or Slap It. In Break It, teams broke stunt bottles over each other's heads until they found prost, the German word for cheers, written on the back of the label to receive their next clue. However, they could only smash one bottle per cuckoo from a traditional German cuckoo clock. In Slap It, teams had to learn and correctly perform a traditional Schuhplattler dance to receive their next clue.
In this leg's Roadblock, one team member had to correctly piece together a classical Greek statue, excluding two extra pieces that did not belong unbeknownst to the racers, to receive their next clue from an archeologist.
In this leg's Roadblock, one team member had to participate in a popular Italian sport: kayak polo. They would join a professional team and participate in an ongoing match. When the team member scored one goal, a coach would give them their next clue.
This season's first Fast Forward had teams travel on foot less than a mile to Stamatopoulos Taverna and take part in a traditional Greek method of dispelling mischievous spirits: plate breaking. Teams had to break plates to find a route marker flag baked into only one of hundreds of plate. The first team to find the flag would win the Fast Forward award.
In this leg's Roadblock, one team member had to dig into 117 sand dunes to find one of 6 Omani underground ovens with a shuwa, a woven pouch with a meal of lamb wrapped in a dried palm leaf bag and steamed in the oven, which they would have for dinner, to receive their next clue from a Bedouin.
In this leg's Roadblock, one team member had to search a block of Fremantle Prison for one of several cells within Division 4 that contained Duracell CopperTop batteries and a flashlight. They then had to search for an entrance to a darkened cavern, descend underground, and use the flashlight to search a set of either wet or dry tunnels for their next clue.
This season's second Fast Forward required teams to travel to a restaurant outside of Lopburi to complete a favorite local after-school activity, which they would discover was eating a bowl of fried crickets and grasshoppers. The first team to clear the bowl would win the Fast Forward and the right to go directly to the Pit Stop.
In this leg's Roadblock, one team member had to recreate a properly carved and arranged fruit ceremonial feast and give it to monkeys at Prang Sam Yot, much like locals do during an annual festival, to receive their next clue.
In this leg's Roadblock, one team member had to ride on three extreme rides in the following order: The Pizza, Dodonpa, and Fujiyama. While riding, they had to spot a man holding a message somewhere along one of the rides. After their third ride, they had to tell the park manager what message they saw to receive their next clue; if not, they would have to go on all three rides again.
After his parliamentary service, his Megalong Valley enterprise and his discharge from bankruptcy on 19 Nov 1901, Wall's activity switched back to the Mudgee area. Between August 1907 and May 1908, he took up further mining leases in Windeyer and Hargraves. The complex geology of the district held/holds many opportunities and gold mining the deeper reefs using modern techniques is still being carried out (Aug. 2008) in all the Mudgee areas where Wall once held mining leases.
In May 1911 he held Lease PL No. 232 adjoining the Traelman Gold mining Company at Ivy Paddock near Mudgee and was also investigating the setting-up of a 'hill-side' furnace on the Dunedoo rail line, near Mudgee. In October 1912, a William Wall is listed as holding a 4 acre mining lease at Yambulla (south of Cooma, NSW).
In the letter from Yalgogrin to his daughter Ethel (June 1919), he describes the severe drought at that time and states his intention to come down to Sydney via Mudgee as soon as he can process his ore at the Yalgogrin stamper battery.
Wall was an autodidact. When he was 12, the Mechanics Institute Library was located in a property at 3 Short Street Mudgee belonging to his uncle, Thomas Spicer. It contained 200 volumes. It is likely that this library provided the beginning for his extensive knowledge of minerals, geology and mining practice. As noted above, he was interested in forestry and his Hansard speeches show his interests ranged widely.
He was also an inventor, and his interests ranged over many issues during his life. Some of his 'Letters to Editor' appear in the Sydney Morning Herald from the 1880s through to the early 1900s.
Jones played drums as a child and started on clarinet at age 8; his father encouraged him to explore jazz. He studied with Simeon Bellison, Joe Allard, Charlie Parker, and George Russell. He played with Ray McKinley from 1949 into the mid-1950s, and then with Hal McIntyre before rejoining McKinley later in the decade.
Late in his life he moved to Germany, where he ceased performing due to emphysema. He died there in 1980.
The Human Centipede 2 (Full Sequence) received substantial attention and controversy for its graphic depictions of violence, sexual violence and body horror. It was subject to heavy censorship throughout the world, where it was sometimes edited to remove objectionable content or banned altogether. It was critically panned by critics, with much criticism focused on its acting, plot, and violence.
The scene cuts back to the tollbooth, with Martin watching the credits of First Sequence on his laptop, with exactly the same reaction as the initial scene, implying the events that followed had never actually happened.
Six was inspired to make the movie a metafilm after reporters kept asking him if he worried about people committing copycat crimes inspired by the first film. Although he had previously considered the concept for a possible sequel, the questions cemented his idea.
Principal photography for Full Sequence began in London in June 2010 with a largely British cast. A teaser trailer was released on 24 September, in which Six introduced Martin, a man wearing a cardboard box over his head, as the new doctor.
The film had its United States premiere at Fantastic Fest in Austin, Texas, on 22 September 2011. The film's distributor, IFC Films, gave audience members complimentary barf bags at the screening, and stationed an ambulance outside the theater as a gimmick. However, one audience member became so physically ill during the premiere that actual paramedics had to assist her.
The film began a limited theatrical release in the United States on 7 October 2011. It was released unrated and only had midnight showings. The film was released in an "unrated director's cut" on DVD and Blu-ray on 14 February 2012; the film runs a total 91 minutes.
A full-color version of the film was released for the first time in the United States on 27 October 2015, exclusively on The Human Centipede: The Complete Sequence Blu-ray set.
In April 2016, a Tennessee high school teacher was suspended after the film was played during class. Tom Six responded by tweeting "It should be mandatory to watch THC2 in school classes...It deals with a character that is bullied and what to do!" Six also said that he would be giving the teacher an autographed copy of the film.
We are really pleased that after nearly four months of detailed discussion and debate, we have been able to reach an agreement with the BBFC and to produce a very viable cut of the film which will both excite and challenge its fans. Naturally we have a slight disappointment that we have had to make cuts, but we feel that the storyline has not been compromised and the level of horror has been sustained.
In May 2011, the uncut film was originally granted an R18+ classification by the Australian Classification Board (ACB). However, this decision was later overruled after Minister for Justice Brendan O'Connor asked for a review of the rating by the Australian Classification Review Board. On 28 November 2011, the film was reviewed and by unanimous decision of a three-person board, refused classification.
Several groups and individuals, including FamilyVoice Australia, Collective Shout and Cardinal George Pell, the Archbishop of Sydney, welcomed the decision. Monster Pictures, the Australian distributor of the film, criticised the decision and announced their intention to re-edit and re-submit the film for review.
On 13 December 2011, the ACB classified a modified version of the film at R18+ for "high impact themes, violence and sexual violence". Monster Pictures expressed their "delight", and clarified that thirty seconds of the film had been "modified". They concluded that "this decision highlights the absurdity of Classification Review Board's decision to ban the film in the first place."
Due to the reaction by Australian film authorities, the film was not submitted for theatrical distribution in New Zealand. However, in April 2012, the DVD version was classified as  "objectionable" (banned) by the New Zealand Office of Film & Literature Classification.
The Human Centipede 2 (Full Sequence) opened at 45th place with $49,456, for an average of $2,748, in the 18 theaters where it premiered. With four theaters added the next weekend, the film dropped a modest 29.9% with $34,679. Its third weekend saw a 56.2% drop despite having two more theaters added. However, in its fourth weekend, the film lost 12 theaters, causing a 61.9% drop ($5,792). In its final weekend, it grossed $2,267, putting the movie's resting spot at #95 for the weekend.
The film grossed $5,824 in Iceland and $1,511 in the United Kingdom. Released in Peru in April 2012, the horror picture grossed $21,111 there. At the end of its run, the film made $141,877, about half of what the previous installment had grossed.
The film has a rating of 29% at Rotten Tomatoes based on 82 reviews, with a weighted average of 3.28/10. The site's consensus reads: "The Human Centipede II (Full Sequence) attempts to weave in social commentary but as the movie wears on, it loses its ability to repulse and shock and ends up obnoxious and annoying." At Metacritic, it rates 17 out of 100, indicating "overwhelming dislike", based on 22 reviews.
Some reviewers found the extreme nature of the film boring. Robert Koehler, writing for Variety, found the gore so excessive that he termed it a form of lazy filmmaking. "More boring than stomach-churning, the film nevertheless contains scattered scenes and sequences so far beyond the tolerance of the squeamish that it can't be overstated; one, detailing the violent birth and death of a baby, is here simply to shock the most jaded of the jaded," he wrote.
Roger Ebert, of the Chicago Sun-Times, who did not assign a star rating to the original, gave this film zero stars on review, calling it "reprehensible, dismaying, ugly, artless and an affront to any notion, however remote, of human decency." He would later name it the worst movie of 2011.
In the UK, the reception of the film was just as hostile. Scott Weinberg and Catherine Shoard in The Guardian and Mark Kermode in The Observer praised the BBFC for heavily censoring the film, their only regret being that the BBFC could not make The Human Centipede 2 into a "better" film.
Around late 2012, actor Dieter Laser and Six ended their legal battle about creative differences, which had been ongoing since March 2012. Laser and Harvey returned for the third film, which is set in the United States, and played new characters. Six had said that the film would star a "big American celebrity," have "a storyline that nobody would expect," and feature a centipede consisting of 500+ people.
Filming commenced in May 2013, with Eric Roberts added to the cast. Other cast members include former pornographic actress Bree Olson, Robert LaSardo, and Tommy "Tiny" Lister, Jr.. Filming concluded in June, with the film taking place in a prison. The official tagline for the film is "100% Politically Incorrect." The Human Centipede 3 (Final Sequence) was released both theatrically and on video on demand on 22 May 2015.
The Following lines run through Tirana. Some start at the city center near Skanderbeg Square (hence the name "Qender", meaning "Centre") or near the Clock Tower of Tirana. 
In anticipation of the construction of the two new multi-modal bus terminals near Kamza Overpass on the western entrance of Tirana, and near TEG Shopping Center in southeastern Tirana, inter-city lines depart from different locations around Tirana as follows:
McPherson specializes in vacuum fabrication, ultraviolet optical systems, spectroscopic technique, and high resolution spectral test and measurement instrumentation. End-user and OEM applications include research, metrology, semiconductors, pharmaceuticals, nanotechnology, aerospace and defense.
Today, McPherson instruments are employed in laboratory environments around the world, for spectroscopic analysis in the infrared, visible, vacuum ultraviolet, and soft x-ray regions.
Additional patents (3,026,435) (3,161,769) (3,490,848) (3,433,557)3 for easily exchangeable optics, ultraviolet light sources and detectors have also been granted to McPherson.
Chondrometopum arcuatum is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Chondrometopum of the family Tephritidae.
This article related to members of the insect family Ulidiidae is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
IslandWood is a non-profit environmental education organization with programs on Bainbridge Island, Seattle, and Woodinville in Washington. 
IslandWood runs the Graduate Program in Education for Environment and Community (EEC) which is offered in partnership with the University of Washington College of Education.
In 2014, IslandWood partnered with Antioch University Seattle (AUS) to launch the Urban Environmental Education Program. In 2019, IslandWood and AUS ended their partnership, with AUS taking over the program.
This Kitsap County, Washington state location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This biographical article relating to bobsleigh in Bulgaria is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Iglesia Watawat ng Lahi, often considered as the original Rizalist group, was established on December 25, 1936.   Rev. Fr. Luis Fabrigar and Jose Baricanosa was the sect's first Supreme Bishop and president respectively. The founder od Iglesia Watawat ng Lahi was Arsenio Deguzman 
The sect's headquarters is located in Calamba, Laguna and has established 100 chapters throughout the Philippines. In the 1980s, the number of Rizalista converts was about 100,000 the highest amount in sect's history but within the same period, the group experienced a schism with four new groups seceding from the Iglesia Watawat ng Lahi. .
The birth and death anniversary of Rizal are considered one of the most important holidays for the sect. During these days the sect celebrates Misa de Tres an elaborate celebration of flowers, flags, and parades. Gomburza Day, Bonifacio Day and other national holidays are also important holidays for the sect.  The sect also celebrates Christmas every October 3, the date they consider as the true birthday of Jesus Christ.
During many religious celebrations, sect members often wear clothing with the colors of the Philippine flag.
Finds from the area include a 12th-century silver finger ring, a bone comb, fragments of a lignite bracelet, skeletal remains from fields surrounding the church and an early 10th-century copper alloy and crutch-headed pin now in the British Museum.
For more information see The Troubles in Kilmore, County Armagh, which includes a list of incidents in Kilmore during The Troubles resulting in two or more fatalities.
The nearest GAA club to Kilmore is Ballyhegan Davitts GAC, one of the oldest clubs in County Armagh.
This article related to the geography of County Armagh, Northern Ireland is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
KALV-FM (101.5 MHz, "Live 101-5") is a commercial FM radio station in Phoenix, Arizona. It is owned by Audacy, Inc. and it airs a Top 40/CHR format. KALV-FM's studios are located in downtown Phoenix, and its transmitter is in South Mountain Park. (There is an AM station in Alva, Oklahoma, also using the KALV call letters but they are not related.)
By 1989, EZ Communications had taken the station completely live and local with a Hot AC format as "The All New Magic 101." In May 1990, it moved to an AC format as KMXX ("Mix 101"). It was later sold to Sundance Broadcasting in 1992, and on July 31 of that year, it switched to AAA as KZON ("The Zone"). The "Zone" moniker would carry throughout its incarnations of modern rock, Modern AC, Adult Top 40 and back to modern rock in 2000 up until its flip to hot talk in January 2006.
As of 2010, KZON has expanded its focus to include Dance and Pop tracks, overtaking KZZP and KKFR in the Arbitron PPMs.
On February 2, 2017, CBS Radio announced it would merge with Entercom. The merger was approved on November 9, 2017, and was consummated on the 17th.
The Jeep Wagoneer and the Jeep Grand Wagoneer are full-size SUVs produced by the North American division of Stellantis under the Jeep marque. Both vehicles were revealed in March 2021 for the 2022 model year. Production of the 2022 Jeep Wagoneer and Jeep Grand Wagoneer commenced in the first half of 2021 at Warren Truck Assembly.
On December 5, 2019, spy shots surfaced of FCA testing a Jeep Wagoneer using a RAM 1500 body on frame SUV; it was not known at the time if there would be a Grand Wagoneer to accompany it at this point but later confirmed that there will be a long-wheelbase companion. Due to the 2020 COVID-19 pandemic, FCA delayed the start of production by at least three months, and was expected to debut this full-size version in early 2021 as a 2022 model.
The standard Wagoneer model is equipped with rear-wheel-drive or an optional four-wheel-drive, while the Grand Wagoneer received four-wheel-drive as standard. The Quadra-Trac full-time four-wheel-drive system will also be addition to the lineup.
Both the Wagoneer and the Grand Wagoneer will be offered in three trim levels: Series I, Series II, and Series III. Another trim level, Obsidian, will only be exclusive on the Grand Wagoneer.
The fifth generation UConnect 5 infotainment suite is available in either 10.1" in the Wagoneer or 12" in the Grand Wagoneer. Both have high resolution displays. Other features include Amazon Alexa, wireless Apple CarPlay and Android Auto smartphone integration, SiriusXM Satellite Radio with 360L, SiriusXM Travel Link services, and SiriusXM-powered UConnect Guardian. An integrated virtual assistant is also available as an option.
There are two McIntosh premium audio systems available on the Wagoneer and Grand Wagoneer: a 19-speaker system with 950-watt amplifier and 10" subwoofer, and a larger 23-speaker McIntosh system with 1,375-watt amplifier and 12" subwoofer.
Stellantis' Torqueflite 8-speed automatic will be the exclusive transmission choice. It is based on the ZF 8HP transmission.
Excalibur is a 1973 Arthurian fantasy novel by American writer Sanders Anne Laubenthal. It was first published by Ballantine Books as the sixtieth volume of the Ballantine Adult Fantasy series in August, 1973, and has been reprinted a number of times since.
The novel is set in modern times against the background of the legendary Medieval Welsh colonization of Mobile, Alabama under the prince Madoc in the 12th century. The modern Pendragon, King Arthur's secret successor, must recover Arthur's famed sword Excalibur.
John Clute praised Excalibur as "a powerful fantasy which conflates the matter of Britain with an American Gothic version of Mobile, Alabama."
See guidelines for writing about novels. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.
The Bristol Belle (G-AVTL) was the name given to the first modern hot air balloon in Britain. The balloon was created from an idea developed by members of the Bristol Gliding Club in the UK. Following developments by Ed Yost in the United States, members of the Bristol Gliding Club decided to create their own hot air balloon.  Bill Malpas (chairman of the project), Mark Westwood, Giles Bulmer of the Bulmer cider making family and Don Cameron were the four project creators.
Three other members, Charles Meisl, a Czechoslovakian citizen, Tom Sage, a press photographer from London and Malcolm Brighton subsequently joined the group. Malcolm Brighton had built a number of balloons and became the main builder for the project.
In the summer of 1966, the team went to Dunstable Air Day and saw a number of attempts at a hot air balloon flight by other teams. One, built by teacher Mr. Turner and students at Bolton Technical School, succeeded with a tethered flight before breaking free unintentionally and taking its pilot some distance before the pilot escaped unhurt, but with the balloon draped over a power line. The committee of the air day prohibited any further balloon take offs that day.
The first flight of the Bristol Belle took place on 9 July 1967 from RAF Weston-on-the-Green, and was covered by the Daily Telegraph and other media. The balloon took part in some famous flights including one from HMS Ark Royal, where it was piloted by Lt Terry Adams, accompanied by Lt Howard Draper both of 849 Squadron, B Flight. This early morning launch carried mail to Malta while the Ark Royal was steaming off the southern coast of the island on 29 November 1970.
Adelphicos latifasciatum, the Oaxaca burrowing snake, is a colubrid snake described by John D. Lynch and Hobart Muir Smith in 1966.
In 2013, Lebanon was banned by FIBA in all sanctioned events after political interventions in Lebanese basketball. Therefore, Lebanon didn't participate in the 2013 FIBA Asia Championship missing the chance to qualify to the 2014 FIBA Basketball World Cup for the fourth time in a row. The ban was then removed in early 2014 after the election of a new basketball federation.
In the William Jones Cup, Lebanon finished second overall two times, in 2007 and 2010, and third once, in 2009.[citation needed]
Lebanon originally qualified for the tournament after placing second in the 2013 West Asian Basketball Championship. 
Opposition: Iraq (21 February) Venue: Nouhad Nawfal Sports Complex, Zouk Mikael Opposition: Bahrain (24 February) Venue: Nouhad Nawfal Sports Complex, Zouk Mikael
The coat of arms or national seal of Belize was adopted upon independence, and the current coat of arms is only slightly different from that used when Belize was a British colony (the Union Jack has been removed, and a Mestizo woodcutter has replaced one of the supporting Afro-Belizean woodcutters).
The circular border of the coat is formed by 25 leaves. Within the circle is a mahogany tree, in front of which is a shield tierced per pall inverted.  Within the shield are the tools of a woodcutter in the upper sections and a ship in the lower one.  These are symbolic of the importance of mahogany in the 18th- and 19th-century Belizean economy.
The Irish Women Workers' Union was a trade union which was set up at a meeting on 5 September 1911 in Dublin,  Ireland. The meeting had been organized by Delia Larkin. The union was created because other trade unions of the time excluded women workers.
The union's membership peaked at 6,000 in 1955, then continually fell until it merged into the Federated Workers' Union of Ireland in 1984.
The wolves in Wolf's Rain use illusions to give themselves a human appearance, enabling them to blend into the human world and escape detection. The wolves always retain their true nature, neither thinking nor acting as the true humans in the world do.
Mumuni Adams was a Ghanaian politician. He was the member of parliament for the Wala constituency from 1965 to 1966.
Adams was born in 1907 at Wa, the capital of the Upper West Region of Ghana. He was educated at the Wa Government School where he studied from 1917 to 1925.
The oldest part of the building dates from the 15th century in Valencian Gothic style, but was restored and turned into a sanctuary by the Society of Jesus. It is attached to the wall that surrounds the city and has two gates, a Gothic one and one from the Renaissance.
Its remarkable interior has some interesting spaces, like the Golden Gallery, made in Baroque style, and the Crown Hall.
This article about a railroad station in Punjab, Pakistan is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Gerton is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Henderson County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2010 census it had a population of 254. It is part of the Asheville Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Fire protection is provided by Gerton Fire and Rescue, which has a class 4 DOI rating.[citation needed]
Soy curls are a meat alternative created and sold by Butler Foods LLC, based in Grand Ronde, Oregon. The product is made from non-GMO soybeans that have not been sprayed with chemical pesticides. Once cooked, the curls have a unique texture and flavor, similar to that of chicken. Other comparable products are seitan and tempeh.
To prepare, the soy curls have to be first rehydrated by soaking in warm water for 10 minutes. Then they are drained, added to a skillet, seasoned, and cooked until lightly browned.
 Ben Chebet Kipruto (born 22 February 1982) is a Kenyan long-distance runner who competes professionally in marathon races. He is coached by Italian trainer Claudio Berardelli. He has a personal best time of 2:09:26 hours for the marathon distance and has won a number races in Europe, including the Italian Marathon, Florence Marathon and Maratona di Sant'Antonio in Padua.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Fidenza (Latin: Dioecesis Fidentina) in the Province of Parma, Italy, was until 1927 named the Diocese of Borgo San Donnino. It is now a suffragan of the Metropolitan Archdiocese of Modena-Nonantola, though historically it was long subject to the Archdiocese of Bologna.
The diocese has a Minor Basilica, the Basilica di San Lorenzo, in Monticelli d'Ongina; it was assigned that honor on 9 January 1942.
In 1199 a long and bloody war was in progress between Parma and Piacenza over Borgo San Donnino. Pope Innocent III rallied the bishops of Lombardy and wrote threateningly to both combatants, attempting to force them to make peace. But the Pope also asserted Church ownership of the Borgo, and claimed the right to assign its civil jurisdiction.
To provide income to support the administration of the new diocese, the Pope transferred territory from the diocese of Cremona situated south of the Po and adjacent to the diocese of Piacenza, to the diocese of Borgo San Donnino. This included Busseto, Polesine Parmense, and Monticelli d'Ogina.
In the papal consistory of 8 January 1603 Pope Clement VIII appointed the last provost, Papiro Picedi da Castel Vezzano, to be the first Bishop of Borgo San Donnino. A brief  (breve) addressed to him  on the same day informed him of his appointment, recalling that  Picedi had been a priest of the diocese of Luni-Sarzana; that he held the degree of Doctor in utroque iure; that he had been a Referendary of the Two Signatures (judge in the Roman Curia); and that he was a familiaris of the Pope.
The diocese also had three collegiate churches: Insigne de Busseto (5 Canons), Monticelli d'Ongina (4 Canons), and Pieve Ottoville (4 canons).
In 1828, Bishop Aloisio San Vitale was assigned the task and the honor of creating the new diocese of Guastalla by Pope Leo XII. The Pope also consecrated the first bishop of Bishop of Guastalla, Giovanni Tommaso Neuschel, who later became Bishop of Borgo San Donnino on Bishop San Vitale's death.
In 1885, the Cathedral Chapter consisted of four dignities (Archdeacon, Archpriest, Primicerius, and Penitentiarius) and eight Canons. The diocesan seminary was headed by a priest who was also the Vicar General of the diocese, and it had five professors and two masters; there were thirty-eight students.
During World War II, in May 1944, Fidenza was bombed, and on 2 May the Episcopal Palace was hit. There was heavy damage to the diocesan archives. On 13 May another attack destroyed the Episcopal Palace and the Seminary. On 29 January 1948, Bishop Francesco Giberti opened the drive to rebuild the Seminary.
The most famous native son of Borgo San Donnino was Cardinal Innocenzo Ciocchi del Monte, the adopted nephew of Pope Julius III.
A diocesan synod was an irregular but important meeting of the bishop of a diocese and his clergy. Its purpose was (1) to proclaim generally the various decrees already issued by the bishop; (2) to discuss and ratify measures on which the bishop chose to consult with his clergy; (3) to publish statutes and decrees of the diocesan synod, of the provincial synod, and of the Holy See.
The women's single sculls competition at the 2020 Summer Paralympics in Tokyo took place at the Sea Forest Waterway.
Health Oriented Preventive Education (HOPE) is a Pakistan NGO which provides the poor with service in the sectors of health and education, particularly focusing on women and children. Founded in July 1997, it is mainly based in Karachi, the largest city in Pakistan, and its vicinity, but is working nationwide through its offices.
For the health care services, HOPE runs several medical centers, providing primary health care services for those who cannot afford private hospitals. Some other services are also involved: nutrition support for malnourished mothers and children, distribution of water-purifying agent for the access to safe water, ante-natal care for reducing maternal mortality rate, etc.
HOPE also arranges emergency relief in the case of floods or earthquake. For example, when the 2008 Ziarat earthquake (a doublet earthquake) occurred, several relief operations were conducted by HOPE team consisted of doctors, paramedics, and social workers. HOPE provided food, proof tents, and clothes as well as medical care, and more than 6000 people were stood to benefit.
The following is a partial list of minor planets, running from minor-planet number 461001 through 462000, inclusive. The primary data for this and other partial lists is based on JPL's "Small-Body Orbital Elements" and "Data Available from the Minor Planet Center". A detailed description of the table's columns and additional sources are given on the main page including a complete list of every page in this series, and a statistical break-up on the dynamical classification of minor planets.
Also see the summary list of all named bodies in numerical and alphabetical order, and the corresponding naming citations for the number range of this particular list. Note that new namings may only be added to this list after official publication, as the preannouncement of names is condemned by the Working Group Small Body Nomenclature of the International Astronomical Union.
"Nobody Else" is a song by American singer Tyrese Gibson. It was written by Gibson along with Jake Carter, Trevor Job, Joe Sayles, and Kevin Scott for his self-titled debut studio album (1998), while production was helmed by Carter. Released as his debut with RCA Records, the single reached number 36 on the Billboard Hot 100 and number 12 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.
Here, Alice     ( A )   {\displaystyle (A)}   initiates the communication to Bob     B   {\displaystyle B}  .     S   {\displaystyle S}   is a server trusted by both parties. In the communication:
The protocol is vulnerable to a replay attack (as identified by Denning and Sacco). If an attacker uses an older, compromised value for      K  A B     {\displaystyle K_{AB}}  , he can then replay the message     {  K  A B   , A  }   K  B S       {\displaystyle \{K_{AB},A\}_{K_{BS}}}   to Bob, who will accept it, being unable to tell that the key is not fresh.
This flaw is fixed in the Kerberos protocol by the inclusion of a timestamp. It can also be fixed with the  use of nonces as described below. At the beginning of the protocol:
Here, Alice     ( A )   {\displaystyle (A)}   and Bob     ( B )   {\displaystyle (B)}   use a trusted server     ( S )   {\displaystyle (S)}   to distribute public keys on request. These keys are:
At the end of the protocol,     A   {\displaystyle A}   and     B   {\displaystyle B}   know each other's identities, and know both      N  A     {\displaystyle N_{A}}   and      N  B     {\displaystyle N_{B}}  . These nonces are not known to eavesdroppers.
This protocol is vulnerable to a man-in-the-middle attack. If an impostor     I   {\displaystyle I}   can persuade     A   {\displaystyle A}   to initiate a session with them, they can relay the messages to     B   {\displaystyle B}   and convince     B   {\displaystyle B}   that he is communicating with     A   {\displaystyle A}  .
Ignoring the traffic to and from     S   {\displaystyle S}  , which is unchanged, the attack runs as follows:
At the end of the attack,     B   {\displaystyle B}   falsely believes that     A   {\displaystyle A}   is communicating with him, and that      N  A     {\displaystyle N_{A}}   and      N  B     {\displaystyle N_{B}}   are known only to     A   {\displaystyle A}   and     B   {\displaystyle B}  .
and the intruder cannot successfully replay the message because A is expecting a message containing the identity of I whereas the message will have identity of B.
On December 18, 1856, he married Princess Atsu, adopted daughter of Shimazu Nariakira and Konoe Tadahiro. She was known as Midaidokoro Atsuko (first-wife Atsuko).
On October 21, 1857, Iesada received American ambassador Townsend Harris in an audience at Edo Castle.
Under Hotta Masayoshi's advice, Iesada ultimately signed the Harris Treaty of 1858 (the Treaty of Amity and Commerce between Japan and the United States), and subsequently other Unequal Treaties (including the Anglo-Japanese Friendship Treaty, and Anglo-Japanese Treaty of Amity and Commerce) which broke the sakoku (isolation) policy and opened Japan to foreign influences.
A widespread cholera outbreak from 1858 to 1860 is believed to have killed between 100,000 and 200,000 people in Edo alone. Iesada died childless in 1858, possibly from the cholera outbreak. His grave is at the Tokugawa clan temple of Kan'ei-ji in Ueno. His buddhist name was Onkyoin.
West of Memphis is a 2012 New Zealand-American documentary film directed and co-written by Amy J. Berg, produced by Peter Jackson and Damien Echols, and released in the US by Sony Pictures Classics to critical acclaim. It received a nomination for Best Documentary Screenplay from the Writers Guild of America.
As with the Paradise Lost film and its two sequels, West of Memphis follows the events of the West Memphis Three, a case in which three teenagers (Jessie Misskelley, Damien Echols and Jason Baldwin) were arrested for the murders of three 8-year-old children.
West of Memphis premiered at the Sundance Film Festival on January 21, 2012, at the Deauville American Film Festival on September 2, 2012, and at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 8, 2012.
Film critic Philip French of The Observer called West of Memphis "riveting", and a "shocking indictment of the American criminal justice system and a tribute to the dedication of selfless civil rights lawyers and their supporters from all over the world".
Roger Ebert of Chicago Sun-Times gave the film a perfect four star rating, writing: "Do we need a fourth film? Yes, I think we do. If you only see one of them, this is the one to choose, because it has the benefit of hindsight."
In 2012, he also won the 10,000m European Cup in Bilbao, setting a new personal best in the event. That year, he won the European 10,000 m title also. At the same European Championships, he also won the bronze medal in the 5,000 m. At the 2013 Mediterranean Games held in Mersin, Turkey, he became gold medalist in the 10,000 m event.
In 2016, he won the European 10,000 m title again, and set a new personal best in the 10000 m at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
In 2019, he competed in the men's marathon at the 2019 World Athletics Championships held in Doha, Qatar. He did not finish his race.
Fort Sullivan (briefly Fort Sherbrooke) was a 19th-century military fortification in Eastport, Maine.  It lay opposite New Brunswick, Canada, and served as an important coastal defense for the easternmost United States of America during the 19th century. As part of the establishment of New Ireland during the War of 1812,  British Commodore Sir Thomas Hardy, 1st Baronet conquered the fort in 1814 and renamed it Fort Sherbrooke  after John Coape Sherbrooke, the Governor of Nova Scotia.
In 1808, the United States Army decided to build a fort in Eastport, Massachusetts (now Maine), to protect against possible threats from Britain and other European powers then engaged in warfare.  In 1808 or 1809, Major Lemuel Trescott oversaw the construction of the garrison atop Clark's Hill in the village.  The fort contained a four-gun circular earthwork, a wooden blockhouse, and barracks.  Fort Sullivan reportedly took its name circa March 1813.
Two active battalions of the Regular Army (1-5 Inf and 2-5 Inf) perpetuate the lineage of the old 40th Infantry Regiment, which was on garrison duty at Fort Sullivan when it was captured by the British.
The Army stationed officer Nathaniel Dana in the 1st U.S. Artillery at Fort Sullivan on 15 April 1822, when and where his wife bore his son, future major general Napoleon Jackson Tecumseh Dana.
First Lieutenant George Sears Greene, who would serve as a major general in the Union Army during the American Civil War and was noted for his defense of Culp's Hill at the Battle of Gettysburg, commanded Fort Sullivan from 1831 until 1835.  Tragically, Greene's wife and three children died of tuberculosis during his assignment to Fort Sullivan. 
During American Civil War, the Army constructed earthwork batteries in the area.  Company C of the Maine Coast Guard mustered in at Eastport on 16 May 1864, stationed at Fort Sullivan, and mustered out 6 September 1865, under Captain Thomas P. Hutchinson.
In 1873, the Army ceased using and occupying Fort Sullivan.  In 1877, the government sold the property at Fort Sullivan.  The new owners moved the northernmost barracks quarters to its present location at 74 Washington Street.  Other parts of the fort collapsed over time.  Ruins of an old powder magazine still exist off McKinley Street, and are the only surviving in situ remains of the fort.
The Border Historical Society now owns and operates one of the remaining early 19th century officers quarters as the Barracks Museum, a site listed in National Register of Historic Places listings in Washington County, Maine.  Exhibits include the history of Fort Sullivan, the area sardine and ground fishing industries, local history and genealogy. The museum is open in July and August.
Minami Ishida (born 14 May 1991) is a Japanese professional footballer who plays as a defender for WE League club Nojima Stella Kanagawa Sagamihara.
This biographical article related to women's association football in Japan is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This biographical article relating to a Kazakhstani sport wrestler or wrestling coach is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Funky 4 + 1 was an American hip hop group from The Bronx, New York, composed of  Jazzy Jeff, Sharon Green, D.J. Breakout, Guy Williams, Keith Keith, The Voice of K.K. and Rodney Stone. The latter two members also performed together as the duo Double Trouble, notably in the film Wild Style. They were the first hip hop group to receive a record deal, as well as the first to perform live on national television. The group was also notable for being the first to have a woman MC, Sha-Rock.
 "That's the Joint" was interpolated from A Taste of Honey's "Rescue Me". Music critic Robert Christgau of The Village Voice named it the best song of the 1980s. In his 1981 review of the single, Christgau gave it an A rating and wrote of its musical significance:
 Funky 4 + 1 was the first hip hop group to appear on a national television show; on February 14 (Valentine's Day) 1981 they performed on Saturday Night Live hosted by Blondie's Deborah Harry.
The group was subsequently asked by Harry to open up for Blondie on tour, but were forbidden to do so by Sugarhill Records' CEO, Sylvia Robinson.
NOTE: Rahiem would later join Grandmaster Flash & the Furious Five, while Smith & Stone left in 1981 to form as a duo known as Double Trouble.
This biographical article related to Romanian team handball is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Along with writing manuscripts, Lawrence combined his civic and teaching career, composing letters on behalf of the university at Paris. His most significant letter was addressed to the pope, requesting a studium of Greek, Arabic, and Tartar be established (Jensen 1973).
After a distinguished academic and civic career, scholars assume Lawrence died of old age sometime after 1304.
To model the epistolary style to students and to complement his treatises, Lawrence wrote many letters. The letters exist in two fourteenth-century collections in manuscript form.
The men's halfpipe event in snowboarding at the 2006 Winter Olympics was held in Bardonecchia, a village in the Province of Turin, Italy. Competition took place on 12 February 2006.
The halfpipe event for men took place on 12 February 2006, both the qualification rounds and the finals taking place on that day. Forty-four snowboarders took part in the qualification, the top twelve of whom move on to the finals.
Allium roseum, commonly called rosy garlic, is an edible, Old World species of wild garlic. It is native to the Mediterranean region and nearby areas, with a natural range extending from Portugal and Morocco to Turkey and the Palestine region. It is cultivated widely, and has become naturalised in scattered locations in other regions outside its natural range.
The smell and flavour of the bulb is powerful enough to drive squirrels and browsing deer away from gardens, where they are planted as ornamental flowers. For this reason, they are suitable as companion plants to tulips and similar species.
Allium roseum was originally described and published by Carl Linnaeus in his Species Plantarum in 1753.
Numerous names have been proposed at the subspecies and varietal levels within the species, but only a few are currently accepted:
Henricus cuspis is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Carchi Province, Ecuador.
The species name refers to the sharp ventroterminal processes of the aedeagus and is derived from Greek cuspis (meaning point).
Chapman received a kidney transplant in July 2010. The actor suffers from severe hypertension and had been undergoing dialysis treatments prior to the transplant.  Due to his battle with his kidney disease, on March 31, 2010, Chapman signed on to be a spokesperson for the National Kidney Foundation.
Chapman has created his own series of YouTube videos known as "Grizz Chroniclez" featuring him in variety sketches. In 2012, he was in production with writers Sam Morgan and Chadwick Prima for his own series called The Lair, based on the comic store Chapman owns in the Bronx.
Bourjoly is a village in the Pestel commune of the Corail Arrondissement, in the Grand'Anse department of Haiti.
The Wills River is a river of the southern West Coast region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows west to reach the Haast River 10 kilometres north of the Haast Pass.
The river was named by Julius von Haast when he searched for a crossing from Otago to the West Coast. It is named for William John Wills of the Burke and Wills expedition. The nearby Burke River is named for Robert O'Hara Burke.
"Place name detail: Wills River". New Zealand Gazetteer. New Zealand Geographic Board. Retrieved 12 July 2009.
This article about a river in the West Coast, New Zealand is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
William A. Veech was the Edgar O. Lovett Professor of Mathematics at Rice University until his death.  His research concerned dynamical systems; he is particularly known for his work on interval exchange transformations, and is the namesake of the Veech surface. He died unexpectedly on August 30, 2016 in Houston, Texas.
Veech graduated from Dartmouth College in 1960, and earned his Ph.D. in 1963 from Princeton University under the supervision of Salomon Bochner.
The Veech surface and the related Veech group are named after Veech, as is the Veech dichotomy according to which geodesic flow on the Veech surface is either periodic or ergodic.
Veech played a role in the Nobel-prize-winning discovery of buckminsterfullerene in 1985 by a team of Rice University chemists including Richard Smalley. At that time, Veech was chair of the Rice mathematics department, and was asked by Smalley to identify the shape that the chemists had determined for this molecule. Veech answered, "I could explain this to you in a number of ways, but what you've got there, boys, is a soccer ball."
The Kenyan High Commissioner in London is the official representative of the Government in Nairobi to the Government of the United Kingdom.
KMFM Shepway and White Cliffs Country is an Independent Local Radio station serving the districts of Dover and Folkestone and Hythe (previously known as Shepway) and the surrounding areas in Kent, South East England. It is the South Kent region of the KMFM radio network (owned by the KM Group), containing local advertisements and sponsorships for the area amongst a countywide schedule of programming.
The station has been referred to by many names. Its official name is "KMFM Shepway and White Cliffs Country", however the website previously described it as "KMFM Dover and Folkestone", and on air it was referred to as "Shepway's KMFM".
KMFM Shepway and White Cliffs Country launched on 29 September 1997 as Neptune Radio, broadcasting on 96.4 and 106.8 FM after a month-long trial concluded earlier that same morning.
The station's roots extend to the 1970s, where it began as pirate radio station Channel Radio, which only broadcast in the Dover area. Run by Dover native Eddie Austin, who previously worked at Radio Caroline, the station was fined numerous times, but Austin maintained it until the town received its own radio licence.
The station won the UK Radio Station of the Year award twice, in 1999 and 2000, and reached approximately 30,000 listeners each week (a 24% share of the audience). After being bought by Radio Investments Ltd, its successful format was applied to its sister stations Arrow FM in Hastings and Sovereign Radio in Eastbourne. A group, spearheaded by Neptune Radio disc jockey Mark Carter, also applied for the Ashford licence under the name Ashford FM, but they did not gain the licence.
The station was purchased by the KM Group in 2001 and started programme sharing at weekends with other KM-owned stations in Kent. It was subsequently re-branded to KMFM Shepway and White Cliffs Country in 2003. The KM Group relocated the station from premises on Church Street in Dover to their Folkestone offices for the Kentish Express in Sandgate Road.
The company was reawarded the licence for the station in July 2008. In April 2009, KMFM were granted permission by Ofcom to move the studios to their building in Ashford, although the sales team remains in Folkestone. Following the arrival of the county-wide breakfast, all KMFM programming is now broadcast from Medway.
In June 2010 the Breakfast Show was presented live from the Folkestone Multi-Cultural Festival with several guests and show crew.
Like the rest of the KMFM network, the station was relaunched in September 2010 with new jingles, schedule changes and more emphasis on music.
The KMFM network switched to a contemporary hit radio format in 2012 following the merging of KMFM Extra with KMFM. The music now focuses mainly on Top 40 hits, and contains a lot more dance and R&B than before.
All programming across the KMFM network is now shared across all seven stations following OFCOM approval in February 2012. The local breakfast show, by then the only local show on the station, was replaced by a county-wide show on 12 March 2012.
News bulletins come from the KMFM News Centre in the Medway studios on the hour from 6am - 6pm on weekdays, and 8am - 1pm at weekends. National news bulletins come from Sky News Radio outside these times. Traffic and travel updates are broadcast just before the hour, and every 20 minutes between 7am - 9am and 4pm - 7pm.
"One More Time" is a song by Australian rock musician, Diesel. It was ireleased as the fifth and final single from his debut album Hepfidelity (1992). It peaked at number 59 in Australia and 39 in New Zealand. 
Giger's first success was when H. H. Kunz, co-owner of Switzerland's first poster publishing company, printed and distributed Giger's first posters, beginning in 1969.
Giger had a relationship with Swiss actress Li Tobler until she died by suicide in 1975. Tobler's image appears in many of his paintings. He married Mia Bonzanigo in 1979; they divorced a year and a half later.
Giger started with small ink drawings before progressing to oil paintings. For most of his career, he worked predominantly in airbrush, creating monochromatic canvasses depicting surreal, nightmarish dreamscapes. He also worked with pastels, markers and ink.
Giger directed a number of films, including Swiss Made (1968), Tagtraum (1973), Giger's Necronomicon (1975) and Giger's Alien (1979).
Giger created furniture designs, particularly the Harkonnen Capo Chair for a film of the novel Dune that was to be directed by Alejandro Jodorowsky. Many years later, David Lynch directed the film, using only rough concepts by Giger. Giger had wished to work with Lynch, as he stated in one of his books that Lynch's film Eraserhead was closer than even Giger's own films to realizing his vision.
Giger's art has greatly influenced tattooists and fetishists worldwide. Under a licensing deal Ibanez guitars released an H. R. Giger signature series: the Ibanez ICHRG2, an Ibanez Iceman, features "NY City VI", the Ibanez RGTHRG1 has "NY City XI" printed on it, the S Series SHRG1Z has a metal-coated engraving of "Biomechanical Matrix" on it, and a 4-string SRX bass, SRXHRG1, has "N.Y. City X" on it.
Giger is often referred to in popular culture, especially in science fiction and cyberpunk. William Gibson (who wrote an early script for Alien 3) seems particularly fascinated: A minor character in Virtual Light, Lowell, is described as having New York XXIV tattooed across his back, and in Idoru a secondary character, Yamazaki, describes the buildings of nanotech Japan as Giger-esque.[citation needed]
In addition to his awards, Giger was recognized by a variety of festivals and institutions. On the one year anniversary of his death, the Museum of Arts and Design in New York City staged the series The Unseen Cinema of HR Giger in May 2015.
Dark Star: H. R. Giger's World, a biographical documentary by Belinda Sallin, debuted 27 September 2014 in Zurich, Switzerland.
The following is a list of Polish generals, that is the people who held the rank of general, as well as those who acted as de facto generals by commanding a division or brigade.
Note that until the Partitions of Poland of late 18th century the rank of general as such was mostly (though not exclusively) reserved for commanders of artillery, while large tactical units (equivalent of divisions) were usually commanded by hetmans and voivodes.
The union was founded in 1978, when the Danish Clothing Workers' Union merged with the Danish Textile Workers' Union.  Like its predecessors, the union affiliated to the Danish Confederation of Trade Unions (LO).  In 1983, it absorbed the Danish Shoemakers' Union.  By 1996, the union had 17,229 members, of whom 76% were women.  At the end of 1997, it merged into the Danish General Workers' Union.
Hosty v. Carter was a 2005 decision by the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit that limited the free press rights of college newspapers.
In October 2000, the editor of Governors State University's student newspaper, The Innovator, was told by Dean Patricia Carter to hold future issues until they were approved of by a school administrator, because it had published stories and editorials critical of the administration. This was done despite a policy stating that student newspaper staff would "determine content and format of their respective publications without censorship or advance approval."
Journalists Margaret Hosty, Jeni Porche, and Steven Barba filed suit against the University and Dean Carter in January 2001. A federal district court allowed the case to go forward in November 2001. The school appealed in early 2002.
The court of appeals held that college newspapers could be subject to the same amount of school control allowed under Hazelwood v. Kuhlmeier (1988) for high school newspapers.
The revolutionary ideologies dedicated to the overthrow of Porfirio Diaz were often detailed in newspapers written by revolutionary journalists who sometimes wrote under pseudonyms. Many of these journalists were women who incorporated feminist ideals into their revolutionary rhetoric. Included in these feminist revolutionary journalists were Juana Gutierrez, Dolores Jimenez y Muro, Elisa Acufia y Rosette, and Ines Malvaez.
Juana Gutierrez, Dolores Jimenez y Muro, Elisa Acufia y Rosette, and Ines Malvaez were eventually jailed by the Porfiriato for their revolutionary writings and activism. It was during their time in jail that these feminists joined together united by their similar beliefs and passion for activism and founded Hijas de Cuauhtemoc.
The organization was known for collecting 1,000 signatures that called for Porfirio Diaz to step down and for the Mexican government to hold a truly free election.
They are also known to have been a part of a peaceful demonstration during which protesters placed flowers on the graves of those who had died during the often violent revolutionary struggle for independence. Many of these peaceful protesters were arrested
This biographical article related to a Malaysian swimmer is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Matthew Chou Bowman (born May 31, 1991) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the New York Yankees organization.  He previously played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the St. Louis Cardinals and Cincinnati Reds.
Bowman attended St. Albans School in Washington, D.C. As a senior he was All-Met Player of the Year and All-Conference as a shortstop and right-handed pitcher, and had a 0.70 ERA as a pitcher and a .419 average as a batter.
On November 2, 2018, Bowman was claimed off waivers by the Cincinnati Reds. He began the 2019 season with the Louisville Bats, and was promoted to the Reds in May. Bowman underwent Tommy John surgery in mid-September 2020. On October 14, 2020, Bowman was outrighted off of the roster. Bowman elected free agency two days later on a October 16.
On December 14, 2020, Bowman signed a two-year minor league contract with the New York Yankees organization.
In 2012, Idling published his debut novel, Song for an Approaching Storm, to critical acclaim. The book was nominated for the August Prize, the Dublin Literary Award and is being translated into seven languages.
His third book, the novel Julia & Paul, was published in 2017. It was followed a year later by 17 April 1975. A Cambodian Journey, written together with the Italian photographer Giovanna Silva.
A further spot was available through relegation/promotion play-offs, which was eventually taken by 16th placed 2nd Bundesliga team FC Hansa Rostock after losing on aggregate score against FC Ingolstadt 04.
The following players were nominated as the 3. Liga Player of the season, with Alexander Esswein announced as the winner on 3 June after a public vote.
Effler is a community in McDowell County, West Virginia, United States. Effler was incorporated into the town of Anawalt.
This article about a location in McDowell County, West Virginia is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Laura Ruohonen (born October 9, 1960, in Helsinki, Finland) is a Finnish playwright and theatre director. She works also as Professor of Dramaturgy in Theatre Academy of Finland.
Pottymouth is the debut studio album by the American punk rock band Bratmobile, released on June 8, 1993 by Kill Rock Stars.
AllMusic reviewer Stewart Mason felt that Pottymouth "is about the early-'90s indie scene, about the D.I.Y. life in the post-Nirvana age where it seemed like anything could happen." Prominent music critic Robert Christgau of The Village Voice praised the songs "Throwaway" and "No You Don't". In January 1994, Spin placed Pottymouth in its list of 10 Best Albums of the Year You Didn't Hear.
Ira Robbins wrote approvingly in Trouser Press: "Mustering 17 songs (including a relatively protracted bash at the Runaways' seminal "Cherry Bomb") in under a half-hour, the album is like a slap in the face: it's over before you realize what you're feeling but its sting lasts a good long while."
Davis was born in Montgomery, Alabama, on February 10, 1889, into a family of limited means. His father was a policeman. He claimed to be a relative of Cecil Rhodes on his mother's side and of Jefferson Davis on his father's side, assertions which remain unproven. He held menial positions on railroad trains and eventually became a locomotive engineer.
He was involved in many legal battles in the course of his career. In one instance, a British judge called him "an unscrupulous and ruthless financier" and said "I do not accept him as a witness of truth."
During the 1940 U.S. elections, Davis used funds provided by the German government to contribute approximately $160,000 to a Pennsylvania Democratic organization to help defeat Sen. Joseph Guffey, a Democrat and a prominent critic of Germany, and to bribe the Pennsylvania delegation to the 1940 Democratic National Convention to vote against Roosevelt, moves which both failed.  The German government allocated $5 million, stored at the German embassy, to support Davis's efforts.
On December 31, 1940, in reaction to Davis's role in forming and financing the No Foreign Wars Committee, U.S. Senator Josh Lee (D-OK) said Davis' support of the new group represented "the diabolically cunning betrayal of the American people." He continued:
The record of this man Davis shows conclusively the great financial stake he has in a complete Nazi victory in the European war. Much of the gasoline sending showers of fiery death into the defenseless heart of London was sold to the German government by this man Davis.... He is still trying to promote a phony peace through the White House to pull Nazi Germany's chestnuts out of the fire.... The No Foreign Wars Committee is a timely object lesson in the technique of all Nazi infiltration.
Davis asserted his loyalty to the United States and said he hoped a negotiated peace could end the war. He distanced himself from Marshall and the No Foreign War Committee while expressing sympathy for its aims. He asked Sen. Burton Wheeler, a prominent isolationist, to call him before a Senate committee so he could defend himself against "an organized nation-wide campaign ... by financial and  competitive interests".
On January 7, he was subpoenaed to testify before a Washington, DC, grand jury investigating campaign expenditures  for violations of the Hatch and the Corrupt Practices Acts during the 1940 presidential campaign. The same day, Wheeler scheduled Davis to testify before the Senate Interstate Commerce Subcommittee about the "peace place" described by Marshall. Davis testified before the grand jury on January 9.
In mid-1941, Josephus Daniels, who as U.S. Ambassador to Mexico had firsthand knowledge of his Davis' business and political dealings, was quoted describing how Davis was viewed when he first began trading Mexican oil:
Some people regarded Davis as a profiteer; others as a man who would furnish needed markets for Mexican oil; and others as a ... Nazi agent or as a crook. In reality, he was a composite of each of these descriptions.
A document in the papers of British Security Coordination, the British intelligence center headquartered in New York City, records that Davis was involved in a scheme to provide fuel in support of Nazi Germany's attacks on Atlantic shipping and that "The swiftest way to put a stop to this scheme was to remove Davis from the scene." Davis' biographer assesses the motives and opportunities of all who would have benefited from Davis' death and concludes that he likely died of heart problems.
Davis died of a heart attack in Houston, Texas, on August 2, 1941. At the time, Davis was the head or principal of approximately 20 companies headquartered in New York City, with holdings and operations in several states of the United States and several other countries, including Mexico and Sweden.
A few years after his death, Davis was named in Assistant U.S. Attorney General O. John Rogge's Nazi Report. It identified him as Abwehr agent C-80, not a spy but an "agent of influence" whose activities were financed with the personal approval of Hitler, and who in that role supplied petroleum to Nazi Germany and helped Germany try to influence U.S. politics.
The United States government released captured Nazi government documents in 1957 showing how Davis funneled Nazi funds into the 1940 U.S. elections.
In 1909, Davis had a son, William Rhodes, Jr., by May Tankin. Their marriage has not been documented. William Rhodes, Jr., died in an airplane crash in Nicaragua in 1933 while exploring for oil. Davis married Pearl Peters in 1921 and they had two sons, Joseph Graham Davis and Currie Boyd Davis. Davis later divorced Peters and married Marie M. Tomkunas.
Joseph Graham Davis married Doris Meyer on November 29, 1941. Their eldest child, Joseph Graham "Gray" Davis, Jr., was Governor of California from 1999 to 2003.
The Cuban chimaera (Chimaera cubana) is a species of fish in the family Chimaeridae. It is found in Colombia, Cuba, and Puerto Rico. Its natural habitat is open seas. It is threatened by habitat loss.
On 28 December 2016, Aleksandrov signed with Montana for 6 months plus another year as club's option. On 29 December 2017, his contract was terminated by mutual consent.
This biographical article related to association football in Bulgaria, about a goalkeeper, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Considering the benandanti to be "a fertility cult", Ginzburg draws parallels with similar visionary traditions found throughout the Alps and also from the Baltic, such as that of the Livonian werewolf, and also to the widespread folklore surrounding the Wild Hunt. He furthermore argues that these Late Medieval and Early Modern accounts represent surviving remnants of a pan-European, pre-Christian shamanistic belief concerning the fertility of the crops.
In the Archepiscopal Archives of Udine, Ginzburg came across the 16th and 17th century trial records which documented the interrogation of several benandanti and other folk magicians. Historian John Martin of Trinity University in San Antonio, Texas would later characterize this lucky find as the sort of "discovery most historians only dream of."
The Night Battles is divided into four chapters, preceded by a preface written by Ginzburg, in which he discusses the various scholarly approaches that have been taken to studying Early Modern witchcraft, including the rationalist interpretation that emerged in the 18th century and the Witch-cult hypothesis presented by Margaret Murray. He proceeds to offer an introduction to the benandanti, and then thanks those who have helped him in producing his study.
"I am a benandante because I go with the others to fight four times a year, that is during the Ember Days, at night; I go invisibly in spirit and the body remains behind; we go forth in the service of Christ, and the witches of the devil; we fight each other, we with bundles of fennel and they with sorghum stalks."
Ginzburg then makes comparisons between the benandanti and the Perchtenlaufen, an Alpine ceremony in which two masked groups of peasants battled one another with sticks, one dressed to appear ugly and the other to appear beautiful. Debating as to whether the traditions surrounding the processions of the dead originated in Germanic or Slavic Europe, Ginzburg then goes on to discuss the significance of the caul in benandanti belief.
In Ginzburg's analysis, the benandanti were a "fertility cult" whose members were "defenders of harvests and the fertility of fields." He noted that by the time of the records of the benandanti that were produced in the late 16th and early 17th centuries, the tradition was still an "actual living cult" rather than some "fossilized superstition" from preceding centuries.
In his original Italian preface, Ginzburg noted that historians of Early Modern witchcraft had become "accustomed" to viewing the confessions of accused witches as being "the consequences of torture and of suggestive questioning by the judges".
Ginzburg's interpretation of the benandanti tradition would be adopted by a variety of scholars based in continental Europe. It was supported by Eliade. Although the book attracted the attention of many historians studying Early Modern witchcraft beliefs, it was largely ignored by scholars studying shamanism.
The R-46 was an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) design by the Soviet Union during the Cold War.
The R-46 concept was to launch a very large hydrogen bomb into orbit as a fractional orbital bombardment system (FOBS).  The existence of the system was alluded to in a speech by then Soviet Premier Nikita Khrushchev in 1961.  The design was not developed, however, and the FOBS concept was abandoned as part of SALT II.
These educators knew their observations and understandings would be strengthened through quantitative research. Accordingly, in 1988 and 1990, two different yet related studies were undertaken:
Strengthened by their new data, the CGBS and CGDS leadership realized there was great power in collective action. In November 1991, the steering committees of both organizations met and agreed to merge. Fifty-six independent and religiously-affiliated schools officially came together to form the National Coalition of Girls' Schools. Its first collective undertaking: a comprehensive campaign to heighten the visibility and document the value of the girls' school experience.
Margaret "Meg" Moulton and Whitney "Whitty" Ransome, who had been serving as the Executive Directors of the Coalition of Girls' Boarding Schools since 1989, were asked to stay on as the founding Executive Directors of NCGS.
In the proceeding years, collaboration replaced competition. Research supported belief. The climate and conversation shifted. Moulton and Ransome's collaborative leadership and relentless advocacy on behalf of girls' schools helped set NCGS on the path to success.
As NCGS approached its 10th anniversary, girls' schools continued to experience growth and strength. Enrollment at girls' schools was up nearly 40% since 1991, and nearly 70% of NCGS member schools were at full capacity. NCGS continued to expand its membership, advocate for girl-centered education in the media, and provide girls' schools around the world with quality professional development and networking opportunities.
The Coalition continues to provide and expand its robust resources and opportunities in the areas of research, professional development, advocacy, and networking.
The National Coalition of Girls' Schools serves over 250 national and international Pre-K through 12th-grade girls' schools (independent, public, charter, and religiously-affiliated).
Achnopogon is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family, Asteraceae described as a genus in 1957.
Star Strike is a single-player video game, released by Mattel for its Intellivision video game system in 1981. The Intellivision's best-selling game in 1982, with over 800,000 copies sold, Star Strike was inspired by the attack on the Death Star in the 1977 film Star Wars. The player must drop bombs on alien weapons silos before Earth moves into range.
The game's scoring takes the form of a countdown timer. Starting at 8000 points, the timer counts down to zero, at which point Earth is in range of the enemy weapon. When the player destroys the fifth silo, the alien vessel is destroyed and the timer stops, thus representing the player's score for that game. Points are added to the timer for each destroyed alien fighter, giving the player additional time to complete the mission.
At higher difficulty levels, each silo must be hit on its first pass. One game variation starts with zero score and points awarded for each silo and alien fighter destroyed; any missed silo ends the game.
Star Strike is included in the Intellivision Lives! collection for computers and other video game consoles, like the PlayStation 2 and GameCube. In June 2010, Star Strike was made available on Microsoft's Game Room service for its Xbox 360 console and for Games for Windows Live.
James Arthur Renwick is a New Zealand weather and climate researcher. He is professor of physical geography at Victoria University of Wellington, specialising in large-scale climate variations. He was awarded the 2018 New Zealand Prime Minister's Science Prize for Communication by Jacinda Ardern.
Renwick was a Lead Author for the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) Fourth and Fifth Assessment Reports, as well as a Co-ordinating Lead Author for the IPCC's Sixth Assessment Report.
He is a well-known science communicator in New Zealand. The citation for his 2018 Prime Minister's Science Prize for Communication stated that he "communicates with warmth, humour and positivity, while always being clear about the seriousness of the issue".  He communicates climate science in the context of art through an initiative called Track Zero.
The station consists of two opposed ground level side platforms. The station is built on a hill, with the tracks reached via stairs underneath. The station is unattended.
In fiscal 2015, the station was used by an average of 1,131 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).
The American Numismatic Association held their annual "World's Fair of Money" here in 1991, 1999, 2011, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2019, 2021 and 2022.
This article about a building or structure in Illinois is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Oliver Appropriate is the eighth studio album by American rock band Say Anything released on January 25, 2019 via Dine Alone Records. The album is a concept album and purported sequel to the band's second full-length album, ...Is a Real Boy, which follows the narrator of said album and his struggles with sexuality.
Oliver Appropriate received generally favorable reviews according to Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out reviews from mainstream publications. In a four-star review from Sarah Jamieson with DIY Magazine she said that "the band yet again manage to navigate the realms of pointedly apt social commentary with a razor sharp wit." She also said the album was a more intimate journey than "...Is a Real Boy" and that it is "flecked with tales of weakness and failure, beauty and humour."
He came from a well to do titled family and finished high school at Budapest Reformed Gimnazium.  He finished studies at Keszthely Academy, earning a degree in agriculture. Following his father's death he looked after the family property in 1930.
He married in 1941, held a civil post and served for a short term in the army. He returned to public life in 1945 when the Smallholders Party was reformed.
He later became the director of the National Library of Agriculture and vice president of Parliament. During the Hungarian Revolution of 1956 he was a member of the Interim National Assembly.
Monastery of Our Lady of Charity is a historic church monastery at 1900 Montana in San Antonio, Texas.
This article about a property in Texas on the National Register of Historic Places is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about a building or structure in Texas is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Thula is one of five towns in Yemen on the UNESCO World Heritage Tentative List. Dating to the Himyarite period, the town is very well preserved and includes traditional houses and mosques. Archaeological investigation discovered Sabaean period ruins with massive stone architecture beneath the Himyarite. Restoration between 2004 and 2011, restored the Bab al Mayah gate, several watch towers, paths, the traditional cistern, and other portions of the Sabaean fort.
This site was added to the UNESCO World Heritage Tentative List on July 8, 2002, in the Cultural category.
Nawton railway station was a minor station serving the village of Nawton, North Yorkshire, England on the former Gilling and Pickering (G&P) line.
It opened on 1 January 1874, and closed in 1964.  Although the regular passenger service (and the track east from Kirbymoorside to Pickering) ceased in 1953, the station remained open for regular freight services and occasional special passenger trains until 1964.
Following closure, the former buildings served as the local fish and chip shop (in the weigh-bridge office), the blacksmiths shop, and more recently, the post office. Now known as Station House, it is a private residence.
This article on a railway station in Yorkshire and the Humber is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Chen represented her nation at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics in Welterweight category and reached the Quarter-Finals. On 30th July 2021, she lost to Lovlina Borgohain of India and failed to ensure a medal.
This biographical article related to Taiwanese boxing is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Treyer is a last name of German origin. Other forms of the name are "Dreier" and "Dreyer". The Pennsylvania German form of it is "Troyer". Hans Treyer, an early Anabaptist leader, died as a martyr of his faith in Bern in 1529.
Bianco, rosso e Verdone[a] is an 1981 Italian comedy film directed and starred by Carlo Verdone, playing three characters.
It was produced by Sergio Leone, soundtrack composed by Ennio Morricone and guest starred by Mario Brega, all formerly scored in the Dollars trilogy and Spaghetti Western movies in the 1960s.
This is a list of UNIVAC products. It ends in 1986, the year that Sperry Corporation merged with Burroughs Corporation to form Unisys as a result of a hostile takeover bid launched by Burrough's CEO W. Michael Blumenthal.[circular reference].
The city was known as Dniprodzerzhynsk from 1936 to 2016. On 19 May 2016, it was renamed back to its historical name of Kamianske. Along with the city's name change, the city's hydroelectric station was renamed to Middle Dnieper Hydroelectric Power Plant.
Besides the hydroelectric station, the city houses a few other industrial enterprises: Prydniprovsky Chemical Plant (closed down), Bahley Coke Factory and Dnieper Metallurgical Combine.
On 15 May 2015 the President of Ukraine Petro Poroshenko signed a bill into law that started a six-month period for the  removal of communist monuments and the mandatory renaming of settlements with names related to Communism.
On 19 May 2016, the Ukrainian Verkhovna Rada voted to rename a number of populated places in Ukraine including the city of Dniprodzerzhynsk, which reverted to using the name Kamianske.
Until 18 July 2020, Kamianske was incorporated as a city of oblast significance and the center of Kamianske Municipality. The municipality was abolished in July 2020 as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine, which reduced the number of raions of Dnipropetrovsk Oblast to seven. The area of Kamianske Municipality was merged into the newly established Kamianske Raion.
On 11 August 1979 two Aeroflot planes collided over the Central Ukraine, killing all 178 people on both planes.
While mostly located on right bank of Dnieper, Kamianske stretches over the hydroelectric station onto the left bank where the portion of city is known as "Livyi bereh" neighborhood (literally Left bank). The neighborhood arches to the west of the Kamianske's suburb of Kurylivka.
Several Eastern Orthodox churches, the largest being the Orthodox Cathedral of Saint Nicholas, which dates from 1894, serve the faithful of the city. By 2018, there were 22 parishes of Ukrainian Orthodox Church in Kamianske.
The Roman Catholic Church of Saint Nicholas built by the city's Polish community at the end of the nineteenth century, has become one of the centers of Roman Catholicism in Eastern Ukraine. The Catholic Parish of Saint Nicholas also includes a monastery run by the Order of Friars Minor Capuchin.
Kamianske is a city with a very difficult environmental conditions. The city is on the top 10 of the most air-polluted cities of Ukraine. There have been suggestions to assign the status of the ecological disaster city. Right-bank part of the city is mostly polluted, where the metallurgical, chemical industrial enterprises are located.
This biographical article about a Japanese voice actor is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The AFC U-23 Asian Cup, previously the AFC U-22 Championship (in 2013) and AFC U-23 Championship (between 2016 and 2020), is an international football tournament held by the Asian Football Confederation (AFC). The first edition was initially set to be held in 2013 and its qualification matches in 2012, but the finals tournament was postponed to be played in January 2014 due to the 2013 EAFF East Asian Cup.
The tournament is held every two years. The Olympic year tournaments, such in 2016 and 2020, are doubled as the Olympic's AFC qualifiers, from which the top 3 teams qualified to its football tournament. The 2016 edition took place in January 2016. The tournament was also renamed from the "AFC U-22 Championship" to the "AFC U-23 Championship".
In addition, players would be ineligible for participating in the AFC U-17 Asian Cup if they participated in a higher age group competition (this tournament or the AFC U-20 Asian Cup), though in reality it is rarely enforced.
Non-Chalcedonian Christianity comprises the branches of Christianity that do not accept theological resolutions of the Council of Chalcedon, the Fourth Ecumenical Council, held in 451. Non-Chalcedonian denominations reject the Christological Definition of Chalcedon, for varying reasons. Non-Chalcedonian Christianity thus stands in contrast to Chalcedonian Christianity.
The most substantial non-Chalcedonian tradition is known as Oriental Orthodoxy. Within this tradition are a number of ancient Christian churches including the Coptic Orthodox Church of Alexandria, the Syriac Orthodox Church (sometimes referred to as "Jacobite"), the Armenian Apostolic Church, the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church, the Eritrean Orthodox Tewahedo Church and the Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church.
The Christology of the Church of the East (i.e., Nestorian Christianity) may be called "non-Ephesine" for not accepting the Council of Ephesus, but did finally gather to ratify the Council of Chalcedon at the Synod of Mar Aba I in 544.
In India and to a lesser degree in Persia, the schism that occurred was between the Oriental Orthodox and the Assyrian Church of the East. Even today in Kerala, there is a continuing presence of both the Assyrian Church of the East and the Syriac Orthodox Church along with an independent Oriental Orthodox Church called the Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church.
In the 18th century and onwards, Nontrinitarian and Unitarian Christians are necessarily non-Chalcedonian having their own separate traditions, different nontrinitarian theologies, and polities. The largest such groups are The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (Latter-day Saint movement), Jehovah's Witnesses and the Iglesia ni Cristo.
Dittemore was born in Indianapolis to Mary E. Cress Dittemore and John W. Dittemore. He attended Ohio Military Institute and Phillips Academy Andover. After graduating he became president of the Federal Packing Company and vice-president of the Van Camp Packing Company.
On April 29, 1919, about six weeks after his dismissal, Dittemore sued the church to be reinstated; and although he was not successful, litigation went on for some time. After failing twice in court, he set up his own organization which he later called an "opposition movement, opposed to the Cause of Christian Science, [and] to Mrs. Eddy and her teachings."
In 1932, Dittemore wrote his own biography of Eddy and history of the church, Mary Baker Eddy: The Truth and the Tradition, with Ernest Sutherland Bates, a teacher of English and philosophy at Oberlin College; a collaborate suggested by Allen Johnson, Professor of American History at Yale University.
On March 23, 1937, shortly before his death, Dittemore wrote a letter to the Board of Directors of the Mother Church expressing repentance for his actions:
As the result of experience over a period of years and a great deal of serious study devoted to the science of government, I have come to the humble conclusion that I made a great mistake in allowing personal differences of opinion and the feelings that developed therefrom, to influence me to the extent which they evidently did after Mrs. Eddy passed on.
We were all greatly affected by her demise and held divergent views regarding the policies to be pursued when she was no longer here to direct us. And while I acted upon convictions which I regarded as right at the time, I have since been led to see, and am anxious to go on record as admitting it, that I was wrong in letting personal opinion and matters of policy induce me to depart from Principle.
I recognize and revere her as having restored to humanity primitive Christian healing and acknowledge The First Church of Christ, Scientist, in Boston, Mass., as the first church in history to stand for the spiritual and the scientific significance of the life of Christ.
I am happy to forward you this letter to use as you may see fit and to sincerely announce as my fervent desire that the Cause which you represent may continue to grow and prosper under your direction.
Dittemore married Edith L. Bingham in 1898, who later divorced him. He was survived by his one daughter, Louise, and a grandson.
Brookland is a city in Craighead County, Arkansas, United States. The population was 1,642 at the 2010 census. It is included in the Jonesboro, Arkansas Metropolitan Statistical Area.
As of the census of 2000, there were 1,332 people, 499 households, and 384 families residing in the town.  The population density was 1,220.1 inhabitants per square mile (471.8/km2).  There were 537 housing units at an average density of 491.9 per square mile (190.2/km2).  The racial makeup of the town was 97.52% White, 0.68% Black or African American, 0.38% Native American, 0.68% from other races, and 0.75% from two or more races.  1.05% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 499 households, out of which 43.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.3% were married couples living together, 14.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.0% were non-families. 19.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 3.07.
In the town the population was spread out, with 29.7% under the age of 18, 9.2% from 18 to 24, 31.8% from 25 to 44, 17.6% from 45 to 64, and 11.6% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.2 males.
The median income for a household in the town was $33,125, and the median income for a family was $37,500. Males had a median income of $27,471 versus $18,864 for females. The per capita income for the town was $13,744.  About 7.0% of families and 11.1% of the population were below the poverty line, including 17.4% of those under age 18 and 18.7% of those age 65 or over.
Ambositra is the capital of the Amoron'i Mania region, and of Ambositra District. It is the centre of Madagascar's' wood-carving industry due to the presence of the Zafimaniry tribe, a subgroup of the Betsileo tribe. There are many shops selling wooden boxes, chessboards and figurines.
The Diocese of Ambositra is seated in the town (Cathedral of the Immaculate Heart of Mary), led by Bishop Fidelis Rakotonarivo.
On this matter he called for a "gesunden Volksegoismus" (a healthy Volk-egoism), which quickly became a buzzword for his opponent Robert Blum and was also developed into the "national egoism" advocated by the Polish nationalist Roman Dmowski. Jordan was also on the Marinerat in the Reichshandelsministerium (Reich trade ministry) and worked on building a national fleet.
After his retirement, he went on many lecture tours, popularising the Nibelungenlied among other things - one of these took him to the US in 1871. On his eightieth birthday his birthplace of Insterburg made him an honorary citizen.
His literary works are rooted in 19th-century historicism and profoundly influenced by Ludwig Klages and his school friend Theodor Lessing. His plays, poems and novels are dominated by philosophical and scientific ideas. His main work was his Nibelungen-Epos, written in Stabreim (alliterative verse) - in it, he used the Old Norse saga of the same name and the Lay of Hildebrand as his main sources but subjected the action to a time-related psychological interpretation.
Gangs in the United States include several types of groups, including national street gangs, local street gangs, prison gangs, motorcycle clubs, and ethnic and organized crime gangs. Approximately 1.4 million people were part of gangs as of 2011, and more than 33,000 gangs were active in the United States.
Many American gangs began, and still exist, in urban areas. In many cases, national street gangs originated in major cities such as New York City (Bronx), Detroit and Chicago but they later grew in other American cities like Albuquerque and Washington, D.C.
The earliest American street gangs emerged at the end of the American Revolutionary War in the early 1780s. However, these early street gangs had questionable legitimacy, and more serious gangs did not form until at least the early 1800s. The earliest of these serious gangs formed in northeastern American cities, particularly in New York.
By the 1990s, Northeastern gangs (white, black, and Latino) had come into conflict as a result of urban renewal and ethnic migration. The Northeast had more than 17,000 gang members and more than 600 gangs in 2008, and Pennsylvania saw heavy growth of gang activity. During the 2000s, the most active gangs in the region were federations of the Crips, the Latin Kings, MS-13 (Mara Salvatrucha), Neta, and the Bloods.
In 2009, David Kennedy, director of the Center for Crime Prevention and Control at John Jay College of Criminal Justice of the City University of New York, said that a lot of violence in inner cities in the United States is mislabeled as "gang violence" when in fact it involves small, informal cliques of people.
As gang members and factions continued to grow, the introduction of cheap crack cocaine to American cities would prove fatal. Crack money now could be used to purchase unprecedented amounts of weaponry, and as newly armed gang members began to fight over 'turf', or the territory in which gangs would run their lucrative drug-trades, violence soared, as the FBI's national data of gang-related homicides show: from 288 in 1985 up to 1,362 in 1993.
The targeted killing of the 9-year-old Tyshawn Lee, the son of a Chicago gang member who was lured into an alley and shot in 2015 marked a new low in gang violence, associated with the splintering of gangs into less organized factions often motivated by personal vendettas.
As of 2011,[update] the National Gang Intelligence Center found that American gangs were found to be responsible for "an average of 48% of violent crime in most jurisdictions and up to 90% in several others". Major urban areas and their suburban surroundings experience the majority of gang activity, particularly gang-related violent crime.
Gangs are known to engage in traditionally gang-related gambling, drug trafficking, and arms trafficking, white collar crime such as counterfeiting, identity theft, and fraud, and non-traditional activity of human trafficking and prostitution.
Gangs can be categorized based on their ethnic affiliation, their structure, or their membership. Among the gang types defined by the National Gang Intelligence Center are the national street gang, the prison gang, the motorcycle gang, and the local street gang.
American prison gangs, like most street gangs, are formed for protection against other gangs. The goal of many street gang members is to gain the respect and protection that comes from being in a prison gang. Prison gangs use street gangs members as their power base for which they recruit new members. For many members, reaching prison gang status shows the ultimate commitment to the gang.
Some prison gangs are transplanted from the street, and in some occasions, prison gangs "outgrow" the penitentiary and engage in criminal activities on the outside. Many prison gangs are racially oriented. Gang umbrella organizations like the Folk Nation and People Nation have originated in prisons.
There has been a long running racial tension between black and Hispanic prison gangs, as well as significant prison riots in which gangs have targeted each other.[citation needed]
In 1999, Hispanic Americans accounted for 47% of all U.S. gang members, African Americans for 34%, non-Hispanic whites for 13%, and Asians for 6%.
Law enforcement agencies reported in 2011 that gangs affiliated with ethnicity and non-traditional gangs had expanded in the years prior.
The largest Dominican gang, Trinitarios, is the fastest-growing Caribbean gang. Although a prison gang, the Trinitarios have members operating as a street gang, and it is known for violent crime and drug trafficking in the New York and New Jersey area.
Among other ethnic-based gangs are Asian gangs, which operate similar to Asian organized crime groups with a hierarchical structure and little concern for control of territory. Asian gangs often victimize Asian populations, and law enforcement faces difficulty investigating Asian gangs due to language barriers and distrust among the Asian population. Asian gangs engage in a variety of crime, including violent crime, drug and human trafficking, and white collar crime.
Middle-Eastern gangs operate in some cities, such as the Kurdish Pride Gang (KPG), a street gang that formed in 2000 in Nashville. The gang was involved with drug dealing, home burglaries (including two involving rapes), assault and attempted murder. Two members are serving long prison sentences for the attempted murder of a police officer.
Although female gang membership is less common than male membership, women and girls can become fully-fledged members of mixed-gender or exclusively female gangs. These gangs operate as functioning units, coed gangs, or female auxiliaries to pre-existing male gangs.  National gang statistics show that 2% of all gangs are female-only, and the National Gang Center reports that around 10% of all gang members are females.
Gang members in uniform use their military knowledge, skills, and weapons to commit and facilitate various crimes.
In the final, three contestants, Shante "Princess" Warren, Elizabeth Saab, and Chris Cortez, were allowed to bring back former teammates to help design a window display. Hilfiger chose Cortez as the winner.
This article relating to reality television in the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Katherine Mary Taylor (born 1962) is a French-born Canadian critic and novelist, a cultural journalist at The Globe and Mail newspaper. She is author of three novels, Mme Proust and the Kosher Kitchen, A Man in Uniform and Serial Monogamy.
Taylor's second novel, A Man in Uniform, is a fictional detective story set in Paris at the end of the 19th century and based on the actual Dreyfus Affair. It was published in August, 2010 by Doubleday Canada  and by Crown Publishing in the United States in January, 2011.
Zumbenti Festival is an annual festival celebrated by the chiefs and people of Kaleo in the Nadowli district in the Upper West Region of Ghana. It is usually celebrated in the month of April. Others also claim it is celebrated in May.
During the festival, visitors are welcomed to share food and drinks. The people put on traditional clothes and there is durbar of chiefs. There is also dancing and drumming.
This festival is celebrated to give thanks to their ancestral gods, cleansing of the land of evil spirits and pacification of gods and re-uniting of families. It is also considered the favorable time to contract marriages.
Michael Svoboda (born 15 October 1998) is an Austrian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Serie A club Venezia.
This biographical article related to association football in Austria, about a defender, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Ching Oi is one of the 25 constituencies in the Wong Tai Sin District in Hong Kong. The constituency returns one district councillor to the Wong Tai Sin District Council, with an election every four years.
The Cornish Nationalist Party (CNP; Cornish: An Parti Kenethlegek Kernow) is a political party, founded by Dr James Whetter, who campaigned for independence for Cornwall. It was formed by people who left Cornwall's main nationalist party Mebyon Kernow on 28 May 1975, but it is no longer for independence.
The Policy Statement and Programme of the CNP were published in 1975 and included the following points:
The CNP polled 227 (0.4) votes in Truro during the 1979 UK General Election, 364 (0.67) in North Cornwall in the 1983 UK General Election, and 1,892 (1.0) at the European Parliament elections in the Cornwall and Plymouth constituency in 1984. The candidate on all three occasions was the founder and first leader of the CNP, Dr James Whetter.
The CNP was for some time seen as more of a pressure group, as it did not put up candidates for any elections, although its visibility and influence within Cornwall is negligible. As of 2012[update], it is now registered on the UK political parties register, and so Mebyon Kernow is no longer the only registered political party based in Cornwall. In April 2009, a news story reported that the CNP had re-formed following a conference in Bodmin; however, it did not contest any elections that year.
Dr Whetter was the founder and editor of the CNP quarterly journal, The Cornish Banner (An Baner Kernewek), within the actions of the Roseland Institute. Since his death in 2018 the CNP has been led by Androw Hawke.
A newspaper article and a revamp of the party website in October 2014 state that the party is now to contest elections once more.
John Le Bretton, vice-chairman of the party, said: "The CNP supports the retention of Cornwall Council as a Cornwall-wide authority running Cornish affairs and we call for the British government in Westminster to devolve powers to the council so that decisions affecting Cornwall can be made in Cornwall".
The CNP has one parish councillor, CNP leader Androw Hawke who was elected to Polperro Community Council for the second time on 4 May 2017.
The reformed party was registered with the Electoral Commission in 2014, but ceased to be registered in 2017. The CNP now operates as more of a pressure group standing candidates as Independents in local elections in Cornwall.
Pupils who want to start at the school, regularly need quite high grades, as it is a rather attractive place to study, given its lines of study, several good teachers and its central location, close to the city centre.
The 1936 Major League Baseball season was contested from April 14 to October 6, 1936. The New York Giants and New York Yankees were the regular season champions of the National League and American League, respectively. The Yankees then defeated the Giants in the World Series, four games to two.
The Boston Braves changed their nickname to "Bees" this season; they would revert to the Braves in 1941.
The New York Yankees set a Major League record for the most runs batted in during a season, with 995.
This article relating to a Major League Baseball season is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Ray Mason was an Australian rugby league footballer who played in the 1950s for South Sydney as a halfback. He played for the club during their golden era in the 1950s, when the club won 5 premierships with Mason being a member in 3 of those premiership victories.
Mason coached the third grade South Sydney side from 1958 to 1965, and guided them to a premiership in 1963.  He was made a life member of the club in 1965, and served as a committee member.  Mason later became director of the South Sydney leagues club for seven years.
Malta is a European Parliament constituency for elections in the European Union covering the member state of Malta. It is currently represented by six Members of the European Parliament. The electoral system used is single transferable vote.
The 2004 European election was the sixth election to the European Parliament. As Malta had only joined the European Union earlier that month, it was the first European election held in that state. The election took place on 13 June 2004.
The 2009 European election was the seventh election to the European Parliament and the second for Malta.
The 2014 European election was the eighth election to the European Parliament and the third for Malta.
The 2019 European election was the ninth election to the European Parliament and the fourth for Malta.
ETV Bal Bharat is a children's pay television channel owned by the Hyderabad-based ETV Network airing animated programming. The channel was launched on 27 April 2021. Bal Bharat is the network's first television channel dedicated to children, and is the only one to include audio tracks in multiple languages, including eleven Indian ones and even English.
The following table lists the names of Breton communities which have concluded town twinning agreements with communities in Ireland:
According to the 2011 census, there were 18,543 Bulgarians in Serbia. They are primarily located in two municipalities near Serbia's border with Bulgaria: in Bosilegrad there are 5,839 Bulgarians i.e. 71.9% of population while in Dimitrovgrad (Tsaribrod) there are 5,413 Bulgarians or 53.5% of population.
The dominant religion among ethnic Bulgarians in Serbia is Orthodoxy. Islam never arrived in areas like Bosilegrad because of the mountainous terrain and most inhabitants dwelled in high mountain villages where they were hard to reach. They use both Serbian and Bulgarian churches due to the low number of  Bulgarian clergymen present in the region. There is a church in every village around Bosilegrad, and the oldest ones date to the 11th century.
The Hebrew people harvested salt by pouring sea water into pits and letting the water evaporate until only salt was left. They used the mineral for seasoning and as a preservative. In addition, salt was used to disinfect wounds.[citation needed] In 2 Chronicles 13:5 King Abijah referred to God's covenant promise to David that he will not lack a man to seat on Israel's throne as a salt covenant, a covenant that can never be broken.
The fate of Lot's wife, being turned to a pillar of salt, is found in Genesis 19:26. This is the reason for the naming of the pillar on Mount Sodom, which is often called "Lot's Wife".
Leviticus 2:13 and Ezekiel 43:24 illustrate the requirement of salt as part of ancient Hebrew religious sacrifices. Leviticus 2:13 reads: "And every offering of your grain offering you shall season with salt; you shall not allow the salt of the covenant of your God to be lacking from your grain offering. With all your offerings you shall offer salt."
Salt was cast on the burnt offering (Ezekiel 43:24) and was part of the incense (Exodus 30:35). Part of the temple offering included salt (Ezra 6:9).
Salt was widely and variably used as a symbol and sacred sign in ancient Israel Numbers 18:19 and 2 Chronicles 13:5 illustrate salt as a covenant of friendship. In cultures throughout the region, the eating of salt is a sign of friendship. Salt land is a metaphorical name for a desolate no man's land, as attested in Psalms 107:34, Job 39:6, and Jeremiah 17:6. The land of defeated cities was salted to consecrate them to a god and curse their re-population, as illustrated in Judges 9:45.
Newborn babies were rubbed with salt. A reference to this practice is in Ezekiel 16:4: "As for your nativity, on the day you were born your navel cord was not cut, nor were you washed in water to cleanse you; you were not rubbed with salt nor wrapped in swaddling cloths."
Batman: The Animated Series is a side-scrolling action game by Konami released for the Game Boy in 1993 based on the TV series of the same title. A Super NES version was also planned, but the game was ultimately released under the title The Adventures of Batman & Robin due to the show undergoing a title change between seasons.
The game is an action-adventure platformer. The player can switch between Batman or Robin to gain access to character-specific abilities. Batman uses a grappling hook to scale heights, Robin walks across ceilings, and both characters can perform wall jumps.
Budesonide/glycopyrronium bromide/formoterol, sold under the brand name Breztri Aerosphere among others, is an inhalable fixed-dose combination medication for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). It contains budesonide, glycopyrronium bromide, and formoterol fumarate dihydrate. It is inhaled.
The most common side effects include oral candidiasis (a fungal infection of the mouth), upper respiratory tract infection, pneumonia, back pain, muscle spasms, influenza, urinary tract infection, cough, sinusitis and diarrhea.
The combination was approved for medical use in the United States in July 2020, and in the European Union in December 2020.
Budesonide/glycopyrronium bromide/formoterol is indicated for the maintenance treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) in adults.
On 11 November 2021, the CHMP adopted a positive opinion, recommending the granting of a marketing authorization for the medicinal product Riltrava Aerosphere (formoterol fumarate dihydrate/glycopyrronium bromide/budesonide), intended for maintenance treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) in adults whose disease is not adequately controlled.
This drug article relating to the respiratory system is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
De Ruyter was born on 24 March 1607 in Vlissingen, in the Spanish Netherlands, the son of a seaman who eventually became a brewery drayman, Adriaen Michielszoon, and Aagje Jansdochter. Little is known about de Ruyter's early life, but he was sent to sea as a boatswain's apprentice at the age of 11, the usual age for Zeeland boys to begin seafaring.
In 1622, during the Eighty Years' War against Spain, he fought as a musketeer in the new Dutch army under Maurice of Nassau against the Spaniards during the relief of Bergen-op-Zoom. That same year he rejoined the Dutch merchant fleet and steadily worked his way up through the posts of boatswain and chief mate before becoming a merchant ship's master at the age of thirty. Although having had little formal education, he spoke tolerable French and fluent English.
After the fleet was disbanded, de Ruyter returned to merchant service, which he undertook either as master of a Lampsins ship, or after buying his own ship, the Salamander.[citation needed]
Between 1642 and 1651, he made a number of profitable trading sailings to Morocco, Brazil and the West Indies, and by 1651, he had saved enough money to retire. In 1650, de Ruyter's second wife, who in 1649 had given him a second son,  Engel, unexpectedly died. On 8 January 1652, he married a widow, Anna van Gelder, and bought a house in Flushing for his proposed retirement, which lasted less than a year.
A planned Dutch attack on the English anchorage at Harwich led by De Ruyter had to be abandoned after the battle of Landguard Fort, at the close of the war. The Peace of Breda brought the war to an end.
Between 1667 and 1671, de Ruyter was forbidden by de Witt to sail, so as not to endanger his life. In 1669, a failed attempt on his life was made by a Tromp supporter, who tried to stab him with a bread knife in the entrance hall of his house.
The new rank of lieutenant-admiral general was created especially for de Ruyter in February 1673, when the new stadtholder of Holland and Zeeland, William III of Orange, became admiral-general. Although successive Princes of Orange, when stadtholder, generally commanded the Dutch army in person as its captain-general, they never took command of the Dutch fleet as admiral-general.
By the end of 1673, English popular opposition to the war and to the French alliance, the changes in government policy and the likelihood that parliament would not continue to provide war funding inclined Charles II towards peace with Holland and ending his alliance with France. After relatively brief negotiations, the Treaty of Westminster ending the war was ratified in March 1674.
The English withdrawal did not end naval engagements in the Franco-Dutch War. As Louis XIV did not wish to send his main fleet against the more powerful Dutch, de Ruyter was first instructed to use his fleet in support in a 'descent' on the French Channel and Biscay coasts, in which the appearance of the fleet would create a threat of landings or an invasion, aiming to divert French forces from the Spanish Netherlands and the Rhine.
During the night, the wind strengthened again, and Duquesne was joined by eight ships from Messina, but the next day the Spanish squadron was sighted and Duquesne did not wish to fight an action against superior numbers in the Straits of Messina, so he took his convoy right around Sicily, bringing it into Messina without further fighting. The combined Dutch-Spanish fleet sailed to Palermo for repairs, and there were no further fleet actions for several months.
He is honoured by a statue in his birthplace, Vlissingen, which stands looking over the sea. Multiple towns in the Netherlands have a street named after him. Respect also extended far beyond the borders of the republic. The town of Debrecen erected a statue of him for his role in persuading the Spanish viceroy of Naples to free 26 Protestant Hungarian ministers from slavery in the Spanish galleys during his service in Sicily.
In 1954, the Netherlands issued two postage stamps to honor Admiral de Ruyter. An eponymous biopic about his life was released in 2015.[citation needed]
The town of DeRuyter, New York, United States, and a village of the same name within the town are both named after the admiral.
Zeresenay Berhane Mehari (born 1974), is an Ethiopian filmmaker. He is notable as the director of critically acclaimed films Difret and Sweetness in the Belly.
Apart from cinema, he is the co-founder and Head of Original Content for Kana Television, the number-one rated free-to-air, private satellite entertainment TV channel in Ethiopia.
He was born in Addis Abeba, Ethiopia in a family with seven siblings. He later moved to USA whereas his brother and sister moved to The Netherlands, and another brother is in Sweden.
He started to work as a production assistant for two episodes: All About Eve and The Seven Year Itch in 2000 television serial Backstory. Then he was the production assistant for episode M*A*S*H: Comedy Under Fire in 2001 serial History vs. Hollywood. Later in 2006, he was the producer of shortLeila directed by Hanelle M. Culpepper. Later in the year, he made his first short film Coda.
In 2019, he made second feature, Sweetness in the Belly, a sophomore film starring Dakota Fanning and Yahya Abdul-Mateen II. It had its premier in the Discovery section of the Toronto Film Festival. The film was an adaptation of the book of the same name written by Camilla Gibb.
The Bad Beginning is the first novel of the children's novel series A Series of Unfortunate Events by Lemony Snicket. The novel tells the story of three children, Violet, Klaus, and Sunny Baudelaire, who become orphans following a fire and are sent to live with Count Olaf, who attempts to steal their inheritance.
The book was published on September 30, 1999, by Scholastic Inc. and illustrated by Brett Helquist. An audiobook was released in 2003 with narration by Tim Curry, several special editions of the book have been made and the book has been translated into many different languages. There is a movie based on the series starring Jim Carrey and a Netflix TV mini-series starring Neil Patrick Harris.
For the next few days, Olaf keeps the Baudelaires busy by forcing them to clean his house. The Baudelaires disagree but do not dare to object.
One day, the Baudelaires are set the task of making dinner for Olaf and his theatre troupe. They make puttanesca, but when Olaf arrives, he demands roast beef. The children remind him that he never asked them to make roast beef, and Olaf becomes angry, lifting Sunny into the air and striking Klaus across the face after Klaus tells everyone Count Olaf has given them only one bed and a pile of rocks for the three of them to sleep on and to play with.
In the last picture of The Bad Beginning, a snake is curled around a lamppost, foreshadowing the snakes in  The Reptile Room.
In 2012, School Library Journal named The Bad Beginning the 48th best children's novel. Kirkus Reviews noted the uncomfortably macabre tone of the novel, warning that because "the Baudelaire children are truly sympathetic characters", the novel is "not for the squeamish". Catherine Pelosi of Kids' Book Review responded positively to The Bad Beginning, describing it as "exciting, humorous and appropriately dark".
Two audiobook versions of this novel were released. The first version was released in September 2003. It was read by Tim Curry and featured Daniel Handler, under the pseudonym Lemony Snicket, who read a portion, A Conversation Between the Author and Leonard S. Marcus, which won an "Earphones Award" on AudioFile, which described the audiobook as "fabulously funny" and complimented the conversation involving Handler.
The book was adapted into the first two episodes of the first season of the television series adaptation produced by Netflix.[citation needed]
Elements of The Bad Beginning were featured in the 2004 film adaptation of the first three books in the series, Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events.[citation needed]
The name of Akiva's wife is not known, as it was never recorded wherever she is mentioned in the Talmud. Various names have been attributed to her throughout the years, today she is most popularly known as Rachel, following the medieval Avot of Rabbi Natan. The tomb of Rachel in Tiberias is a pilgrimage site for men and women.
In rabbinic literature, women are exempt from Torah study. The Talmud states that women gain the merit of Torah study by encouraging their husbands and sons to go learn:
Rav said to Rabbi Hiyyah: Whereby do women gain this merit [of Torah study]? By taking their sons go to the synagogue to learn and waiting for  their husbands to  return from the beit midrash where they had been studying Torah  (Berakhot 17a).
Rachel is considered a prime example of a wife who encourages her husband to pursue Torah study and is willing to make personal sacrifices to achieve that goal.
The story of Rachel's marriage to Akiva and their subsequent lives appears in three classical sources. They are:
The Aramaic word for "sheep" is rachel, which may be hinting at both the mother's and daughter's names.
Boyarin has proposed that Rachel is the logical name for Akiva's wife, as she said before she went out to greet him after his 24-year absence, "The righteous man knows the soul of his animal". Akiva was a "shepherd" and Rachel was his "sheep".
According to Avot of Rabbi Natan, Rachel was Akiva's second wife. His first wife had died, leaving a son who accompanied him when he first began learning to read.
When Rachel's father found out that she was engaged to an uneducated man, he was furious. He threw her out of his house and swore she would not receive anything from him.
Twenty-four years later Akiva returned home, accompanied by 24,000 disciples. Rachel's neighbors told her to put on nice clothing to greet him, but she went out in her ragged clothes and fell at his feet. Akiva's disciples were appalled and wanted to push her aside, but Akiva said, "Leave her. What is mine and what is yours is hers". Meaning: "My Torah and your Torah came to us only in her merit".
Rachel and Akiva had two daughters and one son. One of their daughters was married to Ben Azzai, a 2nd-century Tanna.
Rachel's date of death is unknown. Her Yom Hillula (annual commemoration of death) has been arbitrarily set on the third day of Passover.
Rachel's tomb has become a shrine for both men and women pilgrims. Levine notes that Rachel is "[t]he emblem of saintly womanhood for traditional Judaism", as her "martyrdom consisted of waiting for him in poverty and chastity for twenty-four years while he was off studying in the Yeshiva". Smith speculates that the themes of "self-sacrifice" and "silent suffering" in Rachel's life bring "solace" to female pilgrims who can better connect with a female saint than a male one.
In 2008 a "Jerusalem of Gold" postage stamp was issued in Israel depicting Rachel wearing the diadem and reprinting the words of Akiva from the Talmud, promising to buy it for her.
The roots of ufology include the "mystery airships" of the late 1890s, the "foo fighters" reported by Allied airmen during World War II, the "ghost fliers" of Europe and North America during the 1930s, the "ghost rockets" of Scandinavia (mostly Sweden) in 1946, and the Kenneth Arnold "flying saucer" sighting of 1947. Media attention to the Arnold sighting helped publicize the concept of flying saucers.
In addition to UFO sightings, certain supposedly related phenomena are of interest to some ufologists, including crop circles, cattle mutilations, and alien abductions and implants. Some ufologists have also promoted UFO conspiracy theories, including the Roswell Incident of 1947, the Majestic 12 documents, and UFO disclosure advocates.
Skeptic Robert Sheaffer has accused ufology of having a "credulity explosion," writing that, "the kind of stories generating excitement and attention in any given year would have been rejected by mainstream ufologists a few years earlier for being too outlandish." The physicist James E. McDonald also identified "cultism" and "extreme...subgroups" as negatively impacting ufology.
A large number of private organizations dedicated to the study, discussion, and publicity of ufology and other UFO-related topics exist throughout the world, including the United States, the United Kingdom, Australia, and Switzerland. Along with such "pro-UFO" groups are skeptic organizations that emphasize the pseudoscientific nature of ufology.
During the annual World UFO Day (July 2), ufologists and associated organizations raise public awareness of ufology, in an effort to "tell the truth about earthly visits from outer space aliens." The day's events include group gatherings to search for and observe UFOs.
Peter Flint Taylor (born 7 March 1944) was Archdeacon of Harlow in the Diocese of Chelmsford, serving from 1996 until 2009.
This article about a Church of England archdeacon in the Province of Canterbury is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Sakaman is a town in the Accra Metropolitan district, a district of the Greater Accra Region of Ghana.
On 19 May 2003 a 19 year-old Hamas militant strapped explosives to the back of his bicycle in the Gaza Strip and rode it alongside an Israeli Army vehicle, detonating it, killing himself and injuring 3 Israeli soldiers.
On 28 June 2001, a parcel bomb planted by the ETA on a bicycle exploded in Madrid, injuring at least 10 people.
Ciales barrio-pueblo is a barrio and the administrative center (seat) of Ciales, a municipality of Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 1,009.
As was customary in Spain, in Puerto Rico, the municipality has a barrio called pueblo which contains a central plaza, the municipal buildings (city hall), and a Catholic church. Fiestas patronales (patron saint festivals) are held in the central plaza every year.
Barriada La Aldea, Barriada La Cuerda, Barriada Otero, Barriada Santo Domingo, Barriada Verdum, Calle Morovis, Calle Nueva, Comunidad Cuba, Comunidad Los Milagros, Residencial Colinas de Jaguas, and Sector Las Guabas.
Azzedine Bouzerar (born 7 July 1953) is an Algerian handball player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
This biographical article related to Algerian team handball is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
He was born in Gothenburg, but moved to Norway in 1968, and was married to Kirsti Sparboe from 1972 to 1978. He is known for his cooperation with the Dizzie Tunes, and with Grethe Kausland. He won a Spellemannprisen award in 1973, and represented Norway in the Eurovision Song Contest 1972. In 2004 he won the Herman Wildenvey Poetry Award.
This Nelson County, Virginia state location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This is a list of cricketers who played first-class matches for Hazara cricket team in Pakistan. Hazara played nine first-class matches in the Patron's Trophy during the 1983/84, 1984/85 and 1985/1986 seasons.
Miss India Earth was  declared in a private ceremony where Miss India Earth Air 2016 Shaan Suhas Kumar was declared as Miss India for Miss Earth 2017
Nyungwe (Cinyungwe or Nhungue) is a Bantu language of Mozambique. It is used as a trade language throughout Tete Province.
Nyungwe is spoken by more than 439,000 people in Mozambique along the Zambezi River, principally in Tete Province.
While Portuguese is the only official language of Mozambique, Nyungwe is one of the recognized national languages.
Many vocabulary words collected by David Livingstone in Tete in the 1850s, and Courtois in the 1890s are similar to the words in common use by Nyungwe-speaking people today.
In preparations for the campaign, the People's Liberation Army halted the advance of First Field Army toward Taiyuan. The attack on Hohhot were also held back as the Third Field Army was being deployed from Jining District toward Beiping.
After the fall of Tianjin to the Communist forces, the Nationalist garrison in Beiping was effectively isolated. Fu Zuoyi came to the decision to negotiate a peace settlement on 21 January. In the following week, 260,000 Nationalist troops began to exit the city in anticipation for the immediate surrender. On 31 January, the PLA's Fourth Field Army entered Beiping to take over the city which marked the conclusion of the campaign.[citation needed]
The music was composed by Kuralarasan. There are 6 songs in this movie. Idhu Namma Aalu is a debut film for TR Kulalarasan as a music director, singer and lyricist.
In May 2012, Pearl Jam announced they were playing three festival dates in the US, including a headling slot at Jay-Z's Made in America Music Festival. In June 2012, the band announced they would be playing at the Adams Centre in Missoula, Montana. This was scheduled to be the band's only non-festival show in the United States in 2012.
At the Made in America Festival, Pearl Jam were joined onstage by Jay Z to perform the song "99 Problems". For their appearance at Made In America, the band earned $2 million. Some of the footage of Pearl Jam's set featured in the 2013 documentary film Made in America, directed by Ron Howard.
In the 1930s it was taken over by the neighbouring Fresh Wharf, which built a ten-storey warehouse next to Adelaide House in 1953. Only 20 years later the warehouse was demolished and the area was redeveloped into office blocks. Adelaide House still stands but the area once occupied by London Bridge Wharf is now publicly accessible as part of the Thames Path.
A pioneer of nephrology in China, Qian was the first clinical physician to perform hemodialysis and peritoneal dialysis in the country. He participated in the development of China's first indigenously designed dialyzer and created its first hemodialysis registration system in Shanghai.
Qian was the first to propose and demonstrate a Kt/V value of at least 1.7 as the target for peritoneal dialysis, which has since been adopted worldwide. He published hundreds of research papers and received the State Science and Technology Progress Award (Second Class) as well as many other awards.
KDLC (97.7 FM, "Rock 97.7") is a classic rock radio station licensed to Dulac, Louisiana. It serves the Houma, Louisiana area and is owned by Coast Radio Group.
On June 1, 2017, KDLC changed their format from adult contemporary (branded as "Sunny 97.7") to classic rock, branded as "Rock 97.7".
The Nokondi Cup is a league competition where eight teams in the Eastern Highlands region of Papua New Guinea play rugby league. The league was thought up by The Papua New Guinea Rugby Football League (PNGRFL) in late 2006/early 2007 after other regions of Papua New Guinea created local leagues. The season runs from March to November with the first being in 2007. There were also similar competitions for 'A' teams, and under 16 teams.
Yeh Hai Aashiqui Siyappa Ishq Ka is an Indian television show that aired on channel Bindass every Saturday at 7 PM from 20 June 2014 to 2014-end. It is the second season of the show Yeh Hai Aashiqui which aired on the channel Bindass from 25 August 2013 to 7 August 2016. The show mainly consists of episodes relating to "unconventional love stories".
 Two college students Krish (Krishika) and Nick spend a weekend together at a bungalow (farmhouse). Nick discovers the romantic side of no nonsense Krish and wants to be friends with her but Krish shuns away from anything to do with friendship because of an ugly past. This one weekend changed the way she looked at life and is willing to give herself a chance only to realize that the crazy feeling she is going through is love.
 Pankhu & Adi are childhood friend. Pankhu meets her friend Shweta who asks her about Adi where Pankhu introduces both of them. Pankhu signals Adi to have good time with Shweta but gradually Pankhu going through feelings of jealousy and realize that she has always been in love with him.
Amen is the third studio album by Malian artist Salif Keita, released in 1991 by Mango Records. The album reached No. 1 on the Billboard World Albums chart.
If you drop a child you can catch it, but if a word is out you cannot catch it anymore. One has to learn to speak, if you do not believe ask a lawyer. One has to learn to speak, if you do not believe this ask a griot.
Nyanafi means nostalgia, and the song is about the importance of life. If you think you will buy a car, if the death comes you will forget it. If you think you will buy an airplane, if the death comes you will forget it. If you see a young boy in his death clothes you will know that life is nothing. If you see a young girl in her death clothes you will know that life is nothing. If you are complaining, and you remember that image of the young boy, it will calm you down.
FFTir is France's representative for the international shooting organizations International Shooting Sport Federation, International Practical Shooting Confederation, World Benchrest Shooting Federation, International Metallic Silhouette Shooting Union, Muzzle Loaders Associations International Committee, International Crossbow Shooting Union and the European Shooting Confederation.
Warcraft: The Sunwell Trilogy is a collection of three volumes of OEL manga, written by Richard Knaak, illustrated by Kim Jae-hwan, and published by Tokyopop. The series is based on Blizzard Entertainment's Warcraft universe and follows the adventures of Kalec, a blue dragon who takes the form of a human to investigate a mysterious power, and Anveena, a beautiful young maiden with an enchanting secret.
The series opens with the history of World of Warcraft. A short introduction into the shaping of the universe up to the events leading to the rise of Arthas as the Lich King.
During the unsteady stalemate between the living and undead, a young blue dragon flies over what remains of southern Lordaeron. Kalecgos, the blue dragon, is shot down by Harkyn Grymstone, a dragon hunter driven by hatred towards the dragon who killed his family. Before Harkyn and his party find the wounded dragon, Kalec transforms into a human and is saved by Anveena, a young maiden who saw the event.
But the hunter's tracking skills and magical items easily led them to the farm of Anveena's parents. Kalec and Anveena try to escape through a tunnel but are spotted by one of Harkyn's henchmen. Kalec returns to his true form and takes to the skies in an attempt to flee together with Anveena, but is hit again and crashes into a lake. The hunter pursue the dragon but the magical artifact steers them North instead of towards the lake.
Anveena finds Kalec again on the shore in human form. After resting they return to Anveena's home. When they see smoke coming from the house they rush over to help but find they are much too late. They suddenly find themselves under attack by undead abominations and ghouls led by Dar'khan, and elven mage and undead commander. Dar'khan surprises them and binds their magics with special neck collars.
Dar'khan tells of his betrayal of his fellow High Elves and his search for the Sunwell. Before Dar'khan can harm them, Kalec and Anveena are saved by Tyrygosa, another blue dragon. Tyri had come to protect her future mate.
In the next book in the series, it tells of the story of the group's adventures in the Alterac Mountains.
In 1926 the novel was adapted into the American silent film Prince of Tempters directed by Lothar Mendes and starring Lois Moran, Ben Lyon, Lya De Putti.
See guidelines for writing about novels. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.
Lobotos is a genus of bird in the cuckooshrike family Campephagidae.  It is sometimes included in the genus Campephaga.  It contains the following two species:
Type 030 submarine was a mini submarine developed by the People's Liberation Army Navy (PLAN) in the mid 1960s, and only a single unit was built. However, before the first unit could be completed, the program was cancelled in the early 1970s, and the unfinished hull was scrapped.
Vexillum unifasciatum is a species of small sea snail, marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae, the ribbed miters.
Her SOE file revealed that from 1923 to 1924 she had lived with her family in Wiesbaden, Germany. The family must have moved to France in 1926 as she went to school at the Lycee de Jeunes Filles, St Germain, France, before moving to England in 1930 as Byck attended the Lycee Francais in Kensington, London, SW7, where she took the Baccalaureate in 1935 and then proceeded to the University of Lille.
Byck worked as a secretary from 1936 to 1938 in London before becoming an Assistant Stage Manager at the Gate Theatre in 1937. At the outbreak of war, she joined the Red Cross as a voluntary worker and the WVS. She moved to Torquay in 1941 where she worked as National Registration Clerk and was also an ARP Warden.[citation needed]
 Byck was graded 'average' as a General Agent by her SOE instructors, but gained a high intelligence rating (eight out of nine), and high grades for Morse and Mechanical Aptitude. She was described by her instructors on her SOE file as:
She was buried in Romorantin and for many years her grave was tended by the local people. The townsfold of Romorantin commemorated the Anniversary of her death as a heroine of the Resistance. Later, her grave was moved to the Pornic War Cemetery.
For many years, no image of Pease was known, until a 2021 paper revealed that two cartes-de-visite (one shown above) had been discovered in the Bishop Museum Archives, Honolulu.
Kapitein Rob ("Captain Rob") was a Dutch adventure comic strip, created  and drawn by Pieter Kuhn and written by journalist Evert Werkman. The series ran from December 11, 1945 until January 21, 1966. Together with Marten Toonder's Tom Poes and Hans G. Kresse's Eric de Noorman it is considered to be the among the Big Three in the history of Dutch comics.
In Het Geheim van de Bosplaat Rob discovers a secret bunker on the isle of Terschelling, where nazi's plan their evil schemes.
The stories were published in the Dutch newspaper Het Parool. Like all Dutch comics in the 1940s and 1950s Kapitein Rob was a text comic, where the text was written below the images.
The series ran from December 11, 1945  until January 21, 1966. The script of the first story was written by Wijnanda Aberson. Evert Werkman took over from the second story on. The series was only interrupted twice. From April 4, 1955 until September 1, 1956 and from November 8, 1958 until August 25, 1959. After Kuhn died of a heart attack in 1966 the series were terminated. In total 73 stories were published. The final one was left unfinished.
In 2001 the entire series were republished completely by Rijperman Communications. On May 15, 2014 the entire collection of Kuhn's drawings, including Kapitein Rob, was donated to the archives of the city Groningen.
In 1996 Kapitein Rob was adapted into a musical. The musical was organized by Gerard Knap. Hans Mobach composed the music, Rudolf Geel wrote the song lyrics. Ruud Bos wrote the dialogues. Erik van Muiswinkel was choreographer. The play premiered in the presence of Dutch politician Annemarie Jorritsma, who was Minister of Transport, Public Works and Water Management at the time.
In 2007 Simon de Waal directed a live-action film adaptation, Kapitein Rob en het Geheim van Professor Lupardi. De Waal and Hans Pos wrote the story, while Screenpartners and Shooting Star Film Company produced the picture.
Ramsay's later works were on Scottish topics, including a discussion of John Calvin's attitude to art as it relates to Scotland and works on Scottish patriotism and song.
Christine Chin (born 1974), better known by her stage name Sasha, is a Jamaican musician, deejay and dancehall recording artist, presently recording gospel music under the name Sista Sasha.
Born in Kingston, Jamaica, she was raised in Queens NY. Her first big hit was Dat Sexy Body . In 1998, she wrote "Dat Sexy Body", composed on a variation of the "Bookshelf" riddim, which was later remixed with famous reggaeton artist Ivy Queen. Her biggest hit is "I'm Still in Love with You" with fellow dancehall musician Sean Paul.
In the 2000s she started a hair salon business. She became a Christian in 2008 and changed her stage name, and stated that she would no longer perform the songs that made her famous.
Sasha has also had a string of hits in Jamaica, including "Runaway With Me", "Hot Girls", "Natural High", "Wine Gal Wine", and We Got The Love (Feat. Turbulence). Sasha was also working on an album for VP Records titled "Sexy Body Sasha" which was supposed to be released in 2006 but Sasha left the label and the album got shelved. The songs from the album will soon be released as a mixtape under the same title.
Bandung High Tech Valley (BHTV) is an initiative to foster technology-based business and industries in Bandung region. It aims to be the Silicon Valley of Indonesia.
The BHTV initiative was originated from Ministry of Industry and Trade of Indonesia as a mean to increase electronics export. It was started in 1986, but was forgotten when Indonesia faced economy crisis in 1997. It was then restarted by some people in Institut Teknologi Bandung.
The main focus of current BHTV initiative is to help small tech companies to start in Bandung. Another activity is to attract multinational companies to invest in research and development in the region. Talks have been initiated with some big and small companies.
On February 10, 2006, BHTV Foundation has been legally founded by four ITB faculty members to further oversee the development of BHTV.
He was born on 26 January 1832, the son of lawyer Thomas Jex-Blake and the brother of Sophia Jex-Blake, and was educated at Rugby and University College, Oxford. He began a career as a school master at Marlborough and was then Assistant Master at Rugby. From 1868 to 1874 he was  Principal of Cheltenham College and from 1874 to 1887 was Headmaster of Rugby then Rector of Alvechurch.
He had married Henrietta Cordery in 1857: they had two sons and nine daughters. One son was Arthur John Jex-Blake, a successful doctor and the daughters included educationalists Katharine Jex-Blake and Henrietta Jex-Blake.
Mental health informatics is a branch of health or clinical informatics focused on the use of information technology (IT) and information to improve mental health. Like health informatics, mental health informatics is a multidisciplinary field that promotes care delivery, research and education  as well as the technology and methodologies required to implement it.
Telehealth, telemedicine and telepsychiatry are new care delivery methods made possible by information technology.  Specifically, there is a body of research investigating the use of mobile devices to deliver treatment suggestions or treatment reminders in the context of mental health.
Collection of enormous amounts of structured data on mental health patients introduces the possibility of improved mental health care, mental health policy, and overall perception of mental health.  This analysis would be performed on a macro-scale, the study of the incidence of mental health in a public health and epidemiological context.
Shi Tianze was married to two Jurchen women, a Han Chinese woman, and a Korean woman, and his son Shi Gang was born to one of his Jurchen wives. His Jurchen wive's surnames were Mo-nien and Na-ho, his Korean wife's surname was Li, and his Han Chinese wife's surname was Shi.
Shi Tianze defected to the Mongol Empire's forces upon their invasion of the Jin dynasty. Shi, Zhang Rou (Chang Jou) zh, and Yan Shi (Yen Shih) zh and other high ranking Chinese who served in the Jin dynasty and defected to the Mongols helped build the structure for the administration of the new state.
This biographical article related to the military of China is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about a location in Idlib Governorate, Syria is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The 1st Squadron, 1st Cavalry Regiment and the 3rd Battalion, 16th Artillery were based at Hawk Hill in 1968.
SP4 Donald Sloat of the 1st Infantry Regiment operating out of the base would be posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions on 17 January 1970.
This biographical article relating to Italian rowing is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Syria Mosque was a 3,700-seat  performance venue located in the Oakland neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Constructed in 1911 and dedicated on October 26, 1916, the building was originally built as a "mystical" shrine for the Ancient Arabic Order of the Nobles of the Mystic Shrine (the Shriners) and designed by Huehl, Schmidt & Holmes architectural firm of Chicago.  It was recognized as one of the best examples of "exotic revival architecture".
Located at 4400 Bigelow Boulevard, it held numerous events over the years, mainly highlighted by concerts of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra and numerous internationally recognized music performers, as well as political rallies and speeches. Despite community efforts to have Syria Mosque designated a historic landmark, the building was demolished August 27, 1991.
The Medinah Temple in Chicago (constructed one year after this building by the same firm) is a similar building still in existence (though now converted to retail space).
Despite community efforts to have the building designated a historic landmark, the Syria Mosque was torn down on August 27, 1991. The site serves as a parking lot for the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center. Plans were announced that University of Pittsburgh would acquire it from the medical center in 2016.
He is the author of (A Hundred Greats of Islamic Nation Who Changed the Course of History), (101 Barbosa's mystery) and (101 Aryos's secret) and the (Mohammed's school book).
One of his most important popular poems (we are heroes, we don't bend our heads) that strangers for the Islamic art's team sang, and (Taqadamo) poem that praises the revolters on Bashar's government in Syria. He participated also in Sawaed Al Ekhaa program.
Bird fancier's lung (BFL) is a type of hypersensitivity pneumonitis. It can cause shortness of breath, fever, dry cough, chest pain, anorexia and weight loss, fatigue, and progressive pulmonary fibrosis (the most serious complication). It is triggered by exposure to avian proteins present in the dry dust of droppings or feathers of a variety of birds. The lungs become inflamed, with granuloma formation. It mostly affects people who work with birds or own many birds.
BFL is diagnosed based on symptoms, and how these get worse on exposure to avian proteins. Radiology can show damage to the lungs, which has a characteristic "ground glass" appearance. Bronchoscopy shows chronic inflammation, with biopsies showing lymphocytosis and granulomatous tissue. BFL may be treated with steroids such as prednisone to reduce inflammation, and removal of exposure to avian proteins. If pulmonary fibrosis has not occurred, treatments tend to be very effective.
Initial symptoms of BFL include shortness of breath (dyspnea), and dry cough. These may be worse after sudden exertion or when exposed to temperature change, which can resemble asthma, hyperventilation syndrome or pulmonary embolism. Chest pain (such as a tight chest), chills, crackly chest, and fever may also occur.
Pulmonary fibrosis can get worse over time. This can eventually lead to respiratory failure, which can be fatal. Diffuse alveolar damage (DAD) can occur with acute respiratory failure. 
BFL is caused by an immune response to inhaled allergens from birds. This may be the dry dust of droppings, or feathers. These antigens usually come from pigeons, but may also come from parakeets, cockatiels, budgerigars, parrots, turtle doves, turkeys, chickens, and other birds. Antigens can also be from feathers in bedding. People who work with birds or own many birds are at risk. Bird hobbyists and pet store workers may also be at risk.
BFL causes inflammation of the alveoli in the lungs. Avian proteins include mucins and antibodies, which stimulate a significant immune response from the body. The lungs become inflamed, with granuloma formation. It can take many years of exposure to cause BFL, with an average of 1.6 years to cause acute disease, and 16 years to cause chronic disease.
A definitive diagnosis can be difficult without invasive testing. Extensive exposure to birds, combined with reduced diffusing capacity, are strongly suggestive of BFL. Symptoms worsen upon skin exposure to avian proteins in 85% of patients. Symptoms tend to occur or worsen within 4 - 8 hours after exposure to avian protein. Symptoms almost always worsen upon lung exposure to avian protein, and such tests are often performed in hospital in case symptoms become hard to manage.
Biochemical results tend to be difficult to pinpoint to BFL, but can support a diagnosis. BFL causes high concentrations of antibodies targeted against avian proteins, although this may also be found in people exposed to avian protein without the disease. These can be detected in a blood test. An inverted CD4+/CD8+ ratio is associated with lymphocytosis.
X-ray or CT scans usually show physical changes to the lung structure (a "ground glass" appearance or a "mosaic" pattern) as the disease progresses. Mediastinal lymphadenopathy and bronchiectasis may also be seen. Precise distribution and types of tissue damage differ among similar diseases, as does response to treatment with prednisone. Up to 12% of x-rays may show no damage, whilst only 2% of CT scans show no damage.
Bronchoalveolar lavage typically shows prominent lymphocytosis. This mainly consists of cytotoxic T cells, with an elevated concentration of mast cells. Standard bronchoscopy usually shows chronic inflammation of lung tissue, and granulomas with poorly-defined margins.
Lung biopsy usually reveals non-necrotizing granulomatous inflammation. It also shows "foamy" macrophages and crystals of oxalic acid. Hyperplasia tends to occur in type 1 pneumocytes and not in type 2 pneumocytes.
In extreme cases, patients may be advised to evacuate their homes permanently and to get rid of all possessions that have been exposed to avian proteins if they cannot be cleaned thoroughly inside and out. (This includes books, beds, and upholstered furniture.) The patient should not attempt to clean any contaminated items. Anyone who comes in contact with items that have been near birds should change clothes and wash their hair before coming in contact with the patient.
Corticosteroids, such as prednisone, often suppresses symptoms temporarily, especially in the early stages of the disease. However, corticosteroids tend not to have a long-term effect if avian protein is not also removed from the environment. Dosage is chosen specific to each patient. By reducing inflammation, corticosteroids might also delay fibrosis in the lungs.
Unless fibrosis has progressed beyond recovery, symptoms should improve, sometimes dramatically, in the absence of such allergens. Depending on the extent of fibrosis at the time of their diagnosis and how well they follow recommended treatment protocols (especially avoidance of allergens), many BFL patients make a full recovery. However, symptoms may recur quickly upon re-exposure to birds or related allergens.
The frequency of BFL is hard to determine. It may be between 0.5% and 7.5% of bird-owners in the United Kingdom.
The National Bank is a Norwegian rock/pop band, whose debut album was released in Norway in 2004 and featured the hit song "Tolerate".
Although closely connected to the band Jaga Jazzist, their music is completely different. The National Bank explore musical landscapes in more pop/rock oriented manners, with a focus on vocal-oriented orchestrated pop music suitable for the big stage. Their first single, Tolerate (2004), later released on the album The National Bank (2004), became an instant hit in Norway, and upon release was proclaimed by many Norwegian music critics to be the best Norwegian song of the year.
The National Bank is the eponymous debut studio album released by the Norwegian band The National Bank.
Eldorado is a village in Preble County, Ohio, United States. The population was 509 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Dayton Metropolitan Statistical Area.
As of the census of 2010, there were 509 people, 196 households, and 141 families living in the village. The population density was 2,213.0 inhabitants per square mile (854.4/km2). There were 223 housing units at an average density of 969.6 per square mile (374.4/km2). The racial makeup of the village was 99.0% White, 0.6% Asian, 0.2% from other races, and 0.2% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.2% of the population.
There were 196 households, of which 35.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.1% were married couples living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.1% were non-families. 20.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.06.
The median age in the village was 39.2 years. 27.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.9% were from 25 to 44; 27.6% were from 45 to 64; and 12% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.5% male and 50.5% female.
As of the census of 2000, there were 543 people, 212 households, and 156 families living in the village. The population density was 2,375.8 people per square mile (911.5/km2). There were 225 housing units at an average density of 984.4 per square mile (377.7/km2). The racial makeup of the village was 99.63% White, and 0.37% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.18% of the population.
There were 212 households, out of which 38.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.3% were married couples living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.4% were non-families. 24.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 2.99.
In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.2% under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 31.5% from 25 to 44, 23.8% from 45 to 64, and 9.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females there were 93.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.3 males.
The median income for a household in the village was $42,396, and the median income for a family was $45,694. Males had a median income of $32,813 versus $23,750 for females. The per capita income for the village was $17,259. About 0.6% of families and 2.3% of the population were below the poverty line, including 4.4% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.
The National Trail Local School District serves students from Eldorado and surrounding Monroe Township. Eldorado also has a public library, a branch of the Preble County District Library.
Dancer in Nowhere is an album by Miho Hazama and her chamber orchestra m_unit, released in November 2018.
Gretchen Magbanua Abaniel (born November 4, 1985) is a Filipino professional boxer. She held the WIBA mini-flyweight title from 2009 to 2011 and the WIBF mini-flyweight title from 2015 to 2016. She has also challenged for multiple major world titles across three weight classes; the WBA, IBF and WBO female mini-flyweight titles between 2008 and 2017; the WBA female atomweight title in 2013; and the WBO female light-flyweight title in 2018.
Abaniel's father thought she should learn martial arts like karate and she later grew interested in boxing, joining the national team to start her amateur career. Abaniel is a Seventh-day Adventist.
Abaniel, a resident of Puerto Princesa, has been supported by her town's mayor, Edward Hagedorn, throughout her career, even when becoming part of the Philippine national team in 2003 due to inadequate support from the Philippine Sports Commission. As an amateur boxer competing for her country, Abaniel won a bronze medal at the 2005 Women's World Amateur Boxing Championships in Russia. She has also won titles in tournaments held in Taiwan.
Abaniel won her first world title match against Thailand's Nongbua Lookpraiaree after a tenth-round unanimous decision allowed her to capture the vacant Women's International Boxing Association World minimumweight title. She lost her title to Samson Tor Buamas in Sukhothai, Thailand on February 19, 2011.
WIBA Women's International Boxing Association Minimumweight title (2009, 2014, 2016)WBC International female minimumweight title (2007)
Other Titles:WIBA Minimumweight Intercontinental TitleWomen's International Boxing Federation World Minimumweight titleGlobal Boxing Union Female World Minimumweight title
She was a contestant on the television program The Amazing Race Philippines 2, being a part of an athleticism focused duo with Luz McClitton. She was also a guest on a morning news-talk program called GMK  conceptualized by Daniel Razon.
The white-crowned robin-chat (Cossypha albicapilla) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae. It is found in Benin, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Ivory Coast, Ethiopia, Gambia, Ghana, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Mali, Niger, Nigeria, Senegal, Sierra Leone, South Sudan, and Togo. Its natural habitats are dry savanna and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland.
A saguaro boot is the hard shell of callus tissue, heavily impregnated with lignin, that a  saguaro cactus (Carnegiea gigantea) creates to protect the wound created by a bird's nesting house . The bird pecks through the cactus skin, then excavates downward to hollow out a space for its nest. When the saguaro dies, its soft flesh rots, but its woody infrastructure lasts much longer. So does the hollowed-out callus whose roughly boot-like shape gives it the name of "saguaro boot."
Native Americans of the Seri group used saguaro boots to store or carry water.  It is now illegal to collect saguaro boots from the wild in Arizona.
Some desert moth caterpillars also make tunnels inside saguaro cactus. The resulting dried callus that forms around their tunnels has a flattened disk structure where the caterpillar exits instead of the larger hole seen on a saguaro boot.
The Academy enrolls about 120 new students every year, including 20 international students. It is located in three adjacent buildings in downtown Sofia, which are: a Training Drama Theatre (since 1957), a Training Puppet Theatre (since 1966), a cinema and video hall and an educational audiovisual centre, as well as an academic information centre that stores 60,000 volumes of Bulgarian and international literature. NATFA has a student dormitory in Studentski grad.
In its first class, 22 students were admitted in acting and 9 were admitted in directing, and two years later there were 16 new students in theater studies. Initially, the duration of all courses was four years, but it was later extended to five for directors and theater critics. The school's first seventeen teachers were prominent experts in theater art and theater critics. Over the years, the number of teachers increased and the curriculum improved.
In 1955, the Institute received a new building, specially built for it at 108A Rakovski Street. With its three stages and a larger number of audiences, it offered better opportunities for the learning process. The Training Drama Theater, one of the Institute's main units, was inaugurated in 1957. The amphitheater hall has 430 seats.
On August 1, 1995, the university received its current name: Krastyo Sarafov National Academy for Theater and Film Arts.
The bristles of camel-hair brushes are traditionally made of squirrel hair and this is still the most common material.  They can also be made from goat, ox or pony or a blend of any of these.  They are never made from camel hair, either in whole or in part.
Camel-hair brushes are a soft brush.  They are a considerably cheaper alternative to the expensive kolinsky sable-hair brush (a red sable), considered the best brush for watercolour painting.  However, they are inferior in that they lack the springiness and natural point of red sable.
Cheaper camel-hair brushes, such as those supplied to schools, are usually mass-produced from pony hair cut from the mane.  Pony is used because the long mane hairs can be cut up by machine to make many brushes simultaneously.  However, the cut ends are not so good at coming to a point as the natural tips.
Camel-hair brushes can be used for watercolour painting but are not the best choice.  They are poor where good points are required, and do not hold their shape well when in contact with water.  They are, however, good for large flat brushes when broad areas are being painted.
Camel-hair brushes are used in signwriting.  They are problematic with watercolours as already stated.  They also do not perform well with heavy paints, especially the formerly widely used white lead based paints.  The weight of the paint tends to make the brush collapse.
Woodworking has many uses for camel-hair brushes.  As with watercolouring, fine work is better done with a sable brush but camel-hair can be used for applying finishes.  Camel hair is also less effective at working into corners or to a line because of the poorer point (or edge) on the tip.
The brushes barbers use to remove the loose hairs from the back of the customer's neck can be camel hair.  They are also the preferred brushes for surgeons, dentists, and jewellers.  Their soft bristles make them ideal for cleaning dust from delicate equipment or materials, such as film or stills cameras.
The discography of Skunk Anansie, an English rock band, consists of six studio albums and twenty-four singles, including one re-issue. The band's members include Skin (Deborah Dyer), Cass (Richard Lewis), Ace (Martin Kent) and Mark Richardson. The group formed in 1994 and disbanded in 2001; they re-united in 2009. Skunk Anansie are named after the West African folk tales of Anansi the Spider-man, with "Skunk" added to "make the name nastier".
In July 2019, Skunk Anansie released the single "What You Do For Love". A video for the song was also released.
Material Issue was an American power pop trio from Chicago, Illinois. The band's trademark is pop songs with themes of love and heartbreak. A number of their song titles used girls' first names.
Material Issue was formed in 1985, led by frontman Jim Ellison, who played guitar, sang lead vocals, and wrote most of the band's songs. Ellison met bassist Ted Ansani while both were attending Columbia College Chicago in 1986. Drummer Mike Zelenko was found through an ad in the Illinois Entertainer later that year.
The band's follow up album, 1992's Destination Universe, was also produced by Jeff Murphy at Short Order Recorder, and included the single "What Girls Want" in addition to ballads such as "Next Big Thing" and "Everything". Material Issue continued to tour heavily across the country in support of both albums. The new album was not as well received by critics, nor did it sell as well as their first.
1994's Freak City Soundtrack featured the single "Kim The Waitress", a cover of a 1980s single by The Green Pajamas, and written by Jeff Kelly. Freak City Soundtrack sold fewer than 50,000 copies and Material Issue, feeling left behind by their label, parted ways with Mercury in early 1995.
The legacy of Material Issue as the consummate 1990s power pop band lives on in the International Pop Overthrow festival that plays in Los Angeles, New York City and Chicago each year.  The IPO festival (renamed IPO from Poptopia in the late 90s to honor Material Issue) is the largest showcase of power pop music in the United States and brings in power pop bands from all over the world to showcase what is new in the world of power pop music.
Mike Zelenko continues to play drums and has also played with several current Material Issue projects.  He has drummed for Green, the Darlings  and most recently Zelenko has been playing with a new power pop band from Chicago called The Ladies and Gentlemen.
In 2002, the song "Everything", from the Destination Universe album, was covered by the band Stereo Fuse and received moderate airplay on alternative radio.
The Tragically Hip song "Escape Is At Hand For The Travellin' Man", from the album Phantom Power, is a tribute to Ellison.
Australian power pop band the Pyramidiacs also released a tribute song to Ellison, entitled "Jim", on their 1997 album Teeter Totter.
Original drummer Danny Thompson is currently playing for punk rock legends, Face to Face, and metal band the Uprising. Both bands are from southern California. The original bassist, Lance Tawzer, went on to form The Lupins (RCA Records) and wrote a song for the movie Dumb and Dumber; he married Q101 (WKQX) DJ Samantha James and they have two children.
In 2018, it was announced via Facebook that a feature-length documentary was in production with the band as the subject. The film entered post-production in August 2019. It is set to come out within the first half of 2021. The documentary will feature people like Rick Nielsen, Jeff Kwatinetz, Matt Pinfield, Steve Albini, Mike Chapman, and the original members of the band.
He was abbot of the Vatopedi monastery on Mount Athos before being appointed by Patriarch Symeon I of Constantinople as Metropolitan bishop of Serres, which he governed under the religious name of Manasses.
During his reign arose some pieces of gossip about him, not specified by the sources, which led to his deposition in early 1497.
After his resignation he remained actively involved with ecclesiastic issues, even plotting against his successor Nephon II, until he was forced to retire in the Vatopedi monastery, where he died at an unknown date.
Live at the Oakland Coliseum is a two-disc posthumous live album by the Jimi Hendrix Experience. It documents the group's performance at the Oakland Coliseum in Oakland, California, on April 27, 1969. The Experience broke up two months later, making the album one of the last full-length concert recordings of the trio to be officially issued.
Dagger Records released Live at the Oakland Coliseum on February 27, 1998.  It was the first release on the label, which was set up by the Hendrix estate for recordings that "don't meet the technical recording criteria and sonic high standards" for standard releases.
The Experience's performance at the Coliseum was not professionally recorded, however, a monophonic sound recording was made by fan Ken Koga. The set list for the concert was one typical of the 1969 tour, featuring staples "Fire", "Purple Haze" and "Spanish Castle Magic".
Other songs include the improvised "Hey Joe", blues numbers "Red House" and "Hear My Train A Comin'", the extended "Foxey Lady" and the finale of the night, an eighteen-minute jam on "Voodoo Child (Slight Return)", with Jefferson Airplane's Jack Casady on bass.
Athletes from the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia competed at the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck, Austria.
Winners (in bold) entered the Medal Round. Other teams played a consolation round for 7th-12th places.
Sree Raam is an Indian actor who appears in Tamil language films. He made a breakthrough appearing as a child actor, winning a National Film Award for his performance in Pandiraj's Pasanga (2009). He has since appeared in the leading and supporting roles in films, and won acclaim for his portrayal in Goli Soda (2014).
He has worked in various films like Kattradhu Thamizh in 2007, Pasanga as Jeeva Nithyanandham in 2009, Theeradha Vilaiyattu Pillai as Young Kartik in 2010, Venghai as Young Selvam in 2011, Markandeyan in 2011, Vandhaan Vendraan as Young Ramana in 2011, Goli Soda as Saettu in 2014, Vajram as Madurai in 2015, Kamara Kattu as Ravi in 2015, Papanasam as Cheramadurai in 2015, Paisa in 2016 and Sagaa.
Sree Raam made a breakthrough appearing as a child actor, winning the National Film Award for Best Child Artist for his performance in Pandiraj's Pasanga (2009). He then appeared in several films in smaller roles, portraying the younger version of the lead actor.
In 2014, he played one of the lead roles in Vijay Milton's Goli Soda and the success of the film, led him to be featured in films of a similar genre including Vajram (2015) and Kamara Kattu (2015). His performance in Goli Soda also saw him recommended and subsequently signed up for a role in Papanasam (2015) starring Kamal Haasan.
Daniel Auteuil was born on 24 January 1950 in Algiers, French Algeria, the son of opera singers. He grew up in Avignon and Nancy, France. He began his acting career in musical comedy and made his film debut in 1972.
In 2013, Auteuil was selected as a member of the main competition jury at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival.
Barras railway station was situated on the South Durham & Lancashire Union Railway between Barnard Castle and Kirkby Stephen East.
The station served the villages of Barras, Brough and North Stainmore. The line was opened on 26 March 1861 when a mineral train was run, the line opened to passengers on 8 August 1861 following an opening ceremony the day before, but Barras station is noted in the published timetable as having no trains stopping, it first appeared to be open for passengers from February 1862.
The station was closed by British Railways North Eastern Region on 22 January 1962.  Freight facilities had been withdrawn on 1 December 1952 and from that date it had been operated as an unstaffed halt for passengers only.
The main station buildings and a small goods yard and siding were constructed on the north side of the line, serving eastbound trains. There was a waiting shelter for passengers which was located on the westbound platform.
The British Railways North Eastern Region published passenger timetable for October 1950 showed that four trains called at the station in each direction on weekdays en route from Darlington to Kirkby Stephen.
Local freight trains also served the Barras goods yard and through freight trains from the northeast via Stainmore and Tebay to Barrow-in-Furness also passed through the station.
Heavy snow falls frequently interrupted operations on the Stainmore line. In February 1955 an eastbound steam locomotive and its goods train became stuck for four days in deep snow just north of the station. Its recovery was recorded in an official film Snowdrift at Bleath Gill.
Kelly was born in West Haverstraw, New York in 1911. He graduated from Bound Brook High School in 1929 and attended Muhlenberg College where he was a member of Alpha Tau Omega. He was a member of the Middlebrook Players, a thespian company. He married Louise Harriet Wild, daughter of John Wild in May 1937.
Kelly received the designation of Outstanding Irishman of 1958 by the Patrick's Guard of Honor of New Jersey, a body of which he was president in 1975.
After college he worked at the Public Service Electric and Gas Company. In the 1940s he served as a city councilman in Middlesex, New Jersey and worked as a purchasing agent for Interchemical Corporation.
Kelly served as Mayor of East Orange, New Jersey, from 1958 to 1970. Kelly was the first democratic mayor of East Orange since 1911 and defeated William M. McConnell in an upset. In 1968, Kelly served as president of the New Jersey Council of Mayors. Kelly was defeated in 1969 by William S. Hart, the first elected black mayor of a major New Jersey community.
The league saw a major restructuring of the usual four divisions of eight teams. Division 1 was split into Group 1A and Group 1B with each group consisting of six teams. The top two teams in each group qualified for the knock-out stage.
Offaly came into the season as defending champions of the 1990-91 season. Galway, Down, Laois and Offaly all entered Division 1 as part of the restructuring.
On 12 May 1992, Limerick won the title after a 0-14 to 0-13 win over Tipperary in the final. It was their 10th league title overall.
Division 2 remained as a single division consisting of eight teams. The first-placed team at the end of the group stage were deemed champions and secured promotion to Division 1.
On 12 April 1992, Antrim secured the title and promotion after a 3-8 to 0-11 win over Meath in round 7 of the group stage.
Division 3 was split into Group 3A and Group 3B with each group consisting of six teams. The first-placed team in each group contested a play-off to decide promotion.
After playing for Rayo's B-team Willy joined Real Betis, representing the latter's C and B-teams. On 5 August 2011, he signed for CF Villanovense in the third division, after impressing on a trial basis.
Hajji Ali Mohammad is a politician representing Logar Province in the Wolesi Jirga, the lower house of Afghanistan's national legislature. According to a report prepared by the Program for Culture and Conflict Studies at the Naval Postgraduate School, Ali Mohammed sat on the Communications Committee.  They reported he might be politically affiliated with Yunus Qanuni, the speaker of the House, in addition to being a member of the Hezbi Islami.
Pajhwok Afghan News reported on February 25, 2012, that Ali Mohammad's son Khalid had been kidnapped. The identity or affiliation of the kidnappers was unknown.
Delpodio was born in Turin, Italy. In amateur golf, he won several national championships before turning professional in 2006.
Delpodio played on the Alps Tour from 2007 to 2010. He won three tournaments and the Order of Merit in 2010. This earned him a spot on the Challenge Tour for 2011.
This biographical article relating to Italian golf is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Jakara Anthony (born 8 July 1998) is an Australian freestyle skier. She competed in the 2018 Winter Olympics finishing 4th the best ever result for an Australian female mogul skier. At the 2019 World Ski Championships she finished 2nd.
This biographical article relating to freestyle skiing in Australia is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The portrait of a man in red chalk (c. 1510) in the Royal Library of Turin is widely, though not universally, accepted as a self-portrait of Leonardo da Vinci. It is thought that Leonardo da Vinci drew this self-portrait at about the age of 60. The portrait has been extensively reproduced and has become an iconic representation of Leonardo as a polymath or "Renaissance Man". Despite this, some historians and scholars disagree as to the true identity of the sitter.
In the early 21st century, the presumed self-portrait of Leonardo was used to help identify the subject of a drawing by Giovanni Ambrogio Figino, believed to depict an elderly Leonardo with his right arm assuaged by cloth. This may correspond with accounts of Leonardo's right hand being paralytic late in life and the burial position of his presumed remains, which scientists hope to DNA test to determine if they are Leonardo's.
Vir Vikram Dev replaced his uncle Krishna Raj Dev as the king of Nandapur in 1637. The kingdom of Nandapur was then resisting as a tributary of the Qutb Shahi dynasty of Hyderabad. However, the growing tensions between Nandapur and Hyderabad forced the Qutb Shahi Sultans to take stringent steps in order to maintain control over the territory of Kalinga. They constantly interfered into the politics of Nandapur that vexed the courtiers and the subjects.
The fort was then known as Jaypur Garh and it served as a robust bastion for the next eleven descendants of Vir Vikram Dev. However, the British invaded Jeypore in 1777 assisted by the army of Vizianagaram and destroyed the fort in the absence of Vikram Dev I who was preparing for the battle in the fort of Rayagada.
People belonging to different caste, creed and religion have been living in Purunagada and most of them have been staying here for generations. Tribal Parajas form an integral part of this part of the town and were earlier known for their hunting skills, clean houses, robust physique, unique traditions and hard work. With exposure to the urban way of life, their dependence on the forests has been declining and has eroded their culture and heritage.
The Neelakantheswara Temple is the oldest temple in Purunagoda and Jeypore. The NKT road owes its name to this temple, which has become synonymous with Purunagoda. The temple also has a Jagannath temple and a very rare Radha Krishna temple within the premises. The Neelakantheswara Temple was discovered by a woodcutter who accidentally hit on the Shiva Linga. The mark could still be seen today.
One of the few temples found dedicated to Goddess Ganga. It is here that the ritualistic Ghanta Paraba - a festival similar to Bonalu where a representation of each goddess of a particular locality is taken in a clay pot to other parts to be worshiped - begins at Purunagoda. The procession begins only after a flower drops from the Goddess' head. Though debilitated and deserted for most part of the year, this temple and the festival is the essence of Purunagoda's tradition.
After graduating from Oxford, Jeffery moved into consultancy, in which he is currently employed by Boston Consulting Group.  He also turns out regularly for Grayswood Cricket Club in the I'anson Cricket League.
On 25 January 2010, Carrizalez resigned as both Defense Minister and Vice President for personal reasons.
On 25 February 2019, the Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) of the United States Department of the Treasury placed sanctions in effect against Carrizales and governors of 3 other Venezuelan states for alleged involvement in corruption and in blocking the delivery of humanitarian aid.
This biographical article related to the military of Venezuela is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Littledean Hall (grid reference SO672130) is a country house in the village of Littledean, Gloucestershire, England. It is has been described as one of the most haunted houses in England and is thought to be the oldest house in the United Kingdom which is still occupied. Saxon and Celtic remains have been uncovered in the cellars. Part of the house is designated an SSSI as it is a proven breeding roost for the Greater Horseshoe Bat (Rhinolophus ferrumequinum).
Originally a Saxon hall, then a church, it was then converted to a Norman hall, complete with a crypt and undercroft. Testing has shown that these remains date back to the 5th century. However, when records began of the house in 1080, it had evolved into a substantial medieval manor house which was eventually replaced with a Jacobean house in 1612.
The hall has seven bedrooms, a coach house, a dining room, sitting and drawing rooms, a stable, living room and cellar. The sweet chestnuts (Castanea sativa) which line the driveway are at least 500 years old and the remains of a Roman road have been found underneath the drive itself.
In 2007 the building suffered damage after lightning struck nearby and in 2008 the owners of the hall were ordered to rebuild a section of wall they had knocked down. The wall was deemed to be a Grade II listed building alongside the main hall.
There are at least three distinct tales which have been said to have led to hauntings at Littledean Hall. The first being the deaths of Colonel Congreve and Colonel Wigmore, who both died when the Kings garrison met with roundheads in the dining room. It is reported that visitors can still see the bloodstains where they fell.
In 1741 Charles Pyrke, former occupant of the house, was accused of raping the sister of his servant. The servant promptly murdered Pyrke before being put to death himself. The servant's ghost is thought by some to haunt the hall to this day and it has been reported to be carrying a candle. Two other Pyrke brothers are said to wander the halls, having killed each other in a duel in 1740.
Dean Hall Coach House & Cellar (grid reference SO672130) is a 0.02-hectare (0.049-acre) biological Site of Special Scientific Interest in Gloucestershire, notified in 1988. The site is listed in the 'Forest of Dean Local Plan Review' as a Key Wildlife Site (KWS).
The hall (coach house and cellar) is currently home to Greater horseshoe bats which makes it a Site of Special Scientific Interest which is closely monitored by Natural England. It is a significant breeding roost and its use has been recorded since 1986.  Local reports indicated that bats may have used the building for over 75 years.
The deciduous woodlands and sheltered valleys of the Forest of Dean and the Wye Valley provide a good feeding area, and the underground systems provide roosting and breeding sites. A ring of iron-ore bearing Carboniferous Limestone in the Forest of Dean has created a series of ancient and more recent mines which provide hibernation sites. The citations for the series of sites provide common information.
Wye Valley and Forest of Dean Bat Sites/ Safleoedd Ystlumod Dyffryn Gwy a Fforest y Ddena are recognised as a Special Area of Conservation (SAC) under the EU Habitats Directive.
  The 1887 Liverpool Exchange by-election was held on 26 January 1887 after the death of the incumbent Liberal MP David Duncan.  It was retained by the Liberal candidate Ralph Neville, with a narrow majority of 7 votes.
This by-elections to the Parliament of the United Kingdom in England-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Voluntary Target is a 1984 compilation LP album by guitarist Leo Kottke.  It includes all of Balance and Burnt Lips.
Tens of thousands of Polish proverbs exist; many have origins in the Middle Ages. The oldest known Polish proverb dates to 1407. A number of scholarly studies of Polish proverbs exist; and Polish proverbs have been collected in numerous dictionaries and similar works from the 17th century onward.
Ridabu is a village and borough in Hamar municipality, Norway. Prior to 1992 it was a part of the rural municipality Vang.
The album includes remakes of El Hadj M'Hamed El Anka's "El-H'mam" and Rabah Driassa and Blaoui Houari's "H'mama".
In the UK the Universal Music France album was licensed unchanged to Wrasse Records with the French album track listing and an extra DVD of music clips. The Wrasse Records release (Wrasse 127X) included the original French booklet with Arabic sung texts in French romanization and studio notes in French, but with a CD backing tray insert in English.
Lost in America is a 1985 American satirical road comedy film directed by Albert Brooks and co-written by Brooks with Monica Johnson. The film stars Brooks alongside Julie Hagerty as a married couple who decide to quit their jobs and travel across America.
David and Linda Howard are typical 1980s yuppies in Los Angeles, California, dissatisfied with their bourgeois lifestyle. He works in an advertising agency and she for a department store, but after failing to receive a expected promotion and instead being asked to transfer to the firm's New York office, David angrily insults his boss and is fired. David coaxes his wife to quit her job as well and seek a new adventure.
The Howards decide to sell their house, liquidate their assets, drop out of society, "like in Easy Rider", and travel the country in a Winnebago recreational vehicle. They leave LA with US$100,000 but their plans change drastically when Linda loses all their savings playing roulette at the Desert Inn Casino in Las Vegas, where David desperately and unsuccessfully persuades a casino manager to give the money back as a publicity gimmick.
Only a few days after beginning their pursuit of the dream of dropping out of society, David and Linda are living in a trailer park, nearly broke, and working dead-end jobs where they are accountable to brats. They decide that it is better to return to their old lifestyle as soon as possible. They point the Winnebago toward New York, where David begs for his old job back. An end card reveals he is rehired with a substantial pay cut but better dental care.
Brooks originally did not want to direct himself and had wanted Bill Murray for the part of David Howard.
Lost In America received mostly positive reviews from critics and holds a 97% rating on review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, based on thirty-six reviews. The site's consensus states: "A satire of the American fantasy of leaving it all behind, Lost in America features some of Albert Brooks' best, most consistent writing and cultural jabs." The film was a commercial success, though not a blockbuster. The film's script won the National Society of Film Critics award for Best Screenplay.
The film is #80 on Bravo's 100 Funniest Movies,[citation needed] and was listed at #84 on American Film Institute's AFI's 100 Years...100 Laughs in 2000.
Warner Home Video initially released the film on Betamax, VHS, and Laserdisc in 1985 and reissued it twice on video, in 1991 and 1997. The film made its DVD debut on April 3, 2001, and was made available for streaming on Netflix on July 1, 2016. Criterion released the Blu-ray on July 25, 2017.
Born in Greensburg, St. Helena Parish, Louisiana, Newton attended private schools in Bastrop, Louisiana, and the Louisiana State University, then at Alexandria, Louisiana. He taught school while he studied law. He was admitted to the bar in 1870 and commenced practice in Bastrop. 
He served as a member of the Louisiana State Senate from 1879 to 1883. He declined a judgeship in 1885.
He resumed the practice of law in Bastrop, for several years, and then moved to Monroe, Ouachita Parish, Louisiana, where he continued the practice of law until his death on May 26, 1910. He was interred in the New Cemetery, Bastrop.
Born and raised in St Albans, Ted had started his working life as a straw hat finisher, enlisting into the ranks of the Bedfordshire Regiment late in 1903 as Private 7602. Service in India until 1908 followed, at which time Ted returned to England when the battalion finished its tour of foreign service that year. His term in the regulars complete, Ted became a Reservist and spent time employed by the Deep Well Boring Works, for the St. Albans council and the Post Office Telephones Dept.
Following almost two weeks of fierce fighting for control of 'Murder Hill', Ted and his battalion were due for relief once darkness arrived on 1 May 1915, but at 6.30 p.m. that evening, a German gas attack was launched against the defenders of the hill. On the right, the 1st Battalion, Devonshire Regiment lost over 300 men in just moments, leaving the 1st Battalion, Bedfordshire Regiment on their left flank exposed.
As is often the case with the earlier war deaths from around Ypres, Ted's grave was lost in the fighting that continued to rage in the salient for a further 42 months and he is remembered on the Ypres (Menin Gate) Memorial to the missing.
The London Gazette (edition dated 29 June 1915) published the citation which accompanied the posthumous award of Edward Warner's Victoria Cross, reading:
For most conspicuous bravery near ' Hill 60 ' on 1st May, 1915. After Trench 46 had been vacated by our troops, consequent on a gas attack, Private Warner entered it single-handed in order to prevent the enemy taking possession. Reinforcements were sent to Private Warner, but could not reach him owing to the gas. He then came back and brought up more men, by which time he was completely exhausted, but the trench was held until the enemy's attack ceased. 
His Victoria Cross, along with his 1914 Star, Victory and British War Medals are displayed at the Bedfordshire and Hertfordshire Regimental Museum, Wardown Park, Luton, Bedfordshire, England.
Captured at sea, Wase was imprisoned at Gravesend, but escaped, and served in the Spanish army against the French. He was taken prisoner, but was released, and returned to England and became tutor to William, the eldest son of Philip Herbert, 5th Earl of Pembroke.
In 1655 Wase proceeded M.A. and was appointed headmaster of the royal free school in Dedham, Essex. From 1662 to 1668 he was headmaster of Tonbridge School, where the register states that he was B.D., and educated at the school Thomas Herbert, younger brother of William Herbert. In 1671 he became superior beadle at law and printer to the university of Oxford. He died on 29 August 1690, in Oxford.
In 1647 Nicholas Gray, the Head Master of Eton, published Wase's Greek version of Hugo Grotius's Baptizatorum Puerorum Institutio (other editions 1650, 1665, 1668, and 1682).
In 1654 Wase dedicated to his pupil William Herbert a translation of the Cynegeticon of Faliscus Gratius. Edmund Waller addressed a copy of verses to Wase on this performance.
In 1668, Wase published the first complete English-language edition of Phaedrus's Fables. In 1678, he produced a survey of free schools throughout all of England; in many cases, his survey is the only surviving record of those schools' existence. Considerations concerning Free Schools in England (Oxford, 1678) urged an increase in the number of schools, and the claims of scholars on the wealthy.
Thomas Hearne, in his preface to John Leland's Itinerary, refers to Wase as an "eminent philologer". His manuscripts were preserved in the library of Corpus Christi College, Oxford. A small oval portrait is mentioned by James Granger.
One day, Tara and Shirley go to an antique shop owned by Anthony Pereira, who has feelings for the latter. Shirley wants to have her toys repaired, and Tara suggests that they approach her grandfather who can repair them. Shirley invites Anthony to her house that night for a date, and he readily accepts. Meanwhile, Tara gets Tipu to assist her grandfather in repairing the toys, which helps the duo bond well. He finds Tipu to be a very keen assistant and agrees to let him stay with them.
The film was made by frame-by-frame painted animation in computer and took 18 months with 60 artists.
Blech was born to a Jewish family in Aachen, Rhenish Prussia.  After attending the Hochschule in Berlin where he studied piano with Ernst Rudorff and composition from Woldemar Bargiel, he studied privately with Engelbert Humperdinck.
Blech made recordings of operatic and orchestral music for the Deutsche Grammophon, HMV, Ultraphon/Telefunken, Decca, and Elite record labels.
Blech also composed orchestral works, choral works, chamber works, and songs (famous his Kinderlieder)
Born in Croatia (at the time part of Yugoslavia), Perovic emigrated to Ballarat in Australia with his family in 1958, at the age of four. Despite starting his career as a wingman, Perovic played mostly as a defender and was a centre half-back when he first represented Victoria in 1978. After 77 games with St Kilda during the 1970s he moved to Carlton in a trade involving Alex Jesaulenko. He was a member of Carlton premiership teams in 1981 and 1982, playing in the back pocket.
Perovic often polled well in the Brownlow Medal, finishing as St Kilda's top vote-getter in the 1978 award and twice for Carlton, which included an eighth placing in 1983.
On 17 September 1984, Val famously drank 37 375ml VB cans in 2 hours in front of Carlton teammates at the Cricket Club Hotel in Clarendon St South Melbourne.
He was appointed player/manager of Galway United in 1988 when they were in the relegation zone. Despite helping save the club from relegation his contract was unilaterally terminated by United in May 1989.
McDonagh qualified to play for Ireland through his father Michael who was from the parish of Midfield Co. Mayo.[citation needed]
In February 2018 the 'Future Dorset' plan was approved by the Secretary of State for Housing, Communities and Local Government Sajid Javid, which meant that Bournemouth, Christchurch and Poole borough councils were merged into one unitary authority in April 2019.
Hexadactilia trilobata is a moth of the family Pterophoridae described by Thomas Bainbrigge Fletcher in 1910. It is found in Australia in Queensland and New Guinea.
This article on a moth of the family Pterophoridae is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The following is an overview of 1923 in film, including significant events, a list of films released and notable births and deaths.
On 14 December 2009, Neon Highwire digitally released their debut EP titled Luminescence to mostly positive reviews. The release was self recorded and mastered at The Exchange studio by Simon Davey. It was physically released on 20 January 2010.
The band made the track "Fantasy Land (Christmas In The TerrorZone)" available for a free download on the sites SoundCloud and Last.fm on 24 December 2009, which contains a spoken word sample of Rutger Hauer taken from the film Blade Runner. A Hail! Perestroika remix of the track was released as part of a series of advent calendar gifts from the music blog Never Enough Notes in 2010.
In May 2010, Neon Highwire released the download only single "Bear At The Bus Stop", with an accompanying promotional video.  Later in the year on 10 December 2010, the song "Neon Blink", originally from the Luminescence EP, was released as a digital single on Blue Dove Records with a number of remixes of the track as b-sides from artists such as Fresh:Mesh, Sizeable Moth Hat and Christian Paduraru.
On 26 January 2011, the band released a song titled "Kim Jong Il Looking At Things" in homage to the website of the same name.  The song was adopted as the "National Anthem" for the website and subsequently featured in the B3ta newsletter.
During 2011, a number of Neon Highwire remixes appeared on the Digital House Moments, Sunset 2 Sunrise Volume 9 and Electro House Essentials Volume 7 compilation releases from Blue Dove Records.
On 24 January 2014, the Synth City Records Compilation Volume 1 was released featuring the exclusive track "Gyrophant" from Neon Highwire.
On 29 January 2016, the band released one last EP titled Bookreader to coincide with their break up.
The battalion is notable in that it was the only battalion, of any kind, in the history of the United States Army to have entered combat as both an officially designated amphibious and airborne unit (though the Glider Infantry Regiments of the 11th Airborne Division conducted amphibious assaults in World War II).[citation needed]
The 37th Engineer Battalion was first activated on 16 January 1918, as 1st Battalion, 37th Engineer Regiment, whose primary function was electrical and mechanical engineering. During World War I, the battalion participated in the Battle of Saint-Mihiel and the Meuse-Argonne Offensive as a member of the American Expeditionary Force. Following the war, the 37th Engineer Regiment was inactivated in March 1919.
The Battalion lost First Sergeant Christopher C. Rafferty in support of (Operation Enduring Freedom). He was fatally injured while coordinating a response to a mortar strike July, 21st 2006 in Sharana, Afghanistan. The Battalion held a ceremony on Rafferty Field named in his honor after their redeployment back to Ft. Bragg.
The colors of the 37th Engineer Battalion were inactivated again effective 16 September 2010 when the unit was reflagged as the 307th.
The 37th Engineer Battalion was officially reactivated as part of the 2d Brigade Combat Team, 82d Airborne Division on 16 October 2013. This was accomplished by inactivating and reorganizing the Special Troops Battalion ("Green Falcons")[permanent dead link], 2d BCT. A ceremony was held on 15 November 2013 at Fort Bragg, NC, to case the colors of the STB and to uncase the colors and activate the 37th Engineer Battalion ("Eagle Battalion").
Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Anne Bouverot (born 21 March 1966) is a French business executive. She is currently Chairperson of the Board of Technicolor, provider of visual effects and animation services for moving images and supplier of set-top boxes and gateways. In August 2015, she was appointed chair and CEO of the French electronic security company Morpho after spending four years as director general and board member of the GSM Association (GSMA).
While she was with GSMA, Bouverot promoted initiatives for attracting more women to work in the mobile and ICT sectors, launching the Connected Women programme which hosts events around the world. She has also been instrumental in organizing the GSMA's Mobile World Congress in Barcelona. Held each year, the event attracts prominent speakers from the mobile and related fields.
Massachusetts House of Representatives' 18th Middlesex district in the United States is one of 160 legislative districts included in the lower house of the Massachusetts General Court. It covers part of the city of Lowell in Middlesex County. Democrat Rady Mom of Lowell has represented the district since 2015.
The current district geographic boundary overlaps with that of the Massachusetts Senate's 1st Middlesex district.
This biographical article related to association football in France, about a forward born in the 1980s, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about a railroad station in Punjab, Pakistan is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Canadian Chamber of Commerce and local chambers and boards of trade across Canada collaborate with BDC on organizing Small Business Week events. Over the years, other Crown corporations and large companies have also participated as sponsors. Each year, hundreds of activities across Canada attract thousands of business people to Small Business Week. Small Business Week has been a registered trademark of the Business Development Bank of Canada since 1986.
Each year Small Business Week has a theme reflecting the challenges entrepreneurs face at the time. Here is a list of themes over the past few years: 
A national events calendar is maintained by BDC to publicize local events and inform entrepreneurs about what's happening in their area.
Piranhas is a historic municipality near the western limit of the State of Alagoas, in the Northeast Region of Brazil.
It was also known as Porto de Piranhas, because fishermen caught piranhas (a carnivorous predator fish) there.
Shondel Nichole Archer (born 9 December 1990) is an American-born Guyanese retired footballer who played as a forward. She has been a member of the Guyana women's national team.
Archer attended the Woodbridge High School in Lake Ridge, Virginia. After graduating there, she joined the University of Richmond in Richmond, Virginia. She played for the Northern Virginia Majestics.
Archer qualified to play for Guyana through her parents. She capped for the Lady Jags' at senior level during the 2010 CONCACAF Women's World Cup Qualifying qualification.
This biographical article related to women's association football in Guyana is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
At that time, the zoo displayed mainly Hungarian species and some rare species of monkeys, parrots, camels, and kangaroos, among others. Franz Joseph and Queen Elizabeth donated a giraffe and other animals to the zoo. The first lion house opened in 1876 with lions and tigers. An elephant, a hippopotamus, and a rhinoceros joined later on.
However, the initial enthusiasm waned and popularity of the zoo decreased. The new animals were expensive and the expenses of the company founded by the patriots exceeded the revenues. The management hired entertainers and comedians and the corporation was transformed into an animal and plant naturalizing company.
The development was interrupted by the First World War. The zoo was almost entirely destroyed in the Second World War. At the siege of Budapest, the zoo was bombed and most buildings and animals were destroyed. After the siege, the remaining animals were eaten by the starving people of Budapest. From 2,000 specimens only 15 survived.
In 1945, the zoo re-opened with a few dozen animals. The damage was restored slowly. In the 1950s and 1960s, there was a major modernization. Between 1956 and 1967, the Director General of the zoo was Dr. Csaba Anghi. Under his guidance, the zoo became once again one of the most modern zoos of Europe.
The newest attraction of the zoo is The Magical Hill, found in the Great Rock. It presents the diversity of flora and fauna, the evolving of the diversity and the relationship between humankind and nature. It features more than 100 species, interactive games, and illustrative models.
America Tropicana is the new name of the Palm-house. It presents the flora and fauna of the tropical climate American continent.
The Savannah Zone displays giraffes, gazelles, white rhinoceros, and many species of birds. The building also displays small mammals and insects.
Australia Zone is found next to the Great Lake. It displays unique birds, reptiles, and amphibians of Australia. The showrooms of the northern part of the house presents animals active at night in reversed lighting scheme. The Hillhouse is also a part of the Australia Zone. It displays cassowaries, kangaroos, and wombats.
The building named after the first director of the zoo represents the wildlife of South-East Asian flora and fauna.
Special highlights of the fair include Brand Name Gallery, an attractive setting for fashionable timepieces by top brands, and Pageant of Eternity, designed to highlight the beauty and craftsmanship of watches at the high end of the spectrum. 
Carposina irrorata is a moth of the family Carposinidae. It was first described by Lord Walsingham in 1907. It is endemic to the Hawaiian island of Lanai.
West Sabine High School is a public high school located in Pineland, Texas (USA) and classified as a 2A school by the UIL. It is part of the West Sabine Independent School District located in western Sabine County. West Sabine High School was formed in 1961 by the consolidation of Bronson and Pineland High Schools. In 2015, the school was rated "Met Standard" by the Texas Education Agency.
Darwin S. Karr (1875-1945)  was an American stage and silent film actor. He appeared in over 140 films up to 1922. He began appearing in films by the Vitagraph company. He was married to Florence Bindley.
Blackburn Park Road F.C. was a football team formed in 1875. They played in Blackburn, Lancashire, near to the railway station.
This article about an English association football club is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Greg Schwager is a retired American soccer defender who played professionally in the United States, Germany and Denmark.
This biographical article related to an American soccer defender is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
He is the general editor of The Complete Works of Andrew Fuller, a project that publishes "a modern critical edition of the entire corpus of Andrew Fuller's published and unpublished works." Though Haykin was trained as a Patristic scholar, he also developed himself in the area of 18th-century British evangelicalism, particularly the English Particular Baptist history and spirituality.
Haykin is a prolific writer having authored numerous books, over 250 articles and over 150 book reviews. He is also an accomplished editor with numerous editorial credits.
In 2018 Haykin was elected as a Fellow of the Royal Historical Society in recognition of his contributions to historical scholarship.
Haykin was born in England of Irish and Kurdish parents. He grew up in Birmingham, England and Coventry, England, before moving to Canada with his family when he was twelve.
Haykin was converted to Christ in 1974. He attended Wycliffe College at the University of Toronto from 1974 to 1982, earning a doctorate in patristics, supervised by John P. Egan, S.J.
Haykin served as principal and professor of church history and biblical spirituality at Toronto Baptist Seminary in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, from 2003 to 2007. Previously, he was a professor at Heritage Theological Seminary from 1993 to 1999 and at Central Baptist Seminary from 1982 to 1993. He was the editorial director of Joshua Press from 1999 to 2002. He was appointed to the faculty of the Southern Baptist Theological Seminary in 2007.
Russell D. Moore, dean of the School of Theology and senior vice president for academic administration at Southern Seminary was quoted as saying:
Its logo is a seal with a thick green outer rim reading the club name and the foundation date on the bottom, inside is a large football (soccer ball) and a smaller one with Pico do Fogo in the middle and "Cutelinho" on the bottom.
Its uniform colors is a yellow t-shirt with light (French) green shorts for home games and a white-green striped t-shirt with white sleeves with green rims at the end and green socks for away/alternate games.  White socks are used for both.
From September 2014 to early April 2017, green-white striped T-shirt for home games and a white T-shirt with yellow sleeves for away games.  Black Shorts and green socks are used for both home and away matches.
On 28 July 1419 Conrad crowned Sigismund of Luxembourg as King of Bohemia. Conrad took the side of the Hussites during the Hussite Wars, despite remaining a Catholic prelate, and was deposed as archbishop by the Roman Curia.
Conrad was the probable original owner of a richly illuminated manuscript Bible, now known as the Antwerp Bible from its survival in the Museum Plantin-Moretus, Antwerp.
Liu Kai (947-1000) was born at Daming in modern southernmost Hebei. He was known to be a highly accomplished scholar as well as a ruthless commander. Jiang Shaoyu (fl. 1115-1145) accused him of cannibalism and eating the minced livers of human beings, but this is likely a literary expression meant to evoke imagery of savageness rather than something to be taken literally.
She also finished second once and third twice in the quadriennial World Team Olympiad, women flight. As of September 2011 she held historic rank 24 among European Grand Masters, Women category. (Female players commonly have rankings and may be grand masters in the open category too.)
Born in London, Brunner attended the Henrietta Barnett School in Hampstead Garden Suburb, London, where she learned and practised her bridge playing skills during her sixth form years.
Following this, she went to Manchester University where she read Italian and French, but her increasing involvement in bridge meant that she left without getting her degree to work in the travel industry for Thomas Cook for seventeen years. At university, she met and played with John Holland, who would also become an international player. He soon became her partner in life as well as in bridge, and they married in 2008.
Brunner was a World Bridge Federation Life Master and an English Bridge Union (EBU) Premier Grand Master.
Her Venice Cup win in 1985 was achieved as partner to Gill Scott-Jones on the Great Britain team. However the pair did not play enough boards to qualify for the title of World Champions. In 1980 she and Pat Davies were part of the Great Britain team that finished third in the World Team Olympiad, but the pair did not play enough boards to qualify for bronze medals.[citation needed]
In 1988 the Great Britain team finished second and Brunner, as partner to Sandra Landy, did earn the silver medal. In 2004, she was part of the England team in the Olympiad which finished third, and received a bronze medal partnering Rhona Goldenfield.
In mixed and women's events she won gold and bronze medals in the Common Market Championships and gold, silver and bronze in the European Championships. Partnering John Holland, she was part of three England teams which won the Camrose Trophy. Brunner was also in winning teams in the Lady Milne competition, the equivalent of the Camrose Trophy for women teams, on seven occasions.[citation needed]
She turned professional in 1995, when she launched her Mobile School of Bridge. Brunner taught beginning and intermediate players until 2006. She did private teaching, as well as offering her services as a professional partner. As well as writing articles for bridge magazines, she wrote two books.
Toledo was born in Ixtepec, Oaxaca, Mexico in 1970, and lives and works in Mexico City. Toledo is the daughter of Mexican artist Francisco Toledo. Her siblings include artist Dr. Lakra and poet Natalia Toledo.
She began as a photographer, and later incorporated drawing, painting, video, sound and sculpture into her work. From January to March 2009, she was an artist in residence at Gasworks, a contemporary art organisation in South London, UK. She has been on the artists council of and is a co-founder of SOMA, an educational art space in Mexico City which hosts international artists, curators, critics, and art historians in residential programs.
Laureana is inspired by the imperceptible or transient moments of the everyday, speculating on how such phenomena can gain new forms of visual presentation. Her work often involves systematic and repetitive interventions into different media (texts, books, photographs, painitngs, etc.) to re-code their existing narratives.
In 2019, Toledo exhibited an installation at Museo Jumex in Mexico City. She selected books, records and films from Mick Jones's, of The Clash, private collection.
Board of Secondary Education, Rajasthan  (abbreviated BSER) is a board of education for school level education in the Indian state Rajasthan. RBSE is a state agency of the Government of Rajasthan and has its headquarters in Ajmer. Board is responsible for promotion and development of secondary education in Rajasthan state. BSER was set up in the year 1957 and constituted under the Rajasthan Secondary Education Act 1957. Results of examinations conducted by BSER can be accessed via website.
Hyperaminoacidemia refers to the condition of having an excess of amino acids in the bloodstream. There is evidence that hyperaminoacidemia increases protein synthesis and anabolism.
This article about an endocrine, nutritional, or metabolic disease is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Uki Goshi, also known as floating hip, is a type of hip throw. To execute the throw, the person throwing (known as tori) pulls the person being thrown, (known as uke) up and forward putting them off balance. Tori places uke round his/her back while turning so that the side of his/her hip is in close contact with uke and pulling uke's arm around. Tori then twists uke around using tori's back and hip as a pivot point.
Tori's leading leg barely blocks uke's leading leg and tori is initially slightly sideways to uke rather than completely giving his back. It relies on a high level of skill but can be used more easily against heavier people than O Goshi.
Uki goshi was developed by Jigoro Kano in the nineteenth century while he was studying Jujutsu in Japan.  Kano went on to create Judo and in 1895 he included Uki goshi in the first standard syllabus of Judo throws called the gokyo no waza.
Christine Battersby FRSA (born 3 March 1946) is a British philosopher and Reader Emerita in Philosophy at the University of Warwick. She was the visiting Fleishhacker Chair of Philosophy at the University of San Francisco during April 2013. Battersby is a Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts. She is known for her research on feminist aesthetics.
The Supreme Intelligence is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The Supreme Intelligence is an artificial intelligence that rules the alien race known as the Kree.
The Supreme Intelligence made its film debut in Captain Marvel (2019), set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, portrayed by Annette Bening.
The Supreme Intelligence, also known as The Supremor, first appears in Fantastic Four #65 (Aug 1967) and was created by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby. It was introduced as a supercomputer that consists of the greatest minds of the Kree people for the last million years and it figures as their leader. The Kree build the Supremor, after the Skrulls built their own superweapon, the Cosmic Cube. Its main purpose is to further the development of the Kree at any cost.
The Supreme Intelligence was initially a supporting character in first run of Captain Marvel featuring the original Mar-Vell.
It made appearances as a supporting character and antagonist in the third volume of Silver Surfer and the first run of Ms. Marvel.
It returned as the main antagonist for the 19-part crossover event called Operation: Galactic Storm, also known as the Kree/Shi'ar War. Which features the Kree, Shi'ar, Avengers and Quasar, in which the Avengers intervened in an intergalactic war between the alien Kree and Shi'ar empires. The event introduced the Starforce team, who was created by The Supremor.
The Supreme Intelligence next appeared in the crossover storyline Annihilation and Annihilation: Conquest, it was supplanted by House Fiyero and who drove his greatest supporter Ronan into exile. Only the Kree were hit by the Annihilation Wave. Ronan lead a coup against the merchant house, slaughtering them and taking control of the empire. The Supremor was lobotomized however and put out of it misery.
During the Infinity, the Kree were attacked by the Builders. The Supremor surrendered and refused to rebel even after the Builder in charge of Hala was destroyed by the Avengers. This resulted in Ronan and his accusers to attack it. The Kree alongside the Avengers defeated the Builders. Supremor accepted Ronan and his Accusers back into the fold without any known punishment.
The last appearance the Supreme Intelligence made, was during The Black Vortex storyline. The Kree find an ancient weapon of mass power on their homeworld Hala, which attracts various groups to the homeworld. During the event, Mr. Knife of the Spartax blows up the planet along with the Supreme Intelligence.
Eventually, the Supreme Intelligence developed a mind of its own and refused to create the Cosmic Cube knowing the dangers that could be wrought by an evolved Cosmic Cube, which was what had destroyed massive parts of the Skrull Empire.
Despite this, it was allowed to continue to exist to serve the Kree with its wisdom. Its influence eventually grew to the point where it replaced the Kree government as Ruler of the Kree Empire, although it has occasionally been subsequently deposed for periods of time. Most of the Kree are fanatically devoted to it, and its worship is an organized religion.
During the "Operation: Galactic Storm" storyline, the Supremor secretly arranged to have a "Nega-Bomb" (a device producing a special kind of radiation gathered from the Negative Zone) detonated in the Kree Galaxy, hoping its energies would reactivate the Kree's genetic potential. But in the process, billions of Kree were killed. This led a group of Avengers to decide to execute it for genocide, against the wishes of the rest of the team.
Supremor reached the Kree Empire and had a new housing constructed for it, as it soon managed to obtain the Forever Crystal, a very powerful mystical artifact, from Kang the Conqueror, and used it to advance the Kree's evolution, creating a supposedly new race, the Ruul. Through them, it manipulated the Intergalactic Council into turning against the Earth, but its plans were stopped by the Avengers.
During the "Infinity" storyline, the Supreme Intelligence and Ronan the Accuser appeared as members of the Galactic Council. While initially helpful with the Galactic Council's efforts to halt the march of the Builders, the Intelligence commanded its people to surrender once the Kree homeworld was taken by the Builders. After Ronan and his Accuser Corps fractured away to continue the battle, the Supreme Intelligence gave them blanket amnesty upon the success of the campaign.
The Inhuman Royal Family's expedition led by Noh-Varr later arrived on Hala. Noh-Varr planted the a seed from We-Plex Supreme Intelligence System from Earth-200080 into the Supreme Intelligence's remains. This resulted in the resurrection of the Plex Intelligence as it absorbs the material from the other Supreme Intelligence.
During the "Infinity Countdown" storyline, this new form of the Supreme Intelligence was renamed the Extreme Intelligence. It planned to have the Infinity Gems acquired so that it can resurrect the Kree empire.
Supremor is also capable of manipulating energy and matter, as well as create up to three remote controlled android servitors as surrogate bodies, that act as its eyes and ears when away from itself. These androids, called Supremor also, possess some degree of independence when created, but are totally loyal to Supremor.
It projects images of itself across space, Cyberspace and even into the Astral Plane, in the form of a huge, amorphous, greenish, humanoid face, with tentacle-like "hair", to communicate with its agents scattered across the cosmos. It has even assumed the form of an orange dragon with a green-skinned octopus as its head, called the Multitude.
Its power was enhanced when it merged with an inert Cosmic Cube, which now serves as its true housing, kept in a separate room from the organic computer facade it created to fool would-be assassins. Upon assuming its new housing, Supremor was now able to control reality within a limited distance of itself, as well as able to open up portals between dimensions, most notably the Astral Plane and the dimension of Death.
The Supreme Intelligence did show an ability to dominate Earth technology remotely and to teleport itself and the ship short distances.[citation needed] It was also shown to control insectlike creatures that inhabited the ship.[citation needed] All these powers were achieved via transmission of a signal called "The Omni-Wave."
Mayer has published numerous works on electoral politics. With Pascal Perrineau (fr), she co-directed a large group that studied the National Front. Her research focuses on electoral sociology, in particular that of the National Front and the French far right. She also studies associative activism, racism and anti-Semitism.
Mayer also participates in the Racism and Xenophobia European Network, and in the Group Focused Enmity comparative survey led by Wilhelm Heitmeyer. In February 2016, she was appointed member of the scientific council of the Inter-Ministerial Delegation to Combat Racism and Anti-Semitism, chaired by Dominique Schnapper.
HighNote Records is a jazz record company and label founded by Joe Fields with his son, Barney Fields, in 1997.
Joe Fields worked for Prestige Records in the 1960s, and in the 1970s founded Muse Records. After he sold Muse, he started the Highnote and Savant labels with his son, Barney. Many of the artists on Highnote previously recorded for Muse.
The catalogue includes Cindy Blackman, Larry Coryell, Joey DeFrancesco, Charles Earland, Russell Gunn, Etta Jones, Sheila Jordan, Houston Person, and Jimmy Ponder.
Daron Malakian and Scars on Broadway (previously known as just Scars on Broadway) is an American rock band founded by Daron Malakian of the metal band System of a Down. The band's self-titled debut album was released in July 2008.
In late 2008, the band entered a hiatus, with Malakian citing a lack of enthusiasm and "his heart not being into touring" as the primary reasons for the band's cessation. Despite reforming with various line-up changes in 2010 and 2012 and announcing a second album, the band ceased any further announcements by 2013. In April 2018, Malakian announced that the band would be releasing their second album titled Dictator in July 2018.
After Malakian and Dolmayan experimented with different musicians, for a period of nine months in 2007 the band took form and forged its sound in intense rehearsals and recording sessions under Malakian's direction at his home studio and Sunset Sound; with musicians Danny Shamoun on keyboards, Dominic Cifarelli on bass, and Franky Perez on guitar and backing vocals. The band begun recording their debut album in September 2007.
The band's website featured a countdown timer, counting down to 15:00 PST on March 28, 2008. Additionally, above the timer, in quotation marks was the phrase "They say it's all about to end." When the countdown ended, the song "They Say" was made available on the site and their Myspace account.
Scars on Broadway played their first live show April 11, 2008 at the Whisky a Go Go in Los Angeles. They also played with Metallica at KFMA Day 2008 in Tucson, Arizona. On January 22, 2008, Scars on Broadway were announced to be performing at the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival on April 26, 2008. They also performed at the sixteenth annual KROQ Weenie Roast.
On May 2, 2008, the band announced that their debut album, Scars on Broadway, would be released on July 28, 2008. A week later, the band was signed to Interscope Records. The first single would be the aforementioned "They Say", which would receive radio airplay, and be made available on Guitar Hero 5 and as a downloadable track on Rock Band. The music video for the track was released on June 27.
In July, the band announced a headlining tour set for October 2008. Scars on Broadway was released on July 28, 2008, to generally favorable reviews and debuted at No. 17 on the Billboard charts. A second single, "World Long Gone", was released on September 8, and featured a music video directed by filmmaker Joel Schumacher.
On April 10, 2010, the band announced their return show. On May 2, Scars on Broadway played a sold out show at The Troubadour in West Hollywood. The band performed all of the songs off their first album (except for "Kill Each Other / Live Forever"), as well as a new song "Talkin' Shit". They also played a cover song "Forever My Queen" by the band Pentagram. System of a Down bassist Shavo Odadjian accompanied and played 3rd guitar for "Cute Machines" and "They Say".
On July 29, 2010, a new song titled "Fucking" was released on SoundCloud, using a special feature where users had to share the song on social media to unlock the download. On August 20, 2010, Scars on Broadway played a sold out show at the Avalon in Hollywood. The first 500 people in line at the concert received a free copy of the single on vinyl. A music video for "Fucking" was later released in March 2011, using footage from the concert.
Despite plans for an untitled album to be out early 2013 mentioned at live shows, no new information regarding the album was given until 2018.
EU Member State(Eurozone Member State)(Schengen Area Member State)NATO Member StateCouncil of Europe Member StateOECD Member State
Through NJPW's working relationship with the American Ring of Honor (ROH) and the British Revolution Pro Wrestling (RPW) promotions, he has also won the ROH World Television Championship once and is a two-time RPW British Heavyweight Champion.
"Ishii is the ultimate example of a guy who was destined to just be a decent worker on the undercard, who garnered a cult following in Tokyo, which spread to the rest of the country and resulted in him getting a push."
In 2016, Ishii starred in the music video for "Darling" by May's, the same artist that produced his ring theme song, "Stone Pitbull".
Chung joined Sun Source when he was 15 years old. In 2015, Chung joined Hong Kong Premier League club Dreams Metro Gallery. On 30 January 2016, Chung scored his first goal in his football career against Hong Kong Pegasus, which the match wins 3:0.
On 12 July 2016, Chung was introduced as a Hong Kong Pegasus player during the club's season opening training session.
On 11 November 2018, Chung made his debut for the national team and scored an important goal to help Hong Kong defeat Chinese Taipei 2-1. The performance was appreciated by the coaches and fans.
This biographical article related to Hong Kong association football is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
It is located in the Madlener House in Chicago's Gold Coast neighborhood. As of 2018, the Graham Foundation has awarded over 4,400 grants.
In July 2020, The Graham Foundation for Advanced Studies in the Fine Arts reported a total of 52 awards worth $320,800. Grants will fund important projects tackling and shaping the future of architecture and the developed environment.
The Graham Foundation aims to foster dialogue and expand the audience around architecture and its impacts on society and culture. To that end, the organization hosts galleries, an outdoor collection of architectural fragments, an archive of grantee publications, and a ballroom for lectures and events open to the public. Notable architects including Rem Koolhaas, Denise Scott Brown, Robert Venturi, Buckminster Fuller, and Louis Kahn have lectured and held exhibitions there.
The Graham Foundation Bookshop, also located in the Madlener house, houses grant-funded titles, international periodicals, and rare publications on architecture, urbanism, and related fields.
Beloit is a city in Rock County, Wisconsin, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city had a population of 36,966 people.
Beloit was originally named New Albany (after Albany, Vermont) in 1837 by its founder, Caleb Blodgett. The name was changed to Beloit in 1838. The name was coined to be reminiscent of Detroit.
Beloit lays claim to such inventions as the speedometer, Korn Kurls, and John Francis Appleby's twine binder. Korn Kurls, which resemble Cheetos, was the original puffed cheese snack.
Beloit's 1889 Water Tower Place began demolition in 1935, which was halted because of the cost. A historic pump station is nearby.
The Fairbanks Flats were built in 1917 to house the rush of African Americans moving to the area from the Southern United States.
Pearsons Hall of Science was designed by the architectural firm Burnham and Root for Beloit College as a science center.
The Castle at 501 Prospect was built as First Presbyterian Church in 1902. It now operates as a Performing Arts Center and Music School.
Downtown Beloit is the city's historic economic, cultural and social center. North of the confluence of the Rock River and Turtle Creek, the downtown is anchored by a core of historic buildings and the Ironworks office and industrial campus. Beloit's riverfront park system, mainly Riverside Park, extends north of downtown along the east bank toward the Town of Beloit.
The city is adjacent to the Town of Beloit, Town of Turtle, and the Illinois municipality of South Beloit.
Most of Beloit's development is occurring on the east side, adjacent to Interstates 39/90 and Interstate 43, where the city annexed rural land for Beloit Gateway Industrial Park, as well as in the newly revitalized downtown along the Rock River.
There were 13,781 households, of which 36.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.6% were married couples living together, 18.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.7% were non-families. 29.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.16.
The median age in the city was 33.1 years. 27.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 12.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.7% were from 25 to 44; 23.1% were from 45 to 64; 12% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.9% male and 52.1% female.
Beloit is represented by Janis Ringhand and Stephen Nass in the Wisconsin State Senate, Amy Loudenbeck and Mark Spreitzer in the Wisconsin State Assembly, Mark Pocan in the United States House of Representatives, and Ron Johnson and Tammy Baldwin in the United States Senate.
Beloit has a council-manager system of government, with seven council members, each elected for two-year terms. Four members are elected in even years and three in odd years. City council elections are held annually in April. The city council establishes policies for the city and appoints a city manager to implement those policies. The current city manager, Lori S. Curtis Luther, was appointed on June 1, 2015.
Industries with headquarters in Beloit include ABC Supply Company, Bio-Systems International, Broaster Company, Fairbanks-Morse Defense, Hendricks Holding Company, Murmac Paint Manufacturing, PlayMonster, and Regal Beloit.
Downtown Beloit is a dense cluster of mostly small shops and boutiques. The area has been recognized for increased investment and renewal since the 1990s. Upscale downtown condominiums and hotels were introduced after 2000 with the construction of the Hotel Hilton Apartments (2001), the Beloit Inn (now the Ironworks Hotel, 2003), Heritage View (2005), and the Phoenix Project (2013).
From the 1990s to 2011, downtown Beloit received direct public and private investment totaling more than $75 million. In 2011, Beloit was a Great American Main Street Award winner. In 2012, Beloit was listed #17 on Travel and Leisure's list of America's Greatest Mainstreets.
The School District of Beloit serves more than 6,800 students in six primary schools, four intermediate schools, and one high school, with alternative programming and charter schools. Beloit Memorial High School is the city's public high school. The Roy Chapman Andrews Academy, a project-based charter school, is part of the School District of Beloit and serves grades 6 through 12.
Beloit College, a private liberal arts college with undergraduate enrollment around 1,300, is in the city, with the main campus adjacent to downtown. The campus has a number of prehistoric Native American mounds.
Beloit is also home to Concordia University's Beloit location, Beloit Center. The center offers courses designed for working adults interested in getting their associate's, bachelor's, and graduate degrees.
Beloit's main newspaper is The Beloit Daily News, a daily (published Monday through Friday) paper owned by Adams Publishing Group, LLC, and serving the Wisconsin/Illinois stateline area. The Janesville Gazette, also owned by Adams Publishing Group, also serves Beloit.
Beloit is a part of the Madison television market, but due to its proximity to Rockford, stations from Rockford also serve the city and report on stories and information (weather, school closings, etc.) relating to Beloit.
Radio stations serving Beloit include WBCR (90.3 FM), a variety-formatted station owned by The Board of Trustees of Beloit College, '90s hits station WBEL (1380 AM), classic country station WGEZ (1490 AM), Janesville-based stations WCLO (1230 AM) and WJVL (99.9 FM), and Fort Atkinson-based WSJY (107.3 FM).
Beloit is home to a professional minor league baseball team, the Beloit Snappers, who play in the Midwest League and are the High A affiliate of the Miami Marlins. The Snappers play their games at ABC Supply Stadium. Until August 3, 2021, they played at Harry C. Pohlman Field.
The Beloit Transit System is the primary provider of mass transportation. Four regular routes provide service from Monday through Saturday. In collaboration with the Janesville Transit System, BTS operates an express route between the two cities.
Beloit Airport is a small public-use GA airport within the city. It offers hangars for storing aircraft, gliders, and sky diving.
Southern Wisconsin Regional Airport is a public airport north of Beloit in Rock County. Formerly known as Rock County Airport, it is owned and operated by the Rock County government. The airport has no scheduled commercial passenger service.
Dane County Regional Airport and Rockford International Airport are the closest airports to Beloit that offer scheduled airline service.
In 1934, Fieger was blacklisted by the Nazi Party, though he continued to produce architectural work anonymously.
Following World War II Fieger participated in the rebuilding of Dessau and was involved in Hubert Hoffmann's efforts to reopen the Bauhaus.
In a short period of time, the company produced four classics of the period: Plunder of Peach and Plum (dir. Ying Yunwei), Children of Troubled Times (dir. Xu Xingzhi), Cityscape (dir. Yuan Muzhi), and Spirit of Freedom (dir. Situ Huimin) (also known as The Goddess of Freedom).
The word Vellalar may come from the root Vellam for flood, which gave rise to various rights of land; and it is because of the acquisition of land rights that the Vellalar got their name.
The Vellalars have a long cultural history that goes back to over two millennia in southern India, where once they were the ruling and land-owning community.
According to the anthropologist Kathleen Gough, "the Vellalars were the dominant secular aristocratic caste under the Chola kings, providing the courtiers, most of the army officers, the lower ranks of the kingdom's bureaucracy, and the upper layer of the peasantry".
The Vellalars who were land owners and tillers of the soil and held offices pertaining to land, were ranked as Sat-Sudra in the 1901 census; with the Government of Madras recognising that the 4-fold division (four varnas) did not describe the South Indian, or Dravidian, society adequately. Following the arrival of Dutch missionaries in the early 18th century, some Vellalar converted to Christianity.
The Vellalars of Sri Lanka have been chronicled in the Yalpana Vaipava Malai and other historical texts of the Jaffna kingdom. They form half of the Sri Lankan Tamil population and are the major husbandmen, involved in tillage and cattle cultivation. Local Sri Lankan literature, such as the Kailiyai Malai, an account on Kalinga Magha, narrates the migration of Vellala Nattar chiefs from the Coromandel Coast to Sri Lanka.
Their dominance rose under Dutch rule and they formed one of the colonial political elites of the island.
Mac Ruth is an American sound mixer. He has worked on numerous films, including Underworld (2003), The Cave (2005), Eragon (2006), Hansel & Gretel: Witch Hunters (2013). Hercules (2014), The Martian (2015), Spy (2015), among others.
He was nominated at the 88th Academy Awards in the category of Best Sound Mixing for The Martian. His nomination was shared with Paul Massey and Mark Taylor.
He was also nominated at the 89th Academy Awards and the 90th Academy Awards for his work on 13 Hours: The Secret Soldiers of Benghazi and Blade Runner 2049, respectively.
This biographical article related to cinema of the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Dulwich Library opened on 24 November 1897. It is an example of a Passmore Edwards library  and is located at No. 368 Lordship Lane in East Dulwich, southeast London, England.
The Library is managed by Southwark Council. The library has been listed Grade II on the National Heritage List for England since March 2016.
The library was designed by Charles Barry Jr. in his capacity as architect and surveyor to Dulwich College, who donated the site on which the library stands. It was built as a memorial to the Elizabethan actor Edward Alleyn, the founder of Dulwich College and Alleyn's School. The foundation stone of the library was laid by the prominent actor Henry Irving on 24 September 1896, and the library was subsequently opened by the Lord Chancellor, Lord Halsbury, on 24 November 1897.
The library was opened on 24 November 1897 after the site was donated by Dulwich College. The library opened with a stock of 10,152 books.
The 2011 Extremaduran regional election was held on Sunday, 22 May 2011, to elect the 8th Assembly of the autonomous community of Extremadura. All 65 seats in the Assembly were up for election. The election was held simultaneously with regional elections in twelve other autonomous communities and local elections all throughout Spain.
For the first time since the first democratic election in 1983 in the region, the People's Party (PP) was able to win a regional election, obtaining its best historical result, with 46.1% of the share and 32 seats. The Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE), which had formed the government of the Extremaduran region since 1983, achieving an absolute majority of seats at every election except in 1995, was ousted from power in the worst result obtained by the party until that time.
The Assembly of Extremadura was the devolved, unicameral legislature of the autonomous community of Extremadura, having legislative power in regional matters as defined by the Spanish Constitution and the Extremaduran Statute of Autonomy, as well as the ability to vote confidence in or withdraw it from a regional president.
The president had the prerogative to dissolve the Assembly of Extremadura and call a snap election, provided that no motion of no confidence was in process and that dissolution did not occur before one year had elapsed since the previous one. In the event of an investiture process failing to elect a regional president within a two-month period from the first ballot, the Assembly was to be automatically dissolved and a fresh election called.
Allen W. Wilder (born 1843) was a state legislator, teacher, and lawyer in Texas. He was born into slavery in North Carolina. He was possibly the first African American in Texas to become a lawyer.
He served one term representing Washington County, Texas in the Texas House of Representatives after winning office in the 1872 election. His election to the House in 1876 was overturned.
Bruceanol B is a cytotoxic quassinoid isolated from Brucea antidysenterica with potential antitumor and antileukemic properties.
mir-395 is a non-coding RNA called a microRNA that was identified in both Arabidopsis thaliana and Oryza sativa computationally and was later experimentally verified. mir-395 is thought to target mRNAs coding for ATP sulphurylases. The mature sequence is excised from the 3' arm of the hairpin.
miR-395 is upregulated in Arabidopsis during sulphate-limited conditions, when the mature miRNA then regulates sulphur transporters and ATP sulphurylases.
Greece was not one of the ten founding members of the Council of Europe, but it was the first state to join, doing so three months later, on 9 August 1949. In 1953, the Hellenic Parliament unanimously ratified the Council of Europe's human rights treaty, the European Convention on Human Rights, and its first protocol. Greece filed the first interstate case before the European Commission of Human Rights, Greece v. United Kingdom, in 1956, alleging human rights violations in British Cyprus.
The Constitution of Greece forbids proselytism, a blanket ban which  European Court of Human Rights has ruled to be incompatible with Article 9 in multiple influential cases, including Larissis and others v. Greece and Kokkinakis v. Greece. In both cases, the Court found that, while banning proselytism may be justified under certain circumstances, a blanket ban violates freedom of religion.
Greece also participates in the Council of Europe bodies European Commission against Racism and Intolerance (ECRI), the European Committee for the Prevention of Torture (CPT), and the Group of States against Corruption (GRECO).
In 2020, Greece assumed the presidency of the Council of Europe from May to November. That year, the Greek government nominated the European Court of Human Rights for the Nobel Peace Prize.
Jack Lewis (born 1902, date of death unknown) was an Irish equestrian. He competed in two events at the 1948 Summer Olympics.
This biographical article related to Irish equestrianism is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This biographical article related to a Brazilian association football forward born in the 1990s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Aparallactus jacksonii, or Jackson's centipede-eater, is a species of venomous rear-fanged snake in the family Atractaspididae.
The specific epithet, jacksonii, is honor of English explorer and ornithologist Frederick John Jackson, who presented the type specimen to the British Museum (Natural History).
A. jacksonii is found in Ethiopia, north Tanzania, south Sudan, Kenya, Somalia, Uganda. Type locality = "Foot of Mt. Kilimanjaro".
Jackson's centipede-eater is pale reddish brown dorsally, with a black vertebral line. Ventrally it is uniformly yellowish. The upper surface of the head and the nape of the neck are black. The nuchal blotch is edged with yellow, extending to the sides of the neck. There is a pair of yellow spots behind the parietal shields. The sides of the head are yellow, with the shields bordering the eye black.
Rogers TV (stylized as Rogers tv) is a group of English-language community channels owned by Rogers Communications. Many of these channels share common programs. Rogers TV broadcasts in the Canadian provinces of New Brunswick, Newfoundland and Labrador and Ontario. Rogers TV is available only in communities served by Rogers' cable and telecom division, and is not carried by other television service providers. Its French counterpart is TV Rogers.
Rogers TV serves over 2.3 million cable subscribers. Programming on the channels is produced with the assistance of volunteers and community partners and associations, who assist, with the production and content of these programs.
Historically Rogers TV channels have been run as local public-access television channels; whereas some stations are still run as community access, most stations are run as community stations where production is done in-house with community involvement, or produced by local production studios that provide their shows to be aired by Rogers TV. 
The present form of Rogers TV dates to 2000, when Rogers and Shaw Communications agreed to swap cable systems servicing British Columbia and Alberta by Rogers as well as Ontario, New Brunswick and Nova Scotia served by Shaw.
In 2017 Rogers TV stations in the Greater Toronto Area closed as part of budget reallocations; this came in response to new CRTC regulations, allowing companies that co-own broadcast stations and cable providers in a metropolitan market to divert the mandatory funding for community channels to support local news operations for their broadcast stations.
Some programs feature local journalists from radio, print and TV media. The programs are occasionally derivative of mainstream commercial fare with emphasis on the communities the stations are in.
Rogers also owns a stake in Cable 14, a community channel in Hamilton, Ontario co-owned with Cogeco and Source Cable.
One Night is an album by folk singer/guitarist Greg Brown. It was re-released on CD by Red House Records.
It was during this concert at the Minneapolis folk club Coffeehouse Extempore that Red House Records founder Bob Feldman heard and met Greg Brown. He later reissued Brown's first two albums. The CD reissue of One Night adds five songs from the same show.
The women's 100 metre backstroke event at the 1980 Summer Olympics was held on 22 and 23 July at the Swimming Pool at the Olimpiysky Sports Complex.
In 1932, McCarran unseated incumbent Republican Tasker Oddie to become the state's first U.S. Senator born in Nevada; he was reelected three times and served from 1933 until his death. In his Senate career, McCarran served as chairman of the committees on the District of Columbia, Judiciary, and Joint Foreign Economic Cooperation.
He attended Nevada State University (now University of Nevada, Reno) but withdrew to work on the family sheep ranch after his father suffered an injury. Instead of returning to college, McCarran studied law with attorney William Woodburn. 
Some sources incorrectly state that McCarran received a bachelor's degree in 1901 and a master's degree in 1915. In fact, he never received a bachelor's degree, and he was awarded an honorary Master of Arts from Nevada State University in 1915. He also received an honorary LL.D. from Georgetown University in 1943 and an honorary LL.D. from the University of Nevada in 1945.
McCarran ran for the Nevada Assembly in 1902 as a free silver Democrat with encouragement from his political science professor Anne Henrietta Martin. He was elected and served one term from 1903 to 1905. In 1904, he was an unsuccessful candidate for the Nevada State Senate.
He was admitted to the bar in 1905. In 1906, he was elected district attorney of Nye County. He served one term, 1907 to 1909, after which he moved to Reno to continue practicing law.
In 1912, McCarran was elected to the Supreme Court of Nevada, succeeding John G. Sweeney. He served as an Associate Justice from January 1913 to January 1917.
In January 1917, he succeeded Frank Herbert Norcross as Chief Justice. He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1918 and left office in January 1919.
Both during his time on the court and afterwards, McCarran continued to play a central role in Nevada's state government, as well as its legal and criminal justice systems. From 1913 to 1918, he served on the state Board of Library Commissioners. In addition, he served as chairman of the Nevada State University Board of Visitors.
During his time on the Court from 1913 to 1919, McCarran served on the state Board of Pardons. He was a member of the Board of Parole Commissioners from 1913 to 1918, and he served on the Board of Bar Examiners from 1919 until 1932.
McCarran was president of the Nevada Bar Association from 1920 to 1921 and was a vice president of the American Bar Association from 1922 to 1923.
In 1926, McCarran was again a candidate for the U.S. Senate. He lost the Democratic nomination to Raymond T. Baker, who was defeated by Republican incumbent Tasker Oddie in the general election.
In 1932, McCarran won the Democratic nomination and defeated Oddie in the general election. He was reelected in 1938, 1944, and 1950. He served from March 4, 1933 until his death in 1954.
During his career as a Senator, McCarran served as chairman of the Senate Committees on the District of Columbia (77th and 78th Congresses) and Judiciary (78th, 79th, 81st, and 82nd Congresses). He also served as co-chairman of the Joint Committee on Foreign Economic Cooperation (81st United States Congress).
Although both were Democrats, McCarran came into increasing opposition with President Franklin D. Roosevelt over patronage decisions, the Second New Deal, and foreign policy.
McCarran supported the war effort after the United States entered the conflict following the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor.
When Felix Frankfurter, who was in Austria, was the first Jewish Supreme Court nominee to be considered by the Judiciary Committee, McCarran "used the occasion to launch a nasty, sneering attack on the nominee, filled with innuendo about Frankfurter's foreign origins and alleged radical associations."
McCarran sponsored numerous laws concerning the early commercial aviation industry, including the Civil Aeronautics Act of 1938 and the Federal Airport Act of 1945. He was an early advocate of separating the United States Army Air Forces from the Army as the Air Force and began sponsoring the necessary legislation in 1933.
In 1945, McCarran co-sponsored the McCarran-Ferguson Act, which exempted the insurance industry from most federal regulations, including antitrust rules.  Instead, this act required states to regulate insurance, including mandatory licensing requirements.
McCarran also co-sponsored the 1946 Administrative Procedures Act, which required federal agencies to keep the public informed of their organizational structure, procedures and rules, allowed for public participation in the rule making process, and established uniform standards for the conduct of formal rule making.
Biographer Michael Ybarra's book demonstrates that "arguably no American wrecked as many lives as did the great Red hunter from Nevada."
Some of the immigration provisions of the act were later superseded by the 1965 Immigration Act, but the power of the government to deny visas for ideological reasons remained on the books another 25 years after that.
McCarran used his legislative skill to prevent immigration by Holocaust survivors, opposing admission of Jews and potential communists.
McCarran died in Hawthorne, Nevada on September 28, 1954, collapsing of a heart attack following a speech he gave at a political rally. McCarran was buried at Mountain View Cemetery in Reno.
Harold L. Ickes described McCarran as "easy-going, old-shoe 'Pat'" in a column criticizing McCarran as a tool of the oil companies. American journalist John Gunther was also critical of McCarran's alleged corporate ties, writing that he resembled gold "in that he is soft, heavy, and not a good conductor."
McCarran International Airport in Las Vegas is named after Senator McCarran. Many Nevada politicians have supported removing his name from the airport due to his antisemitism. Senator Harry Reid said he was "one of the most prejudiced people who has ever served in the Senate." On February 16, 2021, the Clark County Commissioners voted unanimously to officially change McCarran International airport to Harry Reid International Airport, after former Sen. Harry Reid.
A statue of McCarran is included in the National Statuary Hall Collection at the United States Capitol.  Each state is allowed to display likenesses of two individuals; Nevada's are those of McCarran and Sarah Winnemucca.
In 2017, Nevada's three Democratic members of the U.S. House of Representatives wrote to Governor Brian Sandoval and state legislative leaders and stated their view that review of McCarran's career might warrant removal of his statue from the National Statuary Hall Collection.
While he fought for workers' rights and helped shape the country's aviation industry, McCarran left a legacy of racism, xenophobia and anti-Semitism, said the letter sent Tuesday by Reps. Dina Titus, Ruben Kihuen and Jacky Rosen.
In January, 2017, a poll of Nevada legislators indicated support for removing McCarran's statue from the collection.  A bill introduced in the Nevada State Senate, SB 174, which called for the removal of the statue and renaming of McCarran International Airport for former U.S. Senator Harry Reid, failed to be passed before the end of the 2017 legislative session on June 1, 2017.
Pope John II (Latin: Ioannes II; died 8 May 535), born Mercurius, was the bishop of Rome from 2 January 533 to his death. As a priest at St. Clement's Basilica, he endowed that church with gifts and commissioned stone carvings for it.
Mercurius was elected pope on 2 January 533, apparently the first pope to adopt a new name upon elevation to the papacy.
The notoriously adulterous behavior of Bishop Contumeliosus of Riez caused John to order the bishops of Gaul to confine him in a monastery. Until a new bishop could be appointed, he bade the clergy of Riez to obey the Bishop of Arles.
In 535, 217 bishops assembled in a council at Carthage submitted to John II a decision about whether bishops who had lapsed into Arianism should, on repentance, keep their rank or be admitted only to lay communion. The question of re-admittance to the lapsed troubled north Africa for centuries (see Novatianism and Donatism). The answer to their question was given by Agapetus I, as John II died on 8 May 535. He was buried in St Peter's Basilica.
Tsaveyo is the Giant Ogre kachina, one of the Hopi spirit beings. There are numerous Hopi stories and legends about him. These date from the time of the Hopi migrations.
  A. Stephen describes him as he appeared in a Hopi ritual trotting through the plaza looking for victims. He wore a skin mask with bits of cedar bark strung over the top, and he had a war axe and a sabre which he carried like a staff.
Modern versions may show him with an array of turkey feathers as a headdress.  The slight difference in dress and weapons may be linked to the differences in appearance that have evolved in the isolated settlements on the three Hopi mesas.  Chaveyo may appear in the Powamu, or Bean Dance, and his symbolism is a close likeness to that of other Natackas and Soyokos, members of the Ogre family.
A teaching story told by a First Mesa story teller introduces the evil Chaveyo as the reason for the destruction of Awatovi, a Hopi village. The story follows the traditional form of Hopi oral literature where when the people of the village behave improperly their chief seeks help to end their evil ways.
Hopi Oral history includes the story where Chaveyo headed the Hopi warriors in the Pueblo Rebellion at the Hopi village of Oraibi in killing the Franciscan priest and destroying the church and mission.
His first World Cup victory was a Super-G in Lech in December 1993, where he won with a bib number of 51, after weather conditions improved after the early starters had completed their runs. This is the highest start number for a male Super-G winner until now.
This article about the Municipality of Mislinja in Slovenia is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The William Ward Jr. House is a historic house at 137 Powder Hill Road in Middlefield, Connecticut.  Built in 1742,  it is the oldest surviving house in Middlefield.  It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
The property was first granted to William Ward in the 17th century, when the area was part of Middletown.  His great-grandson, also named William, built this house in 1742.  It is the oldest surviving house in Middlefield, and is architecturally distinctive for the use of cantilevered girts to support the rear leanto roof.  The house remained in the hands of the Wards and associated families until 1935.
Kathleen Bradley is an American former model, former singer, actress and host. She is primarily known as a "Barker's Beauty" on the CBS daytime game show The Price Is Right from 1990 until 2000. She is noted as the first permanent African-American model on the show.
Born to Albert and Winifred Bradley in Girard, Ohio, Bradley was the only girl of four brothers. She won the "Miss Black California" award in 1971. In the 1970s, she was part of two short-lived disco groups, The Love Machine and Destination. She played the role of Mrs. Parker in the 1995 movie Friday.
Bradley has been married twice. Her first marriage was to actor Bill Overton from 1980 to 1984. She has been married to mechanical engineer Terrence Redd since 1988. She has two children; a daughter, Cheyenne Overton, from her marriage with Overton; and their son Terrence Redd II. Her stepdaughter Dior is from Redd's marriage to actress Bern Nadette Stanis.
The 1805 New Hampshire gubernatorial election took place on March 12, 1805. Incumbent Federalist Governor John Taylor Gilman was defeated for re-election by Democratic-Republican candidate, former Governor and U.S. Senator John Langdon in a re-match of the previous year's election.
Buloqboshi is a raion (district) of Andijan Region in Uzbekistan. The capital lies at Buloqboshi. The population is 110,000 people.
Since SBY Regional Airport is the only commercial airport with daily scheduled flights in the area, it also serves Delaware, the Eastern Shore of Virginia, and the Eastern Shore of Maryland, which include the other towns of Ocean City, Cambridge, and Easton. American Eagle operates approximately two round trip flights per day to Charlotte Douglas International Airport, and two round trip flights per day to Philadelphia International Airport.
In 1940, Wicomico County and the City of Salisbury begun to construct the airport with the Works Progress Administration. It originally encompassed 695 acres and cost $1.5 million. Officially opened on November 11, 1943, Salisbury was originally leased to the U.S. Navy as a training base during World War II up through 1945.
On April 21, 2016, Donald Trump's private Boeing 757 landed for his rally at Stephen Decatur High School. His 757-200 and the Air Force's C-32 variant of the 757-200 are the largest aircraft to land at the airport.[citation needed]
Since 2019, the airport has been served by a full-service restaurant - part of the regionally popular Rosenfeld's Jewish Deli chain.
Bayland Aviation is the fixed-base operator at Salisbury. Jet fuel and Avgas are handled and supplied by Bayland. They also offer public flight training using a group of small Cessna and Piper aircraft. Charter flights can be scheduled through Bayland to multiple destinations throughout the East Coast.
The airport is the operational headquarters for American Eagle carrier Piedmont Airlines. In 2012, Piedmont established a passenger record of 150,086 passengers.
Piedmont previously served Salisbury with flights to Washington D.C. and Baltimore. The service to Washington was on and off until 2008; the Baltimore service stopped in late 2009.
Allegiant Air began twice a week service to Orlando-Sanford International Airport in February 2012, using its McDonnell Douglas MD-80 jets, but ended the route less than a year later on January 5, 2013, due to the route's relatively small number of passengers.
According to 2015 statistics from the General Statistics Office of Vietnam, the province has a population of 1,072,600. Urbanization in the province is above the country's average (50.52%).
The government is also planning to increase investments in the development of terminals and road infrastructure to increase connectivity, efficiency, and port capacity.
Within the province, the connectivity between ports or industrial zones with the national roadway systems is supported by numerous regional highways, port roads, and industrial zone roads.
As of August 2018, there are 15 industrial parks in BRVT, including nine which are operational with an average occupancy rate of 47 percent. There are currently 339 projects in local industrial parks, including 162 foreign and 177 domestic projects.
A total of 464 athletes will compete at the volleyball competitions at the 2015 European Games; 336 in indoor volleyball and 128 in beach volleyball. Most of the qualification places will be based on the CEV Rankings as of 1 January 2015.
Graham's sister, Isabel LeBourdais, was a journalist whose 1966 book The Trial of Steven Truscott played a key role in disputing the evidence that led to Steven Truscott's controversial murder conviction, and her brother John Erichsen-Brown was a diplomat with the Canadian Department of External Affairs.
Graham died in 1965 of an undiagnosed brain tumour, aged 52. Her illness and death resulted in the cancellation of a planned sequel to Dear Enemies.
Both Swiss Sonata and Earth and High Heaven were reissued by Cormorant Books in 2004. Graham is the subject of a biography, Gwethalyn Graham: a Liberated Woman in a Conventional Age, by Barbara Meadowcroft (Toronto: Women's Press, 2008).
Walter "Hawk" Newsome is an American activist and law school graduate who co-founded Black Lives Matter of Greater New York with Chivona Newsome.
In November 2021, Newsome threatened "riots", "fire", and "bloodshed" in the streets if New York City mayor-elect Eric Adams decides to reverse the abolition of the New York City Police Department's (NYPD) controversial anti-crime units.
Newsome has filed two ongoing civil lawsuits against the NYPD, alleging that he was assaulted by police officers and falsely arrested during two separate protests in 2017 and 2018. A video posted by the New York Daily News shows a police officer punching Newsome before several police officers tackled him to the ground. Newsome was holding a sign that read: "Blue Klux Klan".
In 2021, Newsome called for an "independent investigation" into the BLM Global Network's finances after it was reported that Black Lives Matter co-founder Patrisse Cullors purchased four homes for $3.2 million.
Newsome lives in The Bronx in New York City. He regularly attends Baptist service and smokes cigars. Newsome often wears a bulletproof vest and drives a rotation of rented vehicles for security and safety purposes.
This biographical article about a United States activist is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
ffolkes was the son of Sir Martin ffolkes, 1st Baronet. He was educated at Harrow School and was admitted at Jesus College, Cambridge on 6 April 1805. He was awarded B.A. in 1810 and  M.A. in 1813. He succeeded to the baronetcy on the death of his father on 11 December 1821.
He died at the age of 73. He had married Charlotte Philippa Browne, daughter of Dominick Geoffrey Browne, of Castle MacGarrett, Co. Mayo and sister of Dominick, first Lord Oranmore on 21 April 1818. His son Martin was killed by lightning, and he was succeeded in the baronetcy by his grandson William.
This article about a member of the Christian clergy is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Farlaine the Goblin is an anonymous American comic book series. The series is notable for being published in a horizontal format(11" x 7 1/8").
The series is 7 volumes long, each volume varying in length between 30-50 pages and telling the story of Farlaine's adventures in a single land.
Farlaine the Goblin is a tree goblin shaman on a quest to find a forest of his own. He has spent years wandering the Oddlands Of Wug in search of a forest and is down to the final 10 lands left to explore.
He planned the campus of  BHU  and its construction was also done under his supervision. He helped a lot of Madan Mohan Malaviya in collecting donations .
Before becoming a professional footballer, Leyfield worked as a joiner. He served in the Royal Artillery during the Second World War. After leaving football, Leyfield ran pubs in Saltney and Guilden Sutton.
This biographical article related to association football in England, about a forward born in the 1910s, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
While New York Sleeps is a 1920 American crime drama film produced by Fox Film Corporation and directed by Charles Brabin, who was the husband of actress Theda Bara. The film tells three distinct episodic stories using the same actors, Estelle Taylor and Marc McDermott. Long thought to be a lost film like many other Fox Film productions from this period, a copy of this movie is now in the collection of the UCLA Film and Television Archive.
According to author Aubrey Solomon, this film was Fox's biggest moneymaker for the year 1920 with a profit of $192,000. While this would seem to conflict with the enormous success of Fox's Over the Hill to the Poorhouse (1920), the latter film did not achieve its largest rentals until it went into full release in 1921.
Scott William Lowe (born October 4, 1963) is Chair of the Cancer Biology and Genetics Program in the Sloan Kettering Institute at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center. He is recognized for his research on the tumor suppressor gene, p53, which is mutated in nearly half of cancers.
Anokhino is located 38 km southeast of Gryazovets (the district's administrative centre) by road. Panovo is the nearest rural locality.
This is a list of international presidential trips made by George W. Bush, the 43rd president of the United States. George W. Bush made 48 international trips to 73 countries (in addition to visiting the West Bank) during his presidency, which began on January 20, 2001 and ended on January 20, 2009.
Murray Arnold Dron (born 23 January 1975) is a British journalist and television presenter working for ITN on London Tonight and ITV News.
Dron was born in Perth, Scotland, but grew up in Jersey from a young age. He was educated at Elizabeth College, Guernsey and graduated from Edge Hill University with a degree in Media.
Murray began his career in the Channel Islands as presenter of Channel Television's nightly regional news programme Channel Report alongside Kristina Moore. He also presented the weekly sports show Report Sport.
From 2007 Dron was a freelance sports reporter for ITV News, covering a wide range of events, including Formula One, Premier League football, the cricket and rugby World Cups and the Tour de France.
He was a launch presenter on Setanta Sports News, co-hosting Lunchtime Live alongside Charlotte Jackson until the channel ceased broadcasting in June 2009.
William S. Gilliland Log Cabin and Cemetery is a historic home and family cemetery located in Charleston, West Virginia.  It was the home and graveyard of one of Charleston's oldest families, the Gillilands.  They built the log cabins and lived there until selling it to the Neale family in 1868.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984 as part of the South Hills Multiple Resource Area.
This article about a property in Kanawha County, West Virginia on the National Register of Historic Places is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
"The Happy Organ" is the name of an instrumental composition made famous by Dave "Baby" Cortez in 1959. Cortez co-composed it with noted celebrity photographer James J. Kriegsmann and frequent collaborator Kurt Wood. A significant portion of the tune bears a strong resemblance to the traditional "Shortnin' Bread" tune.  The record topped the Billboard Hot 100 on 11 May 1959 and also reached #5 on Billboard's R&B chart.
Meggie Foster (born in Bampton) is a British comedy actress. During the COVID-19 lockdowns, Foster made short comedy lipsyncing videos on TikTok mocking celebrities and politicians.
This article about a British comedian or humourist is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Krishanu's essays and articles on art have been published by The Courtauld Gallery, British Council, and a-n Magazine. He has curated collaborative exhibitions for English Heritage and Iniva, and co-curated exhibitions at the RIBA and Whitechapel Gallery. He is a visiting lecturer at Chelsea College of Arts and teaches at Camden Arts Centre and The Courtauld Institute of Art.
Ernest "Imshi" Mason was born in Darlington, and was educated at Blackpool Grammar School. He was a gifted musician (he played the saxophone), and was also interested in engineering and mechanics. He rode motorcycles in dirt track racing at the age of 14. He played in professional dancebands including Archie Andre's (real name Andre Tripello) operating out of Brighton and on tour. He was briefly the co-owner of a Delarge, which he crashed. Foreseeing the coming war, he joined the RAF.
Mason and Lieutenant Robert Talbot of the SAAF were detached to Sidi Barrani in order to  "freelance" over the Libyan Desert attacking targets of opportunity. It was during this period that Mason developed his preferred style of attack, embarking on long range missions to attack enemy air bases well behind the lines.
In March 1941, Mason led a flight to Malta to reinforce the defensive fighter force. On 13 April, Mason attacked four Bf 109s. He was attacked in turn by Oberleutnant Klaus Mietusch of JG 26 and shot down for the German's eighth victory. Mason ditched his aircraft in the sea, suffering wounds to his hand in the combat and a broken nose in the ditching.
During a patrol on 26 January, Mason encountered 3 Fiat G.50bis of 2o Gruppo CT near Derna and 7 Fiat CR.42s of 368a Squadriglia strafing Australian ground positions. Mason shot down two victims, Sottotenente Alfonso Nuti and Maresciallo Guido Papparato from 368a Squadriglia, who were both killed.
In July 1941 Mason assumed command of No. 261 Squadron, reforming in Palestine. In August he led the unit in the occupation of Iran, and in January was posted back to the Western Desert to command No 94 Squadron flying P-40 Kittyhawks.
On 15 February 1942, Mason led a ground attack mission against a Luftwaffe base at Martuba, Egypt. His flight was shot down by Otto Schulz from Jagdgeschwader 27 and he was killed.
Mason was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross.  The citation from the London Gazette on 11 February 1941 reads:
She was made empress following Shirindari's death in 1299. Bulugan acted as regent for her ill husband and virtually ruled the empire. She made her son Prince Dashi the heir apparent in June 1305. To ensure the boy's succession, she removed all the potential rivals from the court. For example, Darmabala's son Ayurbarwada was sent to Henan as the prince of Huaining. But Dashi died in January 1306.
The Foreign Language and Area Studies (FLAS) fellowships are federally funded academic scholarships designed to provide support and funding to graduate and undergraduate students studying the languages and cultures of specific foreign countries, in particular those in the strategic interest of the United States of America.  
As part of the program, fellows are required to take one language class and another academic class in their FLAS area. A language evaluation is given at the beginning and end of the program. Additionally, fellows are expected to write a summary of their FLAS achievements at the end of the fellowship period.
This article relating to education in the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Hypocrisy Destroys Wacken is a live album released in 1999 by Swedish melodic death metal band Hypocrisy. The DVD version of the album was released in March 2001.
Lindsley Avenue Church of Christ is a historic church at 3 Lindsley Avenue in Nashville, Tennessee. It was built in 1894 and added to the National Register in 1984. It is across the road from the Nashville Children's Theatre.
The Church was founded by David Lipscomb. Dr. Ira North was formerly a minister and eventually moved to the Madison Church of Christ. Laws Rushing II was minister for nearly a decade.
Gene Wright is the current minister of the Church. The congregation celebrates a homecoming service on the second Sunday of October every year.
This article about a property in Davidson County, Tennessee on the National Register of Historic Places is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about a church or other Christian place of worship in Tennessee is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
On January 1, 2011, Sakineh Ashtiani announced in a press conference that she intended to sue the two German journalist for illegally interviewing her son about her case.
The two journalists were freed February 20, 2011 and their sentences commuted to fines of $50,000 each. after a visit by German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle to Tehran for a rare meeting with Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. Westerwelle returned to Germany with the pair on his government plane.
The tournament had two groups of four: an "Eastern" and a "Western" group. The groups were not played as a round-robin; rather, the winners of the first round matches played each other in the second round, and the first round losers also played each other in the second round. The two teams with two wins from the first two matches advanced to the final.  For the other teams, positions in the final round were determined by their position in their group, with the following rules:
In other words, though the team placing first (two wins) in each group would be apparent, the determination of second, third (both teams: one win, one loss) and fourth place (two losses) was based on the above tiebreakers.
The official song of the 2013 International Champions Cup "Exotic" was performed by the Indian Bollywood actress turned singer Priyanka Chopra, and was sung in both English and Hindi.
Carole Pankau is a former Republican Illinois State Senator, representing the 23rd district from 2005 to 2013. Pankau previously served as State Representative from 1993 to 2005.
Pankau earned a B.S. in accounting from the University of Illinois. She served as a member of the DuPage County Board from 1984 to 1992 and prior to that served on the school board for Keeneyville School District 20. She was active as a precinct committeeman in the Republican organization in Bloomingdale Township. In the 1992 general election, Pankau was elected to represent the 45th district.
In the 1992 general election, Pankau was elected to represent the 45th district. During her tenure, she served on the Committees on Public Health (minority spokesperson); Appropriations III; Environment and Energy; Labor; Revenue. Pankau was a Republican candidate for DuPage County Chairman in 2010 but lost to Republican Daniel Cronin. Pankau lost Senate re-election in 2012 to Tom Cullerton.
Pankau was born August 13, 1947 in Valparaiso, Indiana. She has been married to Anthony John Pankau, Jr. since 1966. They have four grown children: John, Jason, Shay and Aaron. She has been a resident of DuPage County for more than 30 years. Pankau was a former owner-manager of an auto-body/towing business for 17 years.
Shortly after the declaration was issued, several chief ministers of the black homelands, including Cedric Phatudi (Lebowa), Lucas Mangope (Bophuthatswana) and Prof HWE Ntsanwisi (Gazankulu), met in Cape Town. The leaders announced to the press that they fully supported the declaration.
In February 1974, Prime Minister of Swaziland Makhosini Dlamini praised the declaration as inspiration to South Africans "across the color line" and as an example of effectiveness in working for his people within the framework of the law.
Days after the declaration, Die Vaderland, an ardent Nationalist Afrikaans newspaper, mocked Schwarz and Buthelezi calling them the "heroes of Mahlabatini".
On 4 February 1974, Prime Minister B. J. Vorster of the National Party commented on the declaration during a speech to Parliament in which he announced a general election for 24 April 1974. Speaking of the Declaration, Vorster said:
Despite considerable support from black leaders and the English speaking press, the declaration drew much criticism from the establishment of Harry Schwarz's United Party. Schwarz, who had recently deposed the more conservative Marais Styen from the leadership of the United Party in the Transvaal, was a controversial figure in the party for his outspoken views against apartheid and was known as the leader of the liberal 'Young Turks' within the party.
The situation of South Africa in the world scene as well as internal community relations requires in our view an acceptance of certain fundamental concept for the economic social and constitutional development of our country.
We respectfully record five principles on the basis of which we believe all our people can co-operate.
2. Opportunity must be afforded to all our people for material and educational advancement. The economy must be available to serve the needs of all able and willing to contribute, and the wealth, labour and expertise of our country should be harnessed to provide job and entrepreneurial opportunity for all groups.
3. Constitutions, blue prints and plans for the future should not be made by only some of the people for all others, they must be made with people. Consultation and dialogue lead to government by consent and with this in mind and as a first step a consultative council representative of all groups in South Africa should be constituted at the earliest opportunity.
4. The federal concept appears to provide the best framework on which to seek a constitutional solution for a South Africa free from domination by any group over others and ensuring the security of all its people.
(i) Safeguard the identity and culture of the various groups constituting the people of South Africa.
 On the basis of these principles we declare our faith in a South Africa of equal opportunity, happiness, security and people for all its people.
Hallau is first mentioned in 1095 as Hallaugia superiori et inferiori.  In 1273 it was mentioned as Hallowe.  Until 1526 it was part of Oberhallau.
The municipality is located in the Unterklettgau district.  It is an old market town that is now a winemaking village.  Hallau is located on the south foot of the Hallauerberg.  Until 1934 Hallau was known as Unterhallau.
Hallau has a population (as of 2008[update]) of 2,014, of which 15.0% are foreign nationals.  Of the foreign population, (as of 2008[update]), 31.9% are from Germany, 9.3% are from Italy, 7.3% are from Serbia, 33.2% are from Macedonia, and 18.3% are from another country.  Over the last 10 years the population has decreased at a rate of -1.9%.  Most of the population (as of 2000[update]) speaks German (91.9%), with Albanian being second most common ( 3.3%) and Italian being third ( 1.7%).
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SVP which received 52% of the vote.  The next two most popular parties were the SP (27.4%), and the FDP (20.6%) .
As of 2000[update], 14.3% of the population belonged to the Roman Catholic Church and 67.9% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church.
The Bergkirche St. Moritz (mountain or hill church of St. Moritz) is listed as a Swiss heritage site of national significance.  The church was built in 1491.  Due to the number of old Alemanni graves and artifacts, the church was pilgrimage site until the Protestant Reformation.  In 1505/08 the church became independent of the parish church of Neunkirch and became the parish of Unterhallau.  The Church of St. Moritz became the new parish church.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is Gules a Fleur de lis Argent between two Mullets Or in pale.
Hallau has an unemployment rate of 0.96%.  As of 2005[update], there were 240 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 69 businesses involved in this sector.  277 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 35 businesses in this sector.  286 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 69 businesses in this sector.
As of 2008[update], there are 5 restaurants, and 1 hotel with 14 beds.  The hospitality industry in Hallau employs 14 people.
The film concerns the coincidental interactions between three groups of people in Taipei: a young woman and the tough petty criminal gang of native Taiwanese she hangs out with; a Mainlander doctor and his novelist wife; and a young photographer who observes the life of the city unfolding around him, in an echo of the protagonist of Michelangelo Antonioni's Blowup.
Terrorizers is a part of the New Taiwan Cinema. "Famously characterized by Marxist scholar Fredric Jameson as the postmodern film, the film was likened by Yang himself to a puzzle where the pleasure lies in rearranging a multitude of relationships between characters, spaces, and genres."
Lower Swedish Cabin is a historic Swedish-style log cabin on Creek Road in the Drexel Hill section of Upper Darby, Pennsylvania along Darby Creek. The cabin may be one of the oldest log cabins in the United States.
This article about a property in Delaware County, Pennsylvania on the National Register of Historic Places is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Each of the member parties is different, sometimes having differing views of Christian democracy itself. Some of the member parties are in government in their country, others are in the coalition government, and others are not in government. Currently, there are 30 member political parties in 21 different countries with a constituency representing 30% of all registered voters in Latin America and 10% of the entire population of the region.
On July 25-31, 1949, a second meeting was held at the Catholic Club of Montevideo with the participation of representatives from Argentina, Brazil, Colombia, Chile, Peru, and Uruguay, which were joined by politicians from Ecuador and Bolivia.
On July 29, 1961, the World Christian Democratic Union (now the Centrist Democratic International) was founded in Santiago, Chile. Since the founding of the Christian Democratic International, the Christian Democratic Organization of America has been a part of it and a regional organization.
At the XVI Congress on October 8, 2000, in Santiago, Chile, the organization's current strategy was formulated, aimed at increasing the participation in its work of humanist and centrist parties, whose views are close to Christian democracy.
At an extraordinary congress in Panama City (Panama) on May 7, 2011, the Charter was approved, which currently regulates the activities of the organization.
The highest organ of the Christian Democratic Organization of America is the Congress, which elects the Council and the Steering Committee, as well as the Presidium, which, together with the Executive Secretariat, exercises the operational leadership of the organization.
 Muggeridge drew a darker attitude from Kingsmill's sardonic wit. Kingsmill's parody of A. E. Housman's poetry has been recognised as definitive:
What still alive at twenty-two, A clean, upstanding chap like you? Sure, if your throat 'tis hard to slit, Slit your girl's, and swing for it.  Like enough, you won't be glad, When they come to hang you, lad: But bacon's not the only thing That's cured by hanging from a string.  So, when the spilt ink of the night Spreads o'er the blotting-pad of light, Lads whose job is still to do
Gary Andrew Charles (born 13 April 1970) is an English former footballer who played at right-back. During his career he is best known for his appearances with Nottingham Forest, Derby County and Aston Villa and was capped twice for England. Charles was most recently the manager of Nuneaton Town.
In October 2011, Charles joined Lincoln City as Assistant Manager alongside manager David Holdsworth, but has since become the Director of Football at the University of Nottingham. On 29 March 2018 it was announced that he had accepted the manager's position at National League North side Nuneaton Town. In June 2018, he was replaced as manager at Nuneaton by Nicky Eaden.
After the end of his playing career, Charles struggled with alcoholism. He however overcame these difficulties and has attained his UEFA A Coaching licence.[citation needed] In 2018, Charles was reported as being a recovering alcoholic with a business providing care to people who are experiencing depression and alcohol and drug dependency. His son, Jaden, made his professional debut in May 2021.
This is an alphabetical list of all Nav Canada certified and registered water and land airports, aerodromes and heliports in the Provinces and territories of Canada. Airports names in italics are part of the National Airports System.
After a season with the farm club of Zenit Saint Petersburg Panov debuted for the first team in 1994. Panov spent a year in Vologda and another one with Shanghai Baosteel team in Shanghai. In 1997 Panov returned to Zenit and become a first team regular, earning a national team call a year later.
Mr. St. Nick is a 2002 Christmas comedy-fantasy film starring Kelsey Grammer. It was produced by Hallmark Entertainment and shown on ABC in the United States. It was first broadcast as an episode of ABC's Wonderful World of Disney anthology on November 17, 2002.
It was set mainly in Miami, Florida, United States, although it was filmed in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
A patella fracture is a break of the kneecap. Symptoms include pain, swelling, and bruising to the front of the knee. A person may also be unable to walk. Complications may include injury to the tibia, femur, or knee ligaments.
It typically results from a hard blow to the front of the knee or falling on the knee. Occasionally it may occur from a strong contraction of the thigh muscles. Diagnosis is based on symptoms and confirmed with X-rays. In children an MRI may be required.
Treatment may be with or without surgery, depending on the type of fracture. Undisplaced fracture can usually be treated by casting. Even some displaced fractures can be treated with casting as long as a person can straighten their leg without help. Typically the leg is immobilized in a straight position for the first three weeks and then increasing degrees of bending are allowed. Other types of fractures generally require surgery.
Patella fractures make up about 1% of all broken bones. Males are affected more often than females. Those of middle age are most often affected. Outcomes with treatment are generally good.
Also known as a broken kneecap, a patella fracture usually follows a history of trauma and commonly presents with swelling, pain, bruising and inability to both bend and straighten the knee. The pain is worse when trying to stand and the person may be unable to walk. The pain can also be aggravated by prolonged periods of sitting. A painful defect may be felt in the knee and there may be a blood in the joint.
Complications may include injury to the tibia, femur, or knee ligaments. In the longer term, the knee may not regain full movement, pain may persist and there is an increased likelihood of osteoarthritis of the knee. If there is an associated open wound as in an open fracture, complications also include risk of infection, inability of the broken bones to reunite and osteonecrosis.
Some people have a normal bipartite patella or two-part patella which can appear as a fracture. The fragment is usually seen in the top outer corner of the patella and can be distinguished from a fracture by being present in both knees.
Treatment may be with or without surgery, depending on the type of fracture and whether the overlying skin is intact or broken.
Undisplaced fractures can usually be treated by casting. Even some displaced fractures can be treated with casting as long as the person can straighten their leg without help, thus confirming that the quadriceps mechanism of the leg is intact. In this case the leg is immobilized in a straight position for the first three weeks and then increasing degrees of bending are allowed as healing occurs.
Most patella fractures are transverse or comminuted, hence the quadriceps mechanism is disrupted and they are treated by a combination of wires in a tension band construct. This unites the fractured bones, reconstructing the straightening mechanism of the leg.
If the patella is broken in several places, that is  comminuted, then traditionally a patellectomy (removal of the whole patella) is performed in order to reconstruct the extensor mechanism and prevent the onset of an extension lag at the knee joint, resulting in instability. Some surgeons however would rather opt for internal fixation. A partial patellectomy is removal of only a portion of the patella, and may be carried out if at least 60% of the patella can be maintained.
Open fractures of the patella require emergency treatment with irrigation, debridement and fixation.
Irrespective of surgical or non-surgical resolution to the fracture, a physical therapist can advise on progressive weight-bearing exercises and help with strengthening muscles of the leg, improving range of motion of the knee and in reducing stiffness.
Outcomes with treatment are generally good, unless there is involvement of the articular surface or the quadriceps mechanism. There is an increased risk of developing osteoarthritis in people who have broken their patella.
There is limited evidence supporting the different surgical interventions for treating fractures of the patella in adults . There is also no evidence of trials that could evaluate the effects of surgical treatment compared with the conservative treatment or other different types of conservative interventions.
Patella fractures make up about 1% of all broken bones. Males are affected more often than females. Those of middle age are most often affected. 6% to 9% of patellar fractures are of the open type. An ageing population and global increase in the number of TKAs has led to an increasing number of periprosthetic fractures of which a patella fracture is one type.
The Rural Municipality of Montrose No. 315 (2016 population: 712) is a rural municipality (RM) in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan within Census Division No. 12 and SARM Division No. 5.
The RM of Montrose No. 315 is governed by an elected municipal council and an appointed administrator that meets on the second Thursday of every month. The reeve of the RM is Murray Purcell while its administrator is Desiree Bouvier. The RM's office is located in Delisle.
Pemphixina is a monotypic genus of brachiopods belonging to the family Hemithirididae. The only species is Pemphixina pyxidata.
The seventh season of Weeds premiered on June 27, 2011, on the television cable network Showtime, and consisted of 13 episodes. As the season picks up, Nancy has spent three years in prison and now lives in a strictly monitored halfway house in New York City, where the family meet after they have spent three years in Denmark.
Tonye Patano and Andy Milder return as recurring characters, as Heylia James and Dean Hodes respectively.
Sir John Brownlow, 1st Baronet (1590-24 Nov.1679) of Belton, near Grantham in Lincolnshire, was twice Sheriff of Lincolnshire and on 26 July 1641 was created a baronet  "of Belton in the County of Lincoln". He died without progeny when his baronetcy became extinct. His monument survives in Belton Church, showing half statues of himself and his wife finely sculpted in white marble.
He inherited the manor of Belton, Lincolnshire which his father had purchased, and was selected High Sheriff of Lincolnshire in 1640 and 1665.  
He married Alice Poultney (1606-27 June 1676), second daughter and co-heiress of Sir John Poulteney (1585-1617) (or Pulteney) of Misterton in Leicestershire, a Member of Parliament for Wigan in Lancashire in 1601 and 1604, by his wife Margery Fortescue (d.1613), a daughter of Sir John Fortescue (c.1531-1607) of Salden, near Mursley, Buckinghamshire, Chancellor of the Exchequer. The marriage was without progeny.
He died on 24 November 1679, aged 89, as is recorded on his monument in Belton Church. As he died without progeny his baronetcy became extinct. His heir to his property was his eldest great-nephew Sir John Brownlow, 3rd Baronet (1659-1697) of Humby, Lincolnshire, who having inherited from him the manor of Belton, built the surviving grand mansion Belton House.
His monument in the Church of St Peter and St Paul, Belton, comprising half statues of himself and his wife finely carved in white marble, is inscribed as follows:
Han was born in  Xiaoshan District, Hangzhou, Zhejiang, China. He went to Central South University and majored in Civil Engineering. After graduating from college, he entered an engineering state-owned enterprise. On a holiday, Han Dong went home to accompany his friends to participate in the selection of a performing arts school. There he met the director You Xiaogang who brought Han Dong to Beijing where he started his career as an actor.
Pedakakani mandal is one of the 57 mandals in Guntur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It is under the administration of Guntur Revenue Division and the headquarters are located at Pedakakani. The mandal is bounded by Tadikonda, Mangalagiri, Duggirala, Tenali, Chebrole and Guntur mandals.
The mandal also forms a part of the Andhra Pradesh Capital Region under the jurisdiction of APCRDA. It is under the control of a tahsildar and the present tahsildar is SK.Ismail. Pedakakani mandal is one of the 3 mandals under Ponnur (Assembly constituency), which in turn represents Guntur (Lok Sabha constituency) of Andhra Pradesh.
Pedakakani is the most populated village and Devarayabhotlapalem is the least populated settlement in the mandal. As of 2011[update] census, the mandal has 11 villages.
Tangutur is a town in Prakasam district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It is a mandal headquarters  in Ongole revenue division. Nearby towns are Singarayakonda, Kandukur, Prakasam district, Kondapi and the nearest city will be Ongole.
According to the 2011 Census of India, with total 7200 families, the total population of Tangutur was 27,652 comprising 13,674 males and 13,978 females. Tangutur has higher literacy rate compared to Andhra Pradesh. In 2011, literacy rate of Tangutur was 68.68% compared to 67.02% of Andhra Pradesh. In Tangutur Male literacy stands at 77.28% while female literacy rate was 60.34%.
This article about a location in Prakasam district, Andhra Pradesh is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Bactriola falsa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Martins and Galileo in 1992. It is known from Brazil.
Culver CityBus is a public transport agency operating in Culver City, California, currently serving Culver City, the unincorporated community of Marina del Rey, and the adjacent Los Angeles neighborhoods. Its regular fleet is painted bright green and its rapid fleet primarily a chrome gray, distinguishing it from Santa Monica's Big Blue Bus, orange-colored Metro Local buses, and red-colored Metro Rapid buses, whose coverage areas overlap on Los Angeles's Westside.
Culver CityBus was founded in 3 March 1928, making it the second oldest municipal bus line in California and the oldest public transit bus system still operating in Los Angeles County. Big Blue Bus was founded in 14 April 1928, the San Francisco Municipal Railway began streetcar service 28 December 1912.
Within its service area of around 85.5 square kilometres, the Culver CityBus provides service to the communities of:
Culver CityBus operates 3 daily routes, 3 weekday-only routes, and 2 Monday-Saturday routes within Los Angeles County.  Among its 3 weekday-only routes, Culver CityBus operates a Rapid route (Rapid 6).
Culver CityBus currently operates an all New Flyer fleet of 54 buses. All buses run on CNG. Culver CityBus has retired its old fleet, mostly made of buses by Flxible, TMC/RTS, and Gillig.
Culver CityBus is beginning to retire its C40LF fleet from 2001 and 2004. New XN40 buses were delivered in 2017, and are currently in service.
The buses were originally painted green and white, but all buses were repainted to all green in 2000.
In 2008, large decals honoring Culver CityBus's 80th year of service were affixed to buses. They were later removed in 2009.
Culver CityBus began operating six New Flyer C40LFR buses on the new Rapid 6 starting on 4 January 2010.
Rapid Buses are painted primarily a chrome gray to distinguish themselves from the regular bright green buses.
In 2012, Culver CityBus took delivery of 20 New Flyer Xcelsior XN40 buses and started operating some of them beginning in late May 2012 with the rest to be phased in by late June.
The 135th Indiana Infantry Regiment served in the Union Army between May 23 and September 29, 1864, during the American Civil War.
The regiment was organized at Indianapolis, Indiana and mustered in on May 23, 1864. It was ordered to Tennessee and Alabama for railroad guard duty, until late September 1864. The regiment was mustered out on September 29, 1864. During its service the regiment lost twenty-eight men to disease.
This biographical article relating to Canadian rowing is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Saba then embarked on a solo singing and acting career. Her debut album was released in 2004, and her first film came out in 2003. She has subsequently taken further roles in Egyptian films.
Saba married Lebanese actor Youssef El Khal on 24 November 2011 in Em Sherif Restaurant in Ashrafieh, Lebanon, after being in a relationship for 10 years. Their daughter Nicole El Khal was born in 2013. Saba's mother is Armenian.
 Vietnam national football team results, including the results of former French Cochinchina, State of Vietnam, South Vietnam and North Vietnam.
Michele Morettini (born 25 December 1991) is an Italian cricketer. He was named in Italy's squad for the 2016 ICC World Cricket League Division Four tournament in Los Angeles, playing in two matches.
This biographical article related to Italian cricket is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
IntraLase was a company based in Irvine, California, producing lasers for the medical industry and for eye surgery. In March 2007, it was acquired by Advanced Medical Optics for $808 million in cash. Advanced Medical Optics was acquired by Abbott Laboratories in February 2009. The femtosecond laser, developed by IntraLase corporation and now owned by AMO, is trademarked under the name IntraLase. It is used to perform IntraLASIK eye surgery.
This article about an industrial corporation or company is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Sphingomonas desiccabilis  is a Gram-negative and non-motile bacterium from the genus of Sphingomonas which has been isolated from biological soil crusts in the Colorado Plateau in the United States. It has been sent on the International Space Station in 2019 and 2020 for the BioRock and BioAsteroid experiments, respectively.
Turbonilla tridentata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Couch became a millionaire through acquisitions of land and real estate he and his brother made across the city's core.
Couch died at the age of 50 on February 28, 1857 during a winter stay with his family in Cuba. Couch had fallen suddenly ill shortly before his death. His corpse was shipped back to Chicago, arriving on March 4. His funeral was held on March 6.
At the time of his death, he was believed to be Chicago's second-wealthiest resident, after only William B. Ogden and John Wentworth.
The 1891 United States Supreme Court decision of Potter v. Couch pertained to his last will and testament, which was being litigated over by family and other claimants seeking shares of the remainder of Couch's estate.
In retirement from playing Cushe maintained a keen interest in the game.  Shortly after his retirement in 1999 he became a selector with the Wexford team.  During his tenure on the management team Wexford had little success and he stepped down in 2002.
Tutuki is the fourth album, released in 2004, by the Oceanic group, Te Vaka. It features the song Tamahana which won first place in the world music category of the 2008 International Songwriting Competition. and first place in the International category of the Australian Songwriting Association competition. This is the first of Te Vaka's albums to win the Best Pacific Album at the New Zealand Music Awards. Tutuki debuted on the World Music Chart Europe at number 4.
This Lincoln County, Montana state location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Megachile astridella is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae. It was described by Pasteels in 1965.
The 2002 Ohio Bobcats football team represented Ohio University during the 2002 NCAA Division I-A football season. Ohio competed as a member of the Mid-American Conference (MAC). The Bobcats were led by head coach Brian Knorr.
Martin made his ODI debut against the West Indies cricket team in September 1999, and also played in the subsequent triangular ODI series in Australia against Australia national cricket team and Pakistan national cricket team in January 2000. However, he was unable to reproduce his domestic form and did not play again for India after 2001.
Pauwasera, Phaktang, Barahapokhari, Mauwabote, Saunechaur and Suntale which previously were all separate Village development committee merged to form this new local level body. Fulfilling the requirement of the new Constitution of Nepal 2015, Ministry of Federal Affairs and Local Development replaced all old VDCs and Municipalities into 753 new local level body (Municipality).
The rural municipality is divided into total 6 wards and the headquarter of this newly formed rural municipality is situated in Saunechaur.
This article about a location in Khotang District, Nepal is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Tau Lewis (born 1993 in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian artist working in a variety of mediums including hand-sewn, carved and assemblage pieces.
In 2018, Lewis was awarded the Frieze Frame Stand Prize for her solo presentation with Cooper Cole Gallery at Frieze New York City, USA.
In 2021 Lewis' sculpture "Symphony" was exhibited in the Rotunda of the National Gallery of Canada in Ottawa as part of its Contemporary Projects series.
Ad Lagendijk (born 18 November 1947 in Zwanenburg) is a Dutch physicist working at the FOM-institute AMOLF in Amsterdam and at the University of Amsterdam. He is also a part-time professor at the University of Twente in Enschede, Netherlands.
Ad Lagendijk is a physicist with a background in physical chemistry.  Lagendijk studies the propagation of light in complex matter, especially materials that strongly scatter light. He has a large international impact in this field with a few hundred scientific publications.
Lagendijk gained fame outside physics as the author of columns in a national newspaper and as the author of the Survival Guide for Scientists, a book with advice  in the areas of communication and presentation, intended for junior scientists. He actively blogs in Dutch and English.
Professor Ad Lagendijk received the Spinoza Prize of 2002 for his research on the propagation of light in strongly scattering media, a field that according to the jury, he defined himself and brought to maturity both experimentally and theoretically through his research.
A major part of the founders of the organization belonged to the Program Tendency within the Socialist League (SF). However, that group left SF to form the International Group.
Michigan scored twice in the first quarter on touchdown runs by Jack Weisenburger and Chappuis. The second touchdown was set up by a 53-yard run by Bump Elliott. The Wolverines added two more touchdowns in the second quarter on short runs by Chappuis and Bump Elliott. Three more touchdowns followed in the third quarter, including a long touchdown pass from Chappuis to Len Ford with Ford running the last 35 yards after the catch. Center Dan Dworsky also scored on a 36-yard fumble return.
Michigan's starting lineup against Michigan State was Ford (left end), Hilkene (left tackle), Soboleski (right guard), Dworsky (center), Wilkins (right guard), Pritula (right tackle), McNeill (right end), Weisenburger (quarterback), Derricotte (left halfback), Bump Elliott (right halfback), and Kempthorn (fullback).
In the second week of the season, Michigan hosted Stanford. The game was the first between the two schools since the 1902 Rose Bowl which Michigan won by a 49-0 margin. In the 1947 rematch, Michigan scored 28 points in the first quarter and won the game 49-13.
Michigan's starting lineup against Stanford was Mann (left end), Hilkene (left tackle), Soboleski (right guard), White (center), Wilkins (right guard), Pritula (right tackle), Rifenburg (right end), Yerges (quarterback), Chappuis (left halfback), Bump Elliott (right halfback), and Weisenburger (fullback).
Michigan's starting lineup against Pitt was Ford (left end), Wistert (left tackle), Soboleski (right guard), Dworsky (center), Sickels (right guard), Dendrinos (right tackle), McNeill (right end), Pete Elliott (quarterback), Derricotte (left halfback), Bump Elliott (right halfback), and Kempthorn (fullback).
Michigan's starting lineup against Northwestern was Ford (left end), Wistert (left tackle), Soboleski (right guard), Dworsky (center), Sickels (right guard), Kohl (right tackle), McNeill (right end), Pete Elliott (quarterback), Derricotte (left halfback), Fonde (right halfback), and Peterson (fullback).
Michigan's starting lineup against Minnesota was Mann (left end), Hilkene (left tackle), Tomasi (right guard), White (center), Wilkins (right guard), Pritula (right tackle), Rifenburg (right end), Yerges (quarterback), Chappuis (left halfback), Bump Elliott (right halfback), and Weisenburger (fullback).
Michigan's starting lineup against Minnesota was Mann (left end), Hilkene (left tackle), Tomasi (right guard), White (center), Wilkins (right guard), Pritula (right tackle), Rifenburg (right end), Yerges (quarterback), Chappuis (left halfback), Bump Elliott (right halfback), and Weisenburger (fullback).
In the sixth week of the season, Michigan regained its momentum and defeated Indiana 35-0 in Ann Arbor. In a game played amid intermittent snow flurries, highlights included a 61-yard run by Weisenburger in the second quarter and a 50-yard pass from Bob Chappuis to Dick Rifenburg in the fourth quarter. Michigan's five touchdowns were scored by Bump Elliott (2), Howard Yerges, Dick Rifenburg, and Henry Fonde.  Notre Dame defeated Army, 27-7, and retained the No. 1 ranking in the AP Poll.
Michigan's starting lineup against Minnesota was Mann (left end), Hilkene (left tackle), Tomasi (right guard), White (center), Wilkins (right guard), Pritula (right tackle), Rifenburg (right end), Yerges (quarterback), Chappuis (left halfback), Bump Elliott (right halfback), and Weisenburger (fullback).
Michigan's starting lineup against Minnesota was Mann (left end), Hilkene (left tackle), Tomasi (right guard), White (center), Wilkins (right guard), Pritula (right tackle), Rifenburg (right end), Yerges (quarterback), Chappuis (left halfback), Bump Elliott (right halfback), and Kempthorn (fullback).
On November 22, 1947, Michigan concluded the regular season with a 21-0 win at home against rival Ohio State. Bump Elliott, Bob Chappuis, and Jack Weisenburger each ran for touchdowns, and Jim Brieske converted all three PATs. Late in the game, the fans at Michigan Stadium began chanting, "California, Here I Come."  At the end of the game, Fritz Crisler was "streaming tears of joy as he walked off the field."
Michigan's starting lineup against Ohio State was Mann (left end), Hilkene (left tackle), Tomasi (right guard), White (center), Wilkins (right guard), Pritula (right tackle), Rifenburg (right end), Yerges (quarterback), Chappuis (left halfback), Bump Elliott (right halfback), and Weisenburger (fullback).
Michigan's starting lineup in the Rose Bowl was Mann (left end), Hilkene (left tackle), Tomasi (right guard), White (center), Wilkins (right guard), Pritula (right tackle), Rifenburg (right end), Yerges (quarterback), Chappuis (left halfback), Bump Elliott (right halfback), and Weisenburger (fullback).
Notre Dame supporters argued that the post-season AP poll was final and should not be revisited. They contended that Michigan had run up the score on USC, noted that Notre Dame had not had an opportunity to play in a bowl game, and asserted that Michigan and other Big Nine schools were unwilling to schedule Notre Dame in the regular season.
Commenting on the special poll, Michigan coach Fritz Crisler said "the men who voted couldn't have made a mistake if they had picked either team."  He described Notre Dame coach Frank Leahy as a "superb coach." Notre Dame President, Father John Cavanagh said, "We at Notre Dame feel grateful for the magnanimous statement of Coach Crisler. I listened to Michigan against Southern California and have only praise for the skill and accomplishment of your fine team."
Despite the magnanimous statements of Coach Crisler and Father Cavanagh, the reversed decision in the post-bowl poll only stoked the debate over which team was best. Said one columnist: "Hottest argument of the moment is the one over which had the better football team, Michigan or Notre Dame."  Forty years later, the debate was still ongoing. In 1988, Michigan center Dan Dworsky noted: "Notre Dame still claims that national championship and so do we."
On January 5, 1948, head coach Fritz Crisler announced that he had awarded varsity letters to 35 members of the 1947 football team.  The 35 letter winners were:
Mondo Magneto is the debut studio Rock album by Brian Ray, released on October 16, 2006 through his independent record label Whooray Records.
After decades of performing, writing and recording with musical artists, Brian Ray, a guitarist/songwriter/singer/producer released his first solo album, Mondo Magneto. "People have always asked me when I was going to do my own thing," Ray said, "I guess I was just busy."  
Unlike other albums, Mondo Magneto was recorded on analog, then moved over to digital for further editing.
When he asked the blues singer Etta James if she would sing with him on the album her answer was simple - and immediate - "I'll do anything for Brian."
Musicians on Mondo Magneto include Scott Shriner from Weezer, Davey Faragher from Elvis Costello's band, as well as Abe Laboriel, Jr., Wix Wickens and Rusty Anderson from Paul McCartney's band. The record release party was held at The Mint in Los Angeles, California on January 21, 2006.
Charleston Diggler (born June 27, 1974) is an American professional wrestler, best known by his ring name Ace Darling. Darling has wrestled in various independent promotions in Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and Delaware, most notably for the East Coast Wrestling Association, Jersey All Pro Wrestling, World Wrestling Federation, World Championship Wrestling and Extreme Championship Wrestling.
1After throwing Mest out of the team, Darling chose Glen Osbourne as a replacement without interrupting the championship reign.
The Microturbo TRS 18 is a small, low thrust turbojet designed and built in France in the 1970s. It was installed on both manned and unmanned aircraft.
The magazine published annual lists such as Top 300 brands. The editors of the magazine joined a jury members in the Epica contest on Europe's best advertising. The last edition of the magazine appeared on 18 December 2020. The parent company, Alma Talent, also closed two other magazines, Metallitekniikan and Tekniikan Historian.
This European business magazine or journal-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
See tips for writing articles about magazines. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.
In that year, 1573, Nobunaga besieged Odani castle, which was held by Azai Nagamasa. Asakura Yoshikage, leading a force to relieve and reinforce the Azai garrison, came under attack by Nobunaga's army. He sought refuge in Hikida Castle, and came under siege himself.
Tietz, co-founder of the Tietz Department Store, was the first to carry out the idea of the department store in Germany.
The Tietz family divided the German market into two spheres of interest. Herrmann and Oscar Tietz concentrated on the South and East, while Leonhard Tietz ("Kaufhof") was active in the West and in Belgium.
Oscar Tietz further developed the manufacturing side of the firm, establishing factories, organised in 22 subsidiary companies. During the 50th Anniversary celebrations of the Tietz Department in 1932, The Jewish Telegraph Agency noted that "the Tietz firm is still a family enterprise, and is conducted at present by Georg and Martin Tietz, the sons of Oscar Tietz, and by his son-in-law, Dr. Hugo Zwillenberg. 
In the Third Reich, all businesses of the Tietz family were "Aryanized" (i.e., seized from Jews and transferred to non-Jewish owners) and the family members emigrated. The Tietz department store was "aryanised" in 1934.
Oscar's son Martin Tietz  migrated with his wife to Liechtenstein in 1939 and his assets were seized by the Gestapo.
In 2020, the Hertie Foundation, one of the largest charitable foundations in Germany, was criticised for refusing to publicly address the Nazi past of its founder.
The registered version of Math Rescue remains available for purchase. It was also released on Steam in 2015 with support for Windows and Mac OS. The game can also allow the player interact with a pair of Stereoscopic Vision Glasses.
Math Rescue revolves around solving math problems. Boxes float in the air. Touching a box transports the player inside it, where they solve a math problem to get points.
Math Rescue includes three episodes, called Visit Volcanoes and Ice Caves, Follow the Gruzzles into Space, and See Candy Land. Only the first episode is distributed as shareware, while the others are available commercially. Each episode contains 15 levels. The game also has a learning mode to permanently enable word problems in the game.
Computer Gaming World called Math Rescue and Word Rescue "excellent choices for younger children ... though us older 'kids' will still find them entertaining. They are difficult to quit playing". The game was also given the award as "Best Education Software" in 1993.
This article about a property in Aiken County, South Carolina on the National Register of Historic Places is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The seat of the Legislative Assembly is at Chandigarh, the capital of the state. The term of the Legislative Assembly is five years, unless dissolved earlier. Presently, it comprises 117 members who are directly elected from single-seat constituencies.
The season was suspended by the league officials on March 12, 2020, after several other professional and collegiate sports organizations followed suit as a result of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. On May 26, the NHL regular season was officially declared over with the remaining games being cancelled and the Sabres missed the playoffs for the ninth straight year.
Below are the Buffalo Sabres' selections at the 2019 NHL Entry Draft, which was held on June 21 and 22, 2019, at Rogers Arena in Vancouver, British Columbia.
Joshua Samwel Nassari is a Tanzanian CHADEMA politician and Member of Parliament for Arumeru East  constituency since 2012.
Like a ball balanced on top of a hill, denser fluid lying above less dense fluid would be dynamically unstable: overturning motions (convection) can lower the center of gravity, and thus will occur spontaneously, rapidly producing a stable stratification which is thus the observed condition almost all the time. The condition for stability of an incompressible fluid is that density decreases monotonically with height.
If a fluid is compressible like air, the criterion for dynamic stability instead involves potential density, the density of the fluid at a fixed reference pressure.  For an ideal gas (see gas laws), the stability criterion for an air column is that potential temperature increases monotonically with height.
A number of approximate formulations are used for calculating equivalent potential temperature, since it is not easy to compute integrations along motion of the parcel.  Bolton (1980)  gives review of such procedures with estimates of error.  His best approximation formula is used when accuracy is needed:
A little more theoretical formula is commonly used in literature like Holton (1972)  when theoretical explanation is important:
In the mesoscale, equivalent potential temperature is also a useful measure of the static stability of the unsaturated atmosphere. Under normal, stably stratified conditions, the potential temperature increases with height,
the atmosphere is unstable to vertical motions, and convection is likely. Situations in which the equivalent potential temperature decreases with height, indicating instability in saturated air, are quite common.
David H. Crowley was born on September 5, 1882 in Leslie, Michigan to parents Daniel Crowley and Margaret Crowley. In 1905, David earned a LL.B. from the University of Michigan Law School.
On August 17, 1909, Crowley married Nina C. Barrett in Cheboygan, Michigan. Together, they had two children. Crowley was a member of the Detroit Athletic Club, the Knights of Columbus, and the Elks Lodge.
Oncideres chagasi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Martins in 1981. It is known from Brazil.
Libe Solberg Rieber-Mohn (born 25 August 1965) is a Norwegian civil servant and former politician for the Labour Party. She was appointed as Director-General of the Directorate of Integration and Diversity by the King-in-Council on 17 June 2016, succeeding Geir Barvik. She formerly served as a State Secretary in the Ministry of Labour and Social Inclusion and as Deputy Mayor of Oslo.
She graduated as cand.sociol. from the University of Oslo in 1994, and worked as a research assistant at the Norwegian Institute for Social Research from 1994 to 1995.
In 2005, when Jens Stoltenberg's second cabinet took office, she was appointed State Secretary in the Ministry of Labour and Social Inclusion. She held this position until 2009.
On the local level she was a member of Oslo city council from 1987 to 1991, and chaired the local chapter of the Workers' Youth League. She has also been involved in local politics in Gamle Oslo. Rieber-Mohn was the Labor party's candidate for governing mayor of Oslo in the 2011 local elections in Norway. She served as Deputy Mayor of Oslo from 2011 to 2015.
She was appointed as Director-General of the Directorate of Integration and Diversity by the King-in-Council on 17 June 2016, succeeding Geir Barvik, and takes office in August 2016.
This article about a Norwegian politician born in the 1960s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Phloeonemus is a genus of cylindrical bark beetles in the family Zopheridae. There are at least three described species in Phloeonemus.
Ambika Charan came from a family of wrestlers. His grandfather, Shiv Charan Guha, patronized Pehlwani and is credited with popularizing the sport in Bengal. Ambika Charan was born to Abhay Charan Guha in 1843 in Hogolkuria in Kolkata. The locality is near the Masjidbari Street near Hatibagan.
Ambika Charan suffered a serious injury at the age of eight or nine. At the advice of the doctor he began to continue his studies at home. He also continued his physical exercises and took lessons in horse riding at home. He was trained in Pehlwani by Kalicharan Chaubey of Mathura.
In 1857, at the age of sixteen, Ambika, founded the first akhara of Bengal, at the advice of his grandfather. Ambika then travelled throughout British India learning different wrestling and weight lifting tricks. He engaged in wrestling bouts with contemporary Indian wrestlers and became victorious in many of them. He came to be known as "Ambu babu" or "Raja babu".
His akhara became a pilgrimage to the budding wrestlers of India. Ambika Charan became a Pehlwani trainer and the budding wrestlers of Bengal used to train under him. Swami Vivekananda in his early years, learned wrestling in Ambu babu's akhara.
His son, Khetra Charan Goho, (popularly known as Khetu babu) also became an accomplished wrestler. Khetu babu's nephew, Jatindra Charan Goho, went on to become an accomplished wrestler who became the first Asian to win the World Light Heavyweight Championship in the United States in 1921.
The akhara culture subsequently flourished in Bengal and the Bengali Hindu elite were drawn into it. Hundreds of akharas began to proliferate in the nooks and crannies of Bengal, some of which later became the breeding ground of revolutionary nationalist activities.
This biographical article related to martial arts in India is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The 2009 Copa Indonesia Final was a football match that took place on 28 June 2009 at Jakabaring Stadium in Palembang. It was the fourth final of Piala Indonesia and  contested by Sriwijaya FC and Persipura Jayapura. It was Sriwijaya's second consecutive final having won the title last year. For Persipura, this was their third successive final appearance having lost their previous two, including a penalty shootout defeat to Sriwijaya in their most recent final.
Parker described Cox's sandpiper as a species new to science in 1982; this wader was later revealed to be a hybrid. He also named the extinct Kangaroo Island emu (Dromaius baudinianus) in 1984 on the basis of subfossil bones. He was the senior author of the first two parts (all that were published) of the Annotated Checklist of the Birds of South Australia, Part 1: Emus to Spoonbills (1979), and Part 2A: Waterfowl (1985).
This biographical article relating to Venezuelan rowing is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Drzetowo is located in Poland, an historical municipal neighbourhood of the City of Szczecin. It was merged with another historical neighbourhood (Grabowo) and has formed present Drzetowo-Grabowo neighbourhood.
All Japanese are familiar with the songs today, and most people have a great affection for them. Despite their somewhat recent origin, they are considered to be an important element of Japanese culture. The themes of the songs are very closely tied to nature. They reflect a more simple and gentle era.
Selim studied in Tangail Bindubashini Government High School up to class two. Then he came to Dhaka and passed SSC examination from Motijheel Ideal School. He was then admitted into Jahangirnagar University. He joined Dhaka Theatre in 1983 while he was a university student.
Selim is married to actress Rosey Siddique. Together they have two daughters,. In his early years he used to work for Reneta Pharmaceuticals Ltd. He studied in Jahangirnagar University in economics department.
Self-Portrait in a Gorget is a c.1629 oil on panel self-portrait by Rembrandt, now in the Germanisches Nationalmuseum in Nuremberg.
The International Bus Roadeo is an annual bus driving and bus maintenance competition, or roadeo, hosted by the American Public Transportation Association. A grand prize is given to the bus transit system with the highest composite bus operation and bus maintenance score. The bus driving competition consists of an obstacle course. For the bus maintenance competition, teams of mechanics must locate and fix defects in a number of bus power trains and other systems.
The International Bus Roadeo is the final competition in a system of qualifying roadeos held at the regional, state, and district levels. Bus operators from across North American are represented at the roadeo. For instance, the Corpus Christi Regional Transit Authority Roadeo winners go on to a state competition in Waco. The winners of each regional or state roadeo go on to represent their region at the international roadeo.
The name "roadeo" is derived from the rodeo competition. The original roadeos, which began in 1937, featured trucks in various categories going through the same obstacles that the bus drivers go through in the current roadeo.
The first International Bus Roadeo was held in 1976. Regional competitions below the international one have been held since at least 1982.
Each transit system is allowed to compete in the bus operation competition (the "operators' roadeo"), the bus maintenance competition (the "technicians' roadeo"), or both.
On the day before the competition, the bus operators are required to inspect an inspection bus and find eight planted mechanical defects, as well as one planted security-related defect. The mechanical defects can appear in areas such as flooring and seats; the security-related defect may consist of an "abandoned" briefcase or package.
Bus operators must drive their buses through a course containing various obstacles while under a strict time limit:
As drivers negotiate the obstacle course, their buses are equipped with a device that generates a "smoothness of operation" score. Awards are given in the thirty-five-foot bus and forty-foot-bus categories.
Bus maintenance teams usually consist of three employees from a transit system. In the technicians' roadeo, technicians must diagnose and repair various mechanical issues with buses. The roadeo consists of a number of portions:
Lars Thomas Sivertsson (born 21 February 1965) is a Swedish handball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
In 1996 he was a member of the Swedish handball team which won the silver medal in the Olympic tournament. He played all six matches and scored twelve goals.
Four years later he was part of the Swedish team which won the silver medal again. He played all seven matches and scored eleven goals.
This biographical article related to Swedish team handball is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about an Italian painter born in the 19th century is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
In 2011, former foreign secretary of Bangladesh Mohamed Mijarul Quayes paid an official visit to Chile.
According to a report published by Chilean foreign ministry's General Directorate of International Economic Relations in 2012, Bangladesh was among the leading Asian destinations for Chilean investment.
In 2013, Chile granted duty-free and quota-free access to the Bangladeshi products in order to strengthen bilateral trade between the two countries. The bilateral trade between the two countries stands at $30.37 million as of June 2013, with all of the trade accounting for Bangladeshi export to Chile. About 93% of the Bangladeshi export to Chile was of textiles and ready made garments. The rest included jute yarn, jute fabrics, foot wears, caps and pharmaceuticals products.
Werner Risi (born 15 July 1940) is a Swiss former swimmer. He competed in the men's 200 metre breaststroke at the 1960 Summer Olympics.
This biographical article related to a Swiss swimmer is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Lasswell stated that the "Who" referred to "control analysis", the "Says What" referred to "content analysis", the "In Which Channel" referred to "media analysis", the "To Whom" referred to "audience analysis", and the "With What Effect" referred to "effect analysis".
"The Structure and Function of Communication in Society" was reprinted in 1949, 1960, 1966, and 1971. However, the questions and the model did not change.
SS Wimmera was a passenger steamship that was built in 1904 by Caird & Company in Greenock, Scotland, for Huddart Parker & Co of Melbourne, Australia. She was sunk on 26 June 1918 by a German mine north of Cape Maria van Diemen, New Zealand, killing 26 passengers and crew.
The 16 Australian merchant seamen who were killed are commemorated by the Australian Merchant Seamen's Memorial at the Australian War Memorial.
The Tsunami was developed from the La Mouette Top Secret as a rigid wing competition hang glider. Thevenot decided to market it under his Helite brand which was also used for a line of powered parachutes. Available c. 2003, the aircraft is now out of production and the brand is no longer used.
The larvae feed on Picnomon acarna and Ptilostemon casabonae. They are pale greenish, covered with long white hairs.
This article on a moth of the family Pterophoridae is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Dolphin Dream Society is a Croatian non-governmental and nonprofit organization founded in Zagreb in May 2001 with the intent to promote environmental awareness, environmental protection and maritime heritage as well as sustainable development of the Adriatic Sea, coast and islands.  The association was founded by a group of enthusiasts inspired by the "Dolphin Dream", a novel by Adrian Predrag Kezele who was also named association's honorary president.
In its previous work the association has implemented a number of project activities with the program "Support the Adriatic Colours" (2003 - 2011) and its three projects: The Blue, The Green and The White having a special place and importance.
As part of The Blue project 15 cleanup of the shore and seabed actions were implemented with 30 tons of waste pulled out from the Adriatic Sea. These actions were accompanied by the national campaign to promote the protection of the Adriatic Sea called "Support the color of the Adriatic - Preserve the Blue, and the systematic development of the educational study ALTEA targeting Croatian high school students.
Today, following The White project, The Dolphin Dream Society is running the Maritima Art program - maritime heritage in responsible tourism. The program formed a comprehensive  tourist offer based on a traditional boat, as well as an educational program in order to preserve skills of traditional sailing with the lateen sail.
The women's 100 metres event at the 1999 Summer Universiade was held on 10 and 11 July at the Estadio Son Moix in Palma de Mallorca, Spain.
Lower-level reconstructions have also been made, and include Proto-Malayo-Polynesian, Proto-Oceanic, and Proto-Polynesian. Recently, linguists such as Malcolm Ross and Andrew Pawley have built large lexicons for Proto-Oceanic and Proto-Polynesian.
Below are Proto-Austronesian phonemes reconstructed by Robert Blust, a professor of linguistics at the University of Hawaii at Manoa. A total of 25 Proto-Austronesian consonants, 4 vowels, and 4 diphthongs were reconstructed. However, Blust acknowledges that some of the reconstructed consonants are still controversial and debated.
The following table shows how Wolff's Proto-Austronesian phonemic system differs from Blust's system.
Dyen (1963), including data from the Formosan languages, expanded Dempwolff's set of coronal consonants: 
Blust based his system on a combination of Dyen, Tsuchida and Dahl, and attempted to reduce the total number of phonemes. He accepted Dahl's reduction of Dyen's S X x into S but did not accept either Tsuchida's or Dahl's split of Dyen's d; in addition, he reduced Dyen's s1 s2 to a single phoneme s. While accepting Dyen's c, he was hesitant about T and D (more recently, Blust appears to have accepted D but rejected T, and also rejected Z).
Blust also observed the following mergers and sound changes between Proto-Austronesian and Proto-Malayo-Polynesian.
However, according to Wolff (2010:241), Proto-Malayo-Polynesian's development from Proto-Austronesian only included the following three sound changes.
Proto-Oceanic merged even more phonemes. This is why modern-day Polynesian languages have some of the most restricted consonant inventories in the world.
Below is a table of John Wolff's Proto-Austronesian voice system from Blust (2009:433). Wolff's "four-voice" system was derived from evidence in various Formosan and Philippine languages.
However, Ross (2009) notes that what may be the most divergent languages, Tsou, Rukai, and Puyuma, are not addressed by this reconstruction, which therefore cannot claim to be alignment system of the protolanguage of the entire family. He calls the unit to which this reconstruction applies Nuclear Austronesian.
Currently, the most complete reconstruction of the Proto-Austronesian case marker system is offered by Malcolm Ross. The reconstructed case markers are as follows:
Morphology and syntax are often hard to separate in the Austronesian languages, particularly the Philippine languages. This is because the morphology of the verbs often affects how the rest of the sentence would be constructed (i.e., syntax).
Below are some Proto-Austronesian affixes (including prefixes, infixes, and suffixes) reconstructed by Robert Blust. For instance, *pa- was used for non-stative (i.e., dynamic) causatives, while *pa-ka was used for stative causatives (Blust 2009:282). Blust also noted a p/m pairing phenomenon in which many affixes have both p- and m- forms. This system is especially elaborate in the Thao language of Taiwan.
CV (consonant + vowel) reduplication is very common among the Austronesian languages. In Proto-Austronesian, Ca-reduplicated (consonant + /a/) numbers were used to count humans, while the non-reduplicated sets were used to count non-human and inanimate objects. CV-reduplication was also used to nominalize verbs in Proto-Austronesian. In Ilocano, CV-reduplication is used to pluralize nouns.
The Proto-Austronesian and Proto-Malayo-Polynesian personal pronouns below were reconstructed by Robert Blust.
In 2006, Malcolm Ross also proposed seven different pronominal categories for persons. The categories are listed below, with the Proto-Austronesian first person singular ("I") given as examples.
The following is from Ross' 2002 proposal of the Proto-Austronesian pronominal system, which contains five categories, including the free (i.e., independent or unattached), free polite, and three genitive categories.
Below are colors in reconstructed Proto-Austronesian, Proto-Malayo-Polynesian, Proto-Oceanic, and Proto-Polynesian. The first three have been reconstructed by Robert Blust, while the Proto-Polynesian words given below were reconstructed by Andrew Pawley. Proto-Polynesian displays many innovations not found in the other proto-languages.
In Kavalan, Amis, and Tagalog, the reflexes of *timuR mean "south" or "south wind," while in the languages of the southern Philippines and Indonesia it means "east" or "east wind."
Also, the Malay reflex of *lahud is laut, which means "sea", used as directions timur laut (means "northeast", timur = "east") and barat laut (means "northwest", barat = "west"). Meanwhile, *daya only performs in barat daya, which means "southwest".
On the other hand, the Javanese reflex of *lahud, lor, means "north" since the Java Sea is to the north of the island of Java.
Below are reconstructed Proto-Austronesian, Proto-Malayo-Polynesian, Proto-Oceanic, and Proto-Polynesian numbers from the Austronesian Basic Vocabulary Database.
Below are reconstructed Proto-Austronesian, Proto-Malayo-Polynesian, Proto-Oceanic, and Proto-Polynesian verbs from the Austronesian Basic Vocabulary Database.
Sequences which are likely (or may have been) monosyllabic roots, but cannot be unequivocally reconstructed
Reconstructed doubled monosyllables phonologically but which cannot be proven to be monosyllabic roots
Sequences which occur as final syllables over a wide area but which cannot be reconstructed as a monosyllabic root
A former Irish athlete, Wall served as the International Secretary for BLE (the forerunner to Athletic Association of Ireland) from 1984 to 2000.
Elisabeth Carew (born 13 June 1985) is a Norwegian singer and songwriter. Carew is best known for competing in Melodi Grand Prix 2010 and 2014.
In 2014, Carew was announced as one of the contestants in the Norwegian national selection for the Eurovision Song Contest 2014, Melodi Grand Prix 2014. She is competing with the song "Sole Survivor". Carew competed in the third semi-final on 9 March 2014 at the Folketeatret in Oslo. She advanced to the finals, which was held on 15 March 2014 in Oslo Spektrum. Despite being a considered a favourite to win the competition, Carew did not make the superfinal and placed 5th-9th in the final.
Carew is the younger sister of Norwegian footballer John Carew. Her father is Gambian and her mother is Norwegian.
Oppositions was an architectural journal produced by the Institute for Architecture and Urban Studies from 1973 to 1984. Many of its articles contributed to advancing architectural theory and many of its contributors became distinguished practitioners in the field of architecture. Twenty-six issues were produced during its eleven years of existence.
See tips for writing articles about academic journals. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.
Shaheen is currently a member of the Syrian Senior national team and the Syrian U-23 national team. He was a part of the Syrian U-23 national team in the Mediterranean Games 2009 in Italy and he scored one goal against Italy U20 in the first match of the group-stage.
This biographical article related to Syrian association football is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
WCTT-FM (107.3 FM, "T-107") is a radio station broadcasting a Top 40/CHR and rock music format. It is licensed to Corbin, Kentucky, United States. The station is currently owned by Encore Communications, Inc.
Sir Richard Clive Mottram GCB (born 23 April 1946) is a former British civil servant, who retired in 2007 from his most recent senior post as Permanent Secretary, Intelligence, Security and Resilience in the Cabinet Office.
He serves on the board of a number of private and public sector organisations, including chairing the board of Amey PLC. He is a Visiting Professor at the London School of Economics and Political Science and member of the advisory board of LSE IDEAS. He is a trustee of the Royal Anniversary Trust, which oversees The Queen's Anniversary Prizes for Higher and Further Education.
From 1986 to 1989, he was the Under-secretary responsible for the defence programme, and from 1989 to 1992, the Deputy Secretary with responsibilities for UK defence policy and strategy, and defence relations with other countries at the time of the end of the Cold War. He was the architect of the "Options for Change' Defence Review.
After this, in 1992, he was appointed as a Permanent Secretary, first at the Office of Public Service and Science in the Cabinet Office. His responsibilities there included public service change, Civil Service management questions, and science and technology policy and the science budget.
In 1995, he became Permanent Secretary at the Ministry of Defence, where he worked on, among other things, the Labour Government's Strategic Defence Review.
Mottram was still at the DETR in 2002 when, after further controversy over alleged "burying of bad news" involving Moore and Martin Sixsmith, the department's Director of Communications, Stephen Byers announced that both Moore and Sixsmith had decided to resign. Mottram was in the middle of negotiations with Sixsmith at the time of the Byers announcement. According to Sixsmith he said to a colleague as Byers headed to the interview studios:
We're all fucked. I'm fucked. You're fucked. The whole department is fucked. It's the biggest cock-up ever. We're all completely fucked.
After Sixmith included this quote in an interview with the Sunday Times about his "resignation" it was picked up extensively in the media and tended to be reported in bowdlerised form as "f***ed", leading Tony Wright, the Chairman of the Public Administration Committee at the time, to comment to Mottram that "Our note-takers have trouble with asterisks."
Sir Richard has worked closely with a large number of Ministers and took the impartiality and professionalism of the civil service very seriously. His efforts to communicate the nature of this relationship were not, however, always successful. In his oral evidence to the House of Commons Public Administration Committee on 7 March 2002, he said
He was made chair of the Joint Intelligence Committee at time when the credibility of the organisation needed to be re-established after intelligence reports were apparently "sexed-up" for PR purposes during the chairmanship of John Scarlett. The JIC's role had come under scrutiny in the review of the information about weapons of mass destruction in Iraq and the Hutton Inquiry into the suicide of MoD weapons expert, Dr. David Kelly.
Sir Richard retired from the Civil Service in November 2007 when the responsibilities he held were reorganised into two posts, with the Cabinet Secretary taking on the Accounting Officer role for the Intelligence Agencies.
Sir Richard served as a Board Member and then from 2002 to 2004 President of the Commonwealth Association for Public Administration and Management. From 2008 to 2014 he was chairman of the Defence Science and Technology Laboratory Dstl. He was a Board Member of Ashridge Business School from 1998- 2015.
Mottram was appointed a Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath (KCB) in the 1998 New Year Honours and promoted to a Knight Grand Cross of the same Order in the 2006 New Year Honours.
Johnson was the Co-operative Commonwealth Federation Member for Parliament for Kindersley, Saskatchewan. He first won his seat in the House of Commons of Canada in the 1953 federal election and was re-elected in 1957 before being defeated in the 1958 general election in the Diefenbaker landslide. He attempted to re-enter the House of Commons in several subsequent elections as a New Democrat but was unsuccessful.
In 1977, Johnson was appointed to serve as Saskatchewan's agent-general in London, England. He also served for several years as president of the Saskatchewan CCF-NDP and was president of the federal New Democratic Party of Canada from 1963 to 1965. He died in Victoria, British Columbia in July 2019 at the age of 96.
Gent was a pornographic magazine published by the Magna Publishing Group, publisher of Swank, Genesis, Velvet and many other popular men's magazines. It focused on women with large breasts, and is subtitled "Home of the D-Cups".
It continued to be a market for popular fiction through the 1970s, 80s (then put out by Dugent Publishing Corp.) and 90s, publishing pieces such as "Strawberry Spring" by Stephen King. In later years, it was owned by the Princeton Media Group, publisher of other similar magazines such as Oui at which time it was derided by some as a "working-class Playboy wannabe", and overshadowed by the publicity surrounding Hustler publisher Larry Flynt.
Another Gent magazine was published in Japan in the 1980s. Targeted at local fans of Western adult films, it was unrelated to the American publication and had a glossier look.
See tips for writing articles about magazines. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.
Farr married the former Anita Nicholson Harris in 1901, and the couple had two daughters, Jane and Anita, and an infant son who did not survive.
As part of one of his first English classes at the new university, Farr implemented an honor system in 1905.  Other faculty members thought the honor system was a good idea, and began to implement it in their own classes on an ad hoc basis.  In 1914, the students requested the creation of a school-wide honor code, and university president Albert A. Murphree and the Florida Board of Control approved the concept in 1916.
Farr also served as the first vice president of the University of Florida from its inception in 1905 until his retirement, and it fell upon him to lead the university through the world-wide influenza epidemic of 1918 when president Murphree was incapacitated with the illness.  Hundreds of the university's students and faculty fell ill with the deadly "Spanish flu," and although one professor and several students died, the university was fortunate to suffer few fatalities.
Farr died in 1958.  He was one of the University of Florida's last living links to the generation that was responsible for the university's creation in 1905.  Farr's unpublished manuscript, The Making of a University, provides a first-hand account of the politics surrounding the creation of the university, and serves as one of the primary sources regarding the university's early history from its inception in 1905 through his retirement in 1934.
"Homer and Lisa Exchange Cross Words" is the sixth episode of the twentieth season of the American animated television series The Simpsons. It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on November 16, 2008. In the episode, Lisa discovers that she has a talent for solving crossword puzzles, and she enters a crossword tournament. Lisa's feelings are hurt when she discovers that Homer bet against her in the championship match.
The episode received generally positive reviews from critics, and finished fourth in its timeslot during its initial airing on Fox, with a 3.9 Nielsen rating.
The episode features three musical montages: the sequence of Homer helping couples to break up features "Farewell to You, Baby" by Carl Martin, Homer's gambling on Lisa's puzzle solving is set to "Word Up!" by Cameo and "Fanfare for the Common Man" plays in the background of the montage of words removed from the dictionary.
Tim Long was nominated for Writers Guild of America Award in the animation category for writing the episode.
Robert Canning of IGN did not think there was anything "terrible" about the episode, but he did not think there was anything to get excited about, either. Canning thought there were a number of throwaway jokes in the episode that he felt worked well, "but the episode as a whole failed to grab me. As stated, there are a number of episodes that already fit this mold, and most of those are far superior."
Daniel Aughey of TV Guide thought the episode provided a "healthy balance" of humor, story and heart. "Exactly what makes a great Simpsons episode!" Aughey would have liked to see Homer's storyline explored as an A story in its own episode rather than cut short as a C story.
Allen Wheelis succeeded as a writer. Over a period of five decades, he crafted a series of novels while also writing a substantial body of wide-ranging works that has gone on to influence students and the educated public alike. He wrote prolifically, authoring 14 books including novels and memoirs, as well as several pieces for Commentary, The New Yorker, and various professional journals.
Many of Wheelis's writings have been acclaimed by critics. His writings are typified by a profound philosophical pessimism, and "drew heavily from his experiences as both a doctor and a man hobbled by neuroses". However, his wife Ilse Wheelis is not alone in pointing out that though Wheelis "had a pessimistic outlook on the human condition . . . he also celebrated it. He believed people could find happiness".
A story that appeared in Wheelis's nonfiction book The Illusionless Man: Fantasies and Meditations on Disillusionment, published in 1966, was the basis of John Korty's film The Crazy-Quilt.
Wheelis's essay "Spirit" was included in Douglas Hofstadter and Daniel Dennett's 1981 collection The Mind's I: Fantasies and Reflections on Self and Soul.
In his book, How People Change: Freedom & Necessity, published in 1975, Wheelis describes in detail a defining story about his relationship with his father. The author states that these childhood events not only caused his writing but also what he writes and the conclusions he comes to. He sees in this the determinism he wants to destroy and asks how to get free of it.
"Desire is endless and unappeasable, is most intense where most forbidden, and is never far from despair."
"We must affirm freedom and responsibility without denying that we are the product of circumstance, and must affirm that we are the product of circumstance without denying that we have the freedom to transcend that causality to become something which could not even have been provisioned from the circumstances which shaped us."
The D403 state road is scheduled for a reconstruction in order to provide a more efficient connection to the Port of Rijeka, but those plans have been postponed. Currently, D-403 comprises many urban at-grade intersections within the city of Rijeka.
The road, as well as all other state roads in Croatia, is managed and maintained by Hrvatske ceste, state owned company.
Jim R. Trujillo is an American politician and businessman who served as a Democratic member of the New Mexico House of Representatives from 2003 to 2020. Trujillo was appointed by Governor Bill Richardson to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Patsy Trujillo (no relation).
Trujillo graduated from Pojoaque High School and studied architecture at the College of Santa Fe (now the Santa Fe University of Art and Design).
A businessman, Trujillo owned an operated a store. He was appointed to the New Mexico House of Representatives in 2003. In 2019, he announced that he would not seek re-election in 2020.
Justice Asok Kumar Ganguly is an Indian jurist. He served as the Chairman of the West Bengal Human Rights Commission and as a Judge of the Supreme Court of India who delivered judgements in some high-profile cases like the 2G spectrum case.
Justice Ganguly was born on 3 February 1947. He graduated in M.A (English) from University of Calcutta in 1968 and then passed LLB from the same university in 1970.
Sport in Afghanistan is managed by the Afghan Sports Federation. Cricket and association football are the two most popular sports in Afghanistan. The traditional and the national sport of Afghanistan is Buzkashi. The Afghan Sports Federation promotes cricket, association football, basketball, volleyball, golf, handball, boxing, taekwondo, weightlifting, bodybuilding, track and field, skating, bowling, snooker, chess, and other sports in the country.
Cricket is the most popular sport in Afghanistan and is one of the main sports that Afghans participate in and watch on television. In the national level, cricket matches are played between provinces, mainly between the south and eastern provinces of the country.  According to locals, cricket has helped Afghanistan in bringing unity.
Afghanistan Cricket Board (ACB) is the official governing body of the sport of cricket in Afghanistan. Its current headquarters is in Kabul, Afghanistan. The Afghanistan Cricket Board is Afghanistan's representative at the International Cricket Council and was an associate member of ICC from June 2013 to 2017. Now it is one of the full members of ICC since 2017. It is also a member of the Asian Cricket Council.
Starting from 2017 season, Afghanistan has a four-day first-class competition (Ahmad Shah Abdali 4-day Tournament), a 50-over List A competition (Ghazi Amanullah Khan Regional One Day Tournament) and a recognized Twenty20 league (Shpageeza Cricket League).
Today, cricket is the most popular sport in Afghanistan, and the Afghanistan team has made quick progress in the international arena through winning a number of international competitions.
Buzkashi is the traditional and national sport and a "passion" in Afghanistan where it is often played on Fridays and special events, matches draw thousands of fans. Whitney Azoy notes in his book Buzkashi: Game and Power in Afghanistan that "leaders are men who can seize control by means foul and fair and then fight off their rivals. The Buzkashi rider does the same". Traditionally, games could last for several days, but in its more regulated tournament version, it has a limited match time.
Basketball was first played in Afghanistan in 1936. In 1966, the Afghanistan National Olympic Committee (ANOC) founded the Afghanistan national basketball team after receiving challenges from India and Pakistan. Tom Gouttierre, an American Peace Corps and coach of the team at Habibia High School, became the first coach. It is played by both Afghan men and women.
Afghans have taken a recent interest in the Mixed Martial Arts. There are several gyms in Afghanistan which promote the sport and have fighters. Siyar Bahadurzada is mixed martial artists who compete in the Ultimate Fighting Championship. They are well known for holding and wearing the Afghan flag around themselves before and after their professional fights.
Rohullah Nikpai was the first Afghan representative of his nation to win a medal for Afghanistan in the Olympics. He won Bronze in the 2008 and 2012 Olympics, the only two occasions Afghanistan have received medals. This sport has recently thrived in Afghanistan by his influence.
Boxing has recently flourished in Afghanistan, with Hamid Rahimi having a huge influence in the country. The first ever boxing match in Afghanistan was held in 2012 with Rahimi fighting and winning by TKO (Technical Knockout).
Bodybuilding is widely enjoyed in Afghanistan. An Afghan by the name of Ahmad Yasi Salik Qaderi ("Mr. Muscles") became the overall winner of the 2017 World Championship in Bodybuilding and Fitness, which was held in Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia.
Other sports in which Afghanistan competes include volleyball, golf, track and field, team handball, rugby, weightlifting, ice skating, bowling, baseball, snooker, and chess. Saleh Mohammad is a professional Afghan snooker player, who previously represented Pakistan in international competitions but is now representing Afghanistan.
Buzkashi is a traditional sport and it is mostly played by people in northern Afghanistan and in Central Asia, as well as in northwestern parts of neighboring Pakistan.
The Afghanistan Rugby Federation (ARF) was formed in 2011, and is registered with the National Olympic Committee and approved by the Government of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan. The national team participated in the 2018 Asian Games in Indonesia and took part in the Olympic qualifiers in South Korea in 2019.
In 2015 Afghanistan held its first marathon; among those who ran the entire marathon was one woman, Zainab, age 25, who thus became the first Afghan woman to run in a marathon within her own country.
Lowell is a village in Dodge County, Wisconsin, United States, along the Beaver Dam River. The population was 340 at the 2010 census. The village is located within the Town of Lowell.
As of the census of 2010, there were 340 people, 136 households, and 89 families living in the village. The population density was 340.0 inhabitants per square mile (131.3/km2). There were 163 housing units at an average density of 163.0 per square mile (62.9/km2). The racial makeup of the village was 99.4% White, 0.3% African American, and 0.3% Native American. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.5% of the population.
There were 136 households, of which 31.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were married couples living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.6% were non-families. 27.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.06.
The median age in the village was 42.3 years. 21.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.3% were from 25 to 44; 31% were from 45 to 64; and 12.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.6% male and 49.4% female.
As of the census of 2000, there were 366 people, 142 households, and 93 families living in the village. The population density was 368.1 people per square mile (142.7/km2). There were 153 housing units at an average density of 153.9 per square mile (59.7/km2). The racial makeup of the village was 96.17% White, 0.27% Black or African American, 1.09% Asian, 1.64% from other races, and 0.82% from two or more races. 3.28% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 142 households, out of which 37.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.4% were married couples living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.5% were non-families. 27.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.18.
In the village, the population was spread out, with 30.3% under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 32.2% from 25 to 44, 21.6% from 45 to 64, and 10.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.0 males.
The median income for a household in the village was $43,594, and the median income for a family was $46,750. Males had a median income of $35,694 versus $23,333 for females. The per capita income for the village was $14,393. About 4.8% of families and 9.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including 14.7% of those under age 18 and 6.3% of those age 65 or over.
Jenni Ruiza is a Latina producer, actress, comedian, and writer from Bronx, New York. She was the co-founder of Comedy High, a comedy production company. She was also a co-host of  Fixxx Podcast.
Ruiza began her career in middle school where she wrote screenplays. She made herself the starring role of each, alongside the women who inspire her, including Bette Midler, Diane Keaton and Meryl Streep. She wanted to star in TV shows and films, focusing on her love for comedy.
Ruiza wanted to do comedic roles, which eventually led her to become a producer. She participated in Latino Stereotypes for Dummies. This short video was written by Jesenia and uses humor to explore the realities of stereotypes that Latinas face in the entertainment industry. Saturday Night Live served as an impetus for this project, as up until 2017 it did not include a Latina comedienne in its cast.
The podcast The Fixxx promotes Ruiza and allows her to voice her opinions. Ruiza takes part in feature films, television and commercials. Her works include Full Frontal with Samantha Bee, In Case of Emergency and has been seen in commentary for Buzzfeed, Fusion, and Come Here and Say That with Alicia Menendez.
The most common color is black and tan, which is also the original color. Lately, other colors have been approved: brown and tan, blue and tan, lilac and tan, yellow, pink, red and merle.
Due to its need for human attention and eagerness to please and impress its owner, the Prague Ratter generally responds well to basic training and commands. This bright breed has the ability to learn to perform many impressive tricks and tasks. Many owners claim that these dogs can easily be taught to use a litter box, thus eliminating the need for constant trips outdoors.
Establishing immediate trust and respect is key to successfully training the Prague Ratter. These dogs can be somewhat sensitive to criticism and respond best to positive reinforcement and reward-based training.
Prazsky Krysarik might be small, but is nevertheless an easy dog to train as long as it is treated consistently. It can be trained for agility, freestyle, obedience, tracking etc.
The sense of smell and hearing is highly developed, and Prazsky Krysarik is still a great rat hunter, just as its original purpose was. They have a high prey drive and will readily go after squirrels, rats, and mice.
Until the end of the 20th century, the breed existed and developed exclusively within the borders of the Czech Republic and Slovakia. By the second decade of the 21st century, several hundred Prague krysariks live outside Czech Republic. Breed clubs have been established in several countries. In addition to the countries of Western Europe and Scandinavia, Prague ratters live in Russia, USA and Japan. There is a small number of ratters in Ukraine, Kazakhstan and Italy.
In 2019, it became an FCI acknowledged breed. There are only about 6,000 Prague Ratters registered in the world and they usually only have 1-3 puppies per year. They are nevertheless presented at shows in the Czech Republic, Slovakia, and Scandinavia.
It is believed that the Prague Ratter is one of the dog breeds that do not have significant health problems. However, they can be prone to:
Riddoch was born at Turriff, in Aberdeenshire, Scotland, and arrived in Victoria with his parents and family in 1851, settling in Newtown, Geelong. He left for the Ovens River goldfields and was quite successful. He returned to Geelong and set himself up as a storekeeper and wine merchant. In 1861 he purchased Yallum Park Estate, a sheep and cattle station near Penola. He founded the Coonawarra fruit colony there, and built a grand residence; he was noted for his hospitality.
John was elected to the district of Victoria in the House of Assembly, and served from March 1865 to April 1870 with Adam Lindsay Gordon followed by James Umpherston then Henry Kent Hughes as colleagues, and from December 1871 to April 1873 with Edwin Derrington.
His brother George followed him as a member of the House of Assembly for the District of Victoria in 1893, and served a three-year term. In 1901 he was returned to the Legislative Council as a representative of the Southern District, and retired  at the end of 1909.
On April 1, 2019, Tucker and Carlile performed "Bring My Flowers Now" at Loretta Lynn's All-Star Birthday Celebration Concert at the Bridgestone Arena in Nashville.
The album was officially announced on June 5, 2019. The album's first single, "The Wheels of Laredo" was released with the album's preorder the same day, as well as its music video. Also on June 5, Tucker and Carlile performed "Delta Dawn" at the 2019 CMT Music Awards, where they were joined by Martina McBride, Trisha Yearwood, Deana Carter, Lauren Alaina, RaeLynn and Carly Pearce.
The album's second single, "Hard Luck", was released on June 28, along with its accompanying music video which features guest appearances from the album's producers, Brandi Carlile and Shooter Jennings.
The third single, a cover of Miranda Lambert's "The House That Built Me", was released on August 2 and its music video was released on August 26.
The album's fourth single, "Bring My Flowers Now", was released on August 16. The song's music video premiered on October 22.
"The Winner's Game" was released as the fifth single from the album on November 25. It had previously only been available with the album through Tucker's online store on a bonus lathe cut vinyl featuring the song and a personalized message, which was limited to 50 copies.
A live version of "Bring My Flowers Now" was released on December 13. It was recorded during a sold-out show at the Troubadour in Los Angeles on October 16. It was followed by the release Live from the Troubadour on October 16, 2020, a live album consisting of Tucker's full set from the show.
"Pack Your Lies and Go" was released as the album's sixth single on November 6, 2020. It had previously been released as a bonus track on the Target exclusive version of the album.
The majority of the album was written by Brandi Carlile and twin brothers Tim and Phil Hanseroth. The trio wrote seven of the album's ten tracks. The remaining three songs are covers.
The album received universal acclaim from music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream publications, the album received a weighted average score of 83 based on 7 reviews.
The album debuted at number eight on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart, selling 10,000 units in its first week of release, almost all in traditional album sales. The album also debuted at number two on the Billboard Folk Albums chart and number 68 on the Billboard 200. The album saw success internationally as well, peaking at number two on the UK Country Albums chart and number 60 on the Scottish Albums chart.
Ghobeishavi Previously played for Aboomoslem and Rah Ahan, both of whom participate in Iran Pro League.
In 2003, Ghobeishavi was summoned by Iranian Football Federation to attend a national camp in preparation for the Asian Nations Cup.
This biographical article related to a football goalkeeper from Iran is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Wikipedia does not currently have an article on "antemedial", but our sister project Wiktionary does:
In linear algebra, the trace of a square matrix A, denoted tr(A), is defined to be the sum of elements on the main diagonal (from the upper left to the lower right) of A.
This follows immediately from the fact that transposing a square matrix does not affect elements along the main diagonal.
This means that the trace of a product of equal-sized matrices functions in a similar way to a dot product of vectors (imagine A and B as long vectors with columns stacked on each other). For this reason, generalizations of vector operations to matrices (e.g. in matrix calculus and statistics) often involve a trace of matrix products.
where the first equality is because the traces of a matrix and its transpose are equal. Note that this is not true in general for more than three factors.
Unlike the determinant, the trace of the product is not the product of traces, that is there exist matrices A and B such that
When the characteristic of the base field is zero, the converse also holds: if tr(Ak) = 0 for all k, then A is nilpotent.
that is, the trace of a square matrix equals the sum of the eigenvalues counted with multiplicities.
Conversely, any square matrix with zero trace is a linear combinations of the commutators of pairs of matrices.[note 3] Moreover, any square matrix with zero trace is unitarily equivalent to a square matrix with diagonal consisting of all zeros.
The trace of a permutation matrix is the number of fixed points, because the diagonal term aii is 1 if the ith point is fixed and 0 otherwise.
The matrix PX is idempotent, and more generally, the trace of any idempotent matrix equals its own rank.
Expressions like tr(exp(A)), where A is a square matrix, occur so often in some fields (e.g. multivariate statistical theory), that a shorthand notation has become common:
The trace corresponds to the derivative of the determinant: it is the Lie algebra analog of the (Lie group) map of the determinant. This is made precise in Jacobi's formula for the derivative of the determinant.
which clearly has trace zero, indicating that this matrix represents an infinitesimal transformation which preserves area.
A related characterization of the trace applies to linear vector fields. Given a matrix A, define a vector field F on Rn by F(x) = Ax. The components of this vector field are linear functions (given by the rows of A). Its divergence div F is a constant function, whose value is equal to tr(A).
The kernel of this map, a matrix whose trace is zero, is often said to be traceless or trace free, and these matrices form the simple Lie algebra        s l    n     {\displaystyle {\mathfrak {sl}}_{n}}  , which is the Lie algebra of the special linear group of matrices with determinant 1. The special linear group consists of the matrices which do not change volume, while the special linear Lie algebra is the matrices which do not alter volume of infinitesimal sets.
For a complex simple Lie algebra (such as       s l     {\displaystyle {\mathfrak {sl}}}  n), every such bilinear form is proportional to each other; in particular, to the Killing form.
The latter, however, is just the Kronecker delta, being 1 if i = j and 0 otherwise. This shows that tr(A) is simply the sum of the coefficients along the diagonal. This method, however, makes coordinate invariance an immediate consequence of the definition.
which yields multiplication by n, as the trace of the identity is the dimension of the vector space.
Using the notion of dualizable objects and categorical traces, this approach to traces can be fruitfully axiomatized and applied to other mathematical areas.
Mariia Tailakova (born 12 March 2001) is a Russian table tennis player. Her highest career ITTF ranking was 84.
This biographical article relating to a Russian table tennis figure is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
She was taught by Rick Macci, a former tennis player. Macci taught many people including Serena and Venus Williams.
Black won two singles titles on the ITF Circuit in her career. On February 2, 2015, she reached her best singles ranking of world No. 404. On September 14, 2015, she peaked at No. 348 in the doubles rankings.
Black made her WTA Tour main-draw debut at the 2014 Abierto Mexicano Telcel. Having been awarded a wildcard, she played Serbian sixth seed Bojana Jovanovski in the first round, losing in straight sets.
Tornado and her younger sister Hurricane Tyra had at one point been referred to as "the next Williams sisters".
In 2017, she was sidelined by a hip injury. Black used GoFundMe to successfully get the $40,000 needed for the hip surgery. Her last match on the circuit so far took place in March 2017.
This American biographical article related to tennis is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Following the riot, Holmes and Hunter continued their education at UGA, graduating several years later and holding careers in their fields. The integration at UGA was followed by further integration at universities throughout the state in the following years.
3hreeSixty is a Hong Kong retailer of natural foods and organic foods. It is a member of Dairy Farm group. It offers earth friendly household products, non-chemically based personal care items and wellness-related lifestyle products. Its target customers are middle class families and its retail prices are higher than other supermarkets.
Vera Chaplina's special interest was the baby animals, and in 1933 she was put in charge of the zoo's motherless youngsters. In 1937 she became chief of one of the zoo's largest departments, the wild animals section Moscow Zoo.
Vera Chaplina worked at the Moscow Zoo until 1946, writing stories when she could find the time. Since then she has devoted more time to literary pursuits and became a full-time writer. Chaplina's stories were translated into English, German, French, Spanish, Portuguese, Japanese Chinese, Hebrew, Polish,  Czech, Hungarian, Latvian, Estonian, Romanian, Danish, Swedish, and Serbian.
New Hate is the second EP by Israeli groove metal band Betzefer, released in May 2003. It was mixed by ex-Eternal Gray guitarist Eyal Glotman and recorded in his studio, with mastering by Maor Appelbaum.
This was the band's last unsigned release, as their next release was already on the Roadrunner Records label.
Acalolepta siporensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1939. It is known from Indonesia.
"Cartucho" means "cartridge" in Spanish, and refers to the characteristic belts of ammunition worn by Mexican revolutionary soldiers. It also, however, is the nickname of a character introduced in the book's opening vignette. As for the reasons for keeping the Spanish term in the English translation, Campobello's translator explains that "the English equivalent [. . .] has none of the Spanish rhythm and feeling."
On its initial publication, the book was somewhat overlooked, in part because Campobello was marginalized as a Villista at a time when most of the literature and films of the Revolution were openly against Pancho Villa. Still, Max Parra argues that critical reception was favourable among "the small world of Mexico City's intellectual community" and quotes the 1935 assessment of Berta Gamboa de Camino, who described the book as "alive and real, breathing, full of human feeling and deep pathos."
Moreover, due to its distinctive style and testimonial impact, as well as the fact that it is the only major portrayal of the Revolution written by a woman, Cartucho has increasingly been recognized as a major literary work from this era. 
She has participated at the 2012 Summer Olympics and finished on 7th place in Group All-Around final.
She has competed at world championships, including at the 2015 World Rhythmic Gymnastics Championships, where she won the bronze medal in the 5 ribbons event and eventually competed alongside her teammates Airi Hatakeyama, Sakura Noshitani, Sayuri Sugimoto and Kiko Yokota at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, finishing outside of medals in the group all-around final with an eight-place score of 34.200.
This biographical article related to Japanese rhythmic gymnastics is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Chippewa Valley Technical College is one of the 16 technical and community colleges in the Wisconsin Technical College System, centered in Eau Claire, Wisconsin.  It serves an eleven-county area with the largest campus located in Eau Claire (actually home to three separate campuses:  Clairemont, Gateway, and West) with major regional centers in Chippewa Falls, Menomonie, Neillsville and River Falls.
This article about a university or college in Wisconsin is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Armand Drevina (born 3 February 1994) is a German-Kosovar footballer who plays as a midfielder for SC Borussia Freialdenhoven.
This biographical article related to association football in Germany, about a midfielder born in the 1990s, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Semaj Rakim Christon (born November 1, 1992) is an American professional basketball player for ratiopharm Ulm of the German Basketball Bundesliga. He played college basketball for Xavier.
The Cincinnati, Ohio native attended Winton Woods High School with whom he led the Fort Ancient Valley Conference in scoring as a senior with 21 points per game, adding 5.2 assists. He was a District 16 Player of the Year, Fort Ancient Valley Conference West Division Player of the Year, Cincinnati Enquirer All-Star, All-Southwest District Second-Team selection, and Honorable Mention All-State.
In July 2011, Christon committed to Xavier, playing in the Atlantic 10 Conference of the NCAA Division I, but would join the team in 2012, first attending prep school Brewster Academy along with fellow recruit Jalen Reynolds. Christon, rated a four star recruit by Rivals.com, chose Cincinnati college Xavier over reported offers from Illinois, Providence and Georgetown.
At Brewster, he was part of a star-studded lineup that included future NBA players JaKarr Sampson, T. J. Warren and Mitch McGary, serving as the floor general and assist-provider as the school romped to a 32-1 record and a National Prep School Championship, with Christon earning All-NESPAC First Team honours.
During his high school career, Christon also played AAU basketball for Club Ohio, participating in the Under-17 National Championship, and later on for the Cincinnati Knights.
In March 2014, Christon declared himself as an early entrant for the NBA draft, forgoing his two remaining years of college eligibility. Despite speculation that he would withdraw his entry, Christon hired an agent and submitted the paperwork in April 2014, thereby ensuring he wouldn't return to Xavier for his junior season.
Christon finished his collegiate career with 1,034 points in 64 games (16.2 average), adding 281 assists (4.4), he led the Musketeers in scoring and steals during both of the seasons he played and in assists during his freshman season.
Projected to be drafted anywhere between the late first round and late second round, Christon was selected by the Miami Heat with the 55th overall pick in the 2014 NBA draft on June 26. His draft rights were later traded to the Charlotte Hornets, and then again to the Oklahoma City Thunder. He joined the Thunder for the 2014 NBA Summer League where he experienced his first taste of professional basketball.
Later that summer, Christon moved to the Italian Serie A, signing with Consultinvest Pesaro on August 3, 2015. In 30 games, he averaged 14.3 points, 3.7 assists, 3.3 rebounds and 1.6 steals in 33.2 minutes per game.
On July 31, 2018, Christon signed with the Puerto Rican team Santeros de Aguada for the rest of the 2018 BSN season.
On January 27, 2020, Christon officially signed with Kirolbet Baskonia of the Liga ACB and the EuroLeague. He averaged 9 points, 3.2 rebounds and 2.7 assists per game in ACB competition. The team opted out of Christon's contract on July 1.
On November 14, 2017, Christon was named a member of the United States national team for the 2019 FIBA World Cup qualification. Christon led the team to a 2-0 record during the November first-round games, played in both games, averaged 13.5 minutes, 6.5 points, 1.0 rebounds and 2.5 assists per game, shot 44.4 percent from the field, 100 percent (2-2 3pt FGs) percent from 3-point and 100 percent from the foul line (3-3 FTs).
He supported the doctrine of the apologetic miracle being proof of prophecy, the non-creation of the Qur'an, intercession, and the possibility of seeing God.
Ibn Taimiyyah called al-Baqillani 'the best of the Ash'ari mutakallimun, unrivalled by any predecessor or successor'.
Fifty-five titles of works written by al-Baqillani have been listed, the great majority on legal and theological matters, and many written against his opponents.
Apataniidae is a family of early smoky wing sedges in the order Trichoptera. There are about 18 genera and at least 180 described species in Apataniidae.
Tata is a province in the Moroccan economic region of Souss-Massa. Its population in 2004 was 121,618. 
Isaiah Major (born January 9, 1970 in Chicago, Illinois, United States) best known as DJ Rush, is an American musician, DJ and record producer of electronic music.
Isaiah Major was born in Chicago, Illinois, United States. Isaiah finished his degree in Computer Operations, Anger Management and won several first place awards in Art competitions.[citation needed]
In the blooming house scene of Chicago, DJ Rush quickly rose to prominence in the electronic music genre. He made his first appearances as a DJ in the Chicago clubs Music Box, the Powerhouse and the Warehouse where he played his sets for up to ten hours. He also began producing.
In 1991 DJ Rush released his first single ("Knee Deep") on the label Trax Records. He began to gain ground in London and Berlin. In 1996 he released two full-length albums on Trax Records.
In 1998 DJ Rush successfully had a Europe-wide breakthrough with the record "Motherfucking Bass". It was widely regarded as one of the "club hymns" of that year. Following this success he teamed up with Tina Panitzke to start the booking agency and record label Kne'Deep in Berlin. In 2001 he displaced Jeff Mills as the Reader's Choice for most popular DJ in Groove-Magazine (a German magazine for electronic music released since 1989).
As his fame grew, he used his status to help up and coming techno artists get their breakthrough by remixing their tracks or releasing them on his label, Kne'Deep.  He sometimes DJ's and MC's simultaneously as a unique way to entertain the crowd. DJ Rush is often regarded as one of the most iconic persons of techno.
USS Guadalcanal (LPH-7), the third Iwo Jima-class amphibious assault ship (helicopter), was launched by the Philadelphia Naval Shipyard 16 March 1963, sponsored by Zola Shoup, wife of General Shoup, the former Commandant of the Marine Corps; and commissioned 20 July 1963, Captain Dale K. Peterson in command.  It was the second ship in the Navy to bear the name.
Career highlights include 21 July 1966, when she recovered the Gemini X astronauts and their spacecraft after they landed in the Atlantic east of Cape Kennedy, and 13 March 1969, when she recovered the Apollo 9 capsule and crew off the Bahamas. In October 1985 the ship logged its 100,000th aircraft landing.
Guadalcanal was decommissioned in 1994, and stored as part of the James River Reserve Fleet until she was used as a target and sunk in the Virginia Capes area on 19 May 2005.
On 1 November 1966, a UH-2B Seasprite helicopter assigned to the ship crashed as it was taking off from the flight deck. Guadalcanal was in the Naval Shipyard in Portsmouth, VA to start a major overhaul at the time.  Three Navy men and one civilian shipyard worker were killed and 12 others were hospitalized.  Nine more sailors and civilians were treated for minor injuries.
On 9 May 1968 she floated adrift off North Carolina due to a burned out bearing in the propulsion system.
On 27 January 1976 she went aground in Augusta Bay, Sicily on a peak of coral which pushed in areas on either side of the bow, but did not crack or hole the ship.  Three days later, with cargo, personnel, helicopters, and fuel off-loaded to assist the effort, the ship was refloated.
On 17 September 1981 near Sardinia, Italy, a USMC CH-53D helicopter crashed while attempting to land aboard the ship during training exercises killing all five crewmen.
On 25 May 1993 Guadalcanal and the USS Monongahela (AO-178), collided during underway replenishment off of Cape Hatteras, North Carolina  when Guadalcanal's main gyrocompass failed. Five crew suffered minor injuries and $1.635M in damage was caused to the two ships.
The Abu Sayda bombing was a chlorine car bombing attack that occurred on 15 May 2007, in an open-air market in the Iraqi Diyala Governorate village of Abu Sayda. The attack killed up to 45 people and wounded 60 more in the Shia village, the highest death toll of all chlorine bombings in Iraq. Iraqi and American military sources initially denied the use of chlorine.
On 26 February 2019, the President of Republic Sergio Mattarella inaugurated the Italian academic year in Tuscia University. His speech was held after the introductory intervention of Marco Frey, president of the Italian Foundation Global Compact Network. Subsequently, Mattarella came to the Monastery of St. Rose of Viterbo (for a private visit).
This Italian university, college or other education institution article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
He was born in Studdale, Waldershare, Kent on 30 June 1916, son of Ernest and Christine Langford-Holt, and like most of his family educated at Shrewsbury School; his grandfather, George Jones Holt, had served as Mayor of Shrewsbury. During the Second World War, he served as a pilot, first in the Battle of Britain and later with the Fleet Air Arm.
During his political career, his positions included serving on the Parliamentary Science Committee, the Estimates Committee, the Expenditure Committee and the Select Committee on Defence. During Churchill's later years, he was entrusted by the Tory Whips to look after the grand old man himself. He was knighted in 1962.
He was married four times, firstly to Elisabeth Neustadtl in 1943.  The couple were divorced in 1951, and she married Major Robert Rivers-Bulkeley. In 1953, he married Flora Innes Stuart, daughter of Ian St Clair Stuart, but the marriage was dissolved in 1969, after which he married Maxine Veale in 1971. After the couple divorced in 1982, he was married for the last time to Irene Kerr. He died in London on 23 July 1993, aged 77.
This article about a Conservative Member of the Parliament of the United Kingdom representing an English constituency and born in the 1910s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The GWC Band is part of the Coffee High School Marching Trojans. It is under the direction of Steve Myers, who is also the Band Director of the Coffee High School Band.
LANtastic is a peer-to-peer local area network (LAN) operating system for DOS and Microsoft Windows (and formerly OS/2).  The New York Times described the network, which permits machines to function both as servers and as workstations, as allowing computers, "to share printers and other devices."
InformationWeek pointed out that "these peer-to-peer networking solutions, such as Webcorp's Web and Artisoft's LANtastic, definitely aren't powerful, but they can act as 'starter' local area networks" yet added that even Fortune-sized companies find them useful.
LANtastic supports Ethernet, ARCNET and Token Ring adapters as well as its original twisted-pair adapter at 2 Mbit/s.
Its multi-platform support allows a LANtastic client station to access any combination of Windows or DOS operating systems, and its interconnectivity allows sharing of files, printers, CD-ROMs and applications throughout an enterprise. LANtastic was especially popular before Windows 95 arrived with built-in networking and was nearly as popular as the market leader Novell at the time.
The New York Times described the network, which permits machines to function both as servers and as workstations, as allowing computers "to share printers and other devices.
LANtastic was originally developed by Artisoft, Inc. in Tucson, Arizona, the first company to offer peer-to-peer networking.
Artisoft bought TeleVantage, and renamed the latter Artisoft TeleVantage. Artisoft subsequently bought Vertical Communications (September, 2004), and renamed itself (January, 2005) to be Vertical Communications.
Following the release of TeleVantage, Lantastic and Artisoft's other legacy products were acquired by SpartaCom Technologies in 2000. SpartaCom was later acquired by PC Micro.
LANtastic 8.01 was released in 2006. It can connect PCs running MS-DOS (also PC DOS) 5.0 or later and Windows 3.x up to 7 (in case of Windows XP and 7, some limitations apply).
In 1989, BYTE magazine listed LANtastic as among the "Distinction" winners of the BYTE Awards, stating that the $399 starter kit with two cards was "a lot of LAN for the buck" and noting that columnist Jerry Pournelle used it "despite the silly name".
Artisoft products were described in 1994 as "popular with small businesses." By 1996 they were able to buy the 1991-founded Stylus Innovation for $12.8 million.
A package named Lantastic-95 was designed to give more security than the Windows 95 "signon" screen (for which pressing ESCape is the way to bypass it) and also support "long name" files.
After success in her home country and stints with the groups Urban K Loud, Munchie and Exodus, Alda moved to London and received a solo record contract with Wildstar Records, scoring two top 20 hit singles on the UK Singles Chart in 1998; "Real Good Time" and "Girls Night Out". Her debut album, Out of Alda, was also released in 1998.
In motorsport rallying, a crew's due time is simply the time that a team is due at the next time control. If the crew arrive on or before their due time, they will incur no time penalty. In practice, because determining a winner depends on being able to sort finishers in order of accrued penalty points (those with the fewest wins), due times are usually set to be very difficult if not impossible to attain.
Due times can be specified using ordinary time of day, or using special timing schemes such as targa timing.
Lorenzo Justiniano Parra Garcia  (born August 19, 1978) is a Venezuelan Professional boxing who held the WBA flyweight title from 2003 to 2007. He has also challenged for the WBA Super bantamweight title in 2008 and the WBA bantamweight title in 2011.
On December 6, 2003, Parra beat Eric Morel by a unanimous decision, for the WBA world championship title. Parra was stripped of his title in March 2007 after he failed to make weight for a bout with Takefumi Sakata, and went on to lose the fight anyway. As of 2018, Parra is still fighting and currently on a 13 fight Losing streak.
There are several conservation areas that are home to the brown hyena, including the Etosha National Park in Namibia, the Central Kalahari Game Reserve in Botswana and the Kgalagadi Transfrontier Park. The maintenance of these protected areas aids in the conservation of these animals. Educational campaigns are being utilized to promote awareness about hyenas and dispel prevailing myths, while problem individuals are removed from farmlands and urbanized areas.
After leaving the Navy, Fleming became an announcer at a radio station in Rocky Mount, North Carolina. Here, he first shortened his name to "Art Fleming". His radio career later took him to Akron, Ohio, and back home to New York. He was the first announcer to deliver the slogan "Winston tastes good, like a cigarette should" for Winston cigarettes.
Fleming's acting career began at age four, when he appeared in a Broadway musical. His first television role was as a stunt double for Ralph Bellamy in the detective series Man Against Crime. In 1959 he starred as detective Ken Franklin in the ABC TV series International Detective, credited as Arthur Fleming. He also played attorney Jeremy Pitt in The Californians, an NBC Western set in San Francisco during the gold rush of the 1850s.
Throughout his career, Fleming starred in about 5,000 episodes of television programs and 48 motion pictures. After Jeopardy!'s first cancellation in 1975, Fleming returned to acting. In 1977 he played the role of W. Averell Harriman in the movie MacArthur starring Gregory Peck, and appeared in the comedy film American Raspberry, and also appeared in episodes of Starsky and Hutch, Kingston: Confidential, and the 1976 TV miniseries The Moneychangers.
Fleming also hosted a radio version of College Bowl for CBS Radio from 1979 to 1982. He hosted the NBC radio weekend magazine Monitor during 1972. Fleming reprised his role as host of Jeopardy! in the 1982 movie Airplane II: The Sequel and in "Weird Al" Yankovic's music video "I Lost on Jeopardy". Fleming was also often called upon to host mock versions of Jeopardy! at trade shows and conventions.
From 1979 to until his retirement in 1992, Fleming hosted a daily radio talk show on KMOX in St. Louis. On Sunday evenings, he occasionally co-hosted Trivia Spectacular with David Strauss, a St. Louis schoolteacher. He also hosted the syndicated radio program When Radio Was, as well as two installments of the PBS science program NOVA as part of the National Science Test, where a studio audience tested their knowledge of science against a celebrity panel.
Fleming died of pancreatic cancer at his home in Florida on April 25, 1995, six days before his 71st birthday. According to his obituary in the Los Angeles Times, he had been diagnosed with cancer two weeks before his death. He was cremated and his ashes were scattered at sea.
This biographical article related to medicine in the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Freedom 30 is an American sailboat, that was designed by Gary Mull and first built in 1986. The design is out of production.
  The "Fab 40" (i.e. "Fabulous Forty") was a weekly playlist of popular records used by the British "pirate" radio station "Wonderful" Radio London (also known as "Big L") which broadcast off the Essex coast from 1964 to 1967.
"Fab" (short for "fabulous") was a very fashionable adjective in the mid-1960s, associated with the Beatles, who were known as the "Fab Four", and much used by such trend-setters as Cathy McGowan, who presented the weekly rock music show Ready Steady Go! on independent television.
When the BBC opened its own "pop" station Radio One in September 1967, its sales-based top 30 chart was known informally for a time as the "Fun 30", no doubt in imitation of London's "Fab 40".
This biographical article related to a Japanese association football forward, born in the 1970s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Valued in the garden as a summer-flowering shrub, the cultivar 'Sybille' has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.
Government College for Girls, Hisar is a public funded college located in  Hisar in the Indian state of Haryana.
The college offers BA, BCom and BSc undergraduate courses in arts, science, commerce and computers, exclusively for girls.
Spectrotrota is a monotypic genus of moths in the family Pyralidae. Its sole species, Spectrotrota fimbrialis, is found in Australia.
The genus formerly also included Spectrotrota normalis, which is now considered to belong to the genus Araeopaschia instead.
The following is a list of Philippine television ratings for 2009 coming from AGB Nielsen Philippines (AGB) and Taylor Nelson Sofres (TNS).
For AGB Nielsen, Mega Manila accounts for about 48% of total TV households in urban Philippines. The Mega Manila and Luzon markets combined account for about 67% of the total TV households in urban Philippines. Non-urban households aren't included in both Mega Manila and NUTAM surveys. For TNS, Mega Manila comprises about 56% of national households.
Note that the National Urban Television Audience Measurement (NUTAM) does not represent the entire Philippines but only urban areas; NUTAM markets comprise 39% of the entire country. The Mega Manila market comprises 55% of the NUTAM market.
Winger is the debut studio album by American rock band Winger. The album was released through Atlantic Records in 1988 and was produced by Beau Hill.
The music was radio-friendly, but with a progressive twist. The lyrics, however, were typical of the age and genre.
The name "Sahara" appears in the lower right hand section of the album cover. The band initially wanted to call themselves "Sahara", but that name was taken by another band at the time. Though they ultimately chose the name Winger, "Sahara" remained on the cover.
A number of radio and video hits were extracted from the album, including "Headed for a Heartbreak" and "Seventeen", peaking at No. 19 and No. 26 at the Billboard's single chart. On February 11, 1989, the album peaked at number 21 on the Billboard 200, and after that stayed on the chart for 63 weeks. It achieved platinum status in the United States and went gold in Canada and Japan.[citation needed]
In support of the album, Winger toured for over a year with bands like Bad Company, Scorpions, Cinderella, Bon Jovi, Poison, Skid Row and Tesla.
Promotional videos were shot for the four singles "Madalaine", "Seventeen", "Headed for a Heartbreak" and "Hungry".
Sonia Denoncourt (born June 25, 1964) is a retired soccer referee from Canada. She worked for FIFA as head of women's referee development, Director of Refereeing at Concacaf and currently work as the North America Academy Director at You Are The Ref International.
Denoncourt began refereeing in 1978 at the age of just 14 and later decided to give up playing the game to further her career as a referee at the age of 22. Denoncourt became the first female FIFA accredited referee in 1994. She went on to referee the 1995, 1999 and 2003 FIFA Women's World Cups.
Women's football was made its debut at the Summer Olympics in 1996 and Denoncourt was selected as one of four female referees that would officiate in the tournament and she refereed the first ever women's football match in the Olympics when she took charge of a match between Germany and Japan. She also officiated a semi-final match between Norway and United States and was the Fourth official in the final.
Denoncourt was selected as one of the nine match officials that would participate in the 2000 Olympic football tournaments. She refereed two group matches, Australia vs. Sweden and Norway vs. China, and was picked to referee in the women's football final at the 2000 Olympics between Norway and United States.
On 22 August 2011 Malyi scored a tying goal for Ukraine in the game against Thailand at the 2011 Summer Universiade in China.
On 11 January 2017, Malyi signed a one-year loan deal with FC Tobol. After playing for FC Ordabasy during the 2019 season, Malyi returned to Astana in January 2020. On 2 July 2020, Astana announced that Malyi had left the club after the expiration of his contract.
This biographical article related to a Ukrainian association football defender born in the 1990s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This biographical article relating to Kazakhstani association football is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
In 2004 she collaborated with Laurie Anderson on the acclaimed O Zlozony/O Composite, a multi-media project for the Paris Opera Ballet with choreography by Trisha Brown, based on Czeslaw Milosz's poem "O Zlozony". The piece premiered at the Opera Garnier in Paris in December 2004.
Agnieszka Wojtowicz-Vosloo's first feature film After.Life, a psychological horror thriller starring Liam Neeson, Christina Ricci and Justin Long, premiered at the AFI Film Festival in Los Angeles on 7 November 2009. Anchor Bay Entertainment, a division of Overture Films, acquired theatrical rights for the U.S. and the U.K., and released the film in theaters on 9 April 2010. The DVD and Blu-ray were released in the US on 3 August 2010.
In a Wall Street Journal profile "Death Becomes Her" by Matthew Kaminski, Liam Neeson said Wojtowicz-Vosloo "reminds me a little of Kathryn Bigelow," the Oscar-winning director of The Hurt Locker. In July 2010 the filmmaker was featured in Elle magazine and on the cover of Gazeta Wyborcza, Polish newspaper.
He was born in Rome and joined the Jesuit order. He was later assigned to Florence and Loreto, before returning to Rome. Among his writings were:
which continued under the editors PC Caraffa and Filippo Briet. The work in 1761 was decreed to be prohibited by the inquisition.
This biographical article about an Italian historian is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Holtorf traveled inexpensively, avoiding hotels and sleeping in the car, from which the rear seats were removed, or in hammocks pitched near it, supporting his trips by map making. His map of Jakarta, begun before his voyages in 1977 but updated during them, is the first detailed map of the city. As of 2001, it was 385 pages long. Holtorf has also extensively photographed his voyage. His car is displayed in the Mercedes museum in Stuttgart.
Irish to the Core is the seventh album by Irish folk and rebel band The Wolfe Tones. The album features a number of political songs including Botany Bay and Rock on Rockall.
As a schoolboy at Scotch College, Heywood excelled in multiple sports including tennis, in which he won the Victorian Schoolboys Doubles title in 1942, and football, where he captained the team into an undefeated year in 1942. Heywood made his VFL debut in the 1943 season and after sporadic appearances that year was a regular selection in 1944, playing 16 of a possible 18 games. He was used mostly as a half forward flanker.
His football career was put on hold in 1945 with his service in the RAAF taking precedence. After being discharged from Darwin in 1946 he moved back to Melbourne where he undertook and completed a Commerce Degree. He won premierships in the Victorian Amateur Football Association with the University Blacks during his time at Melbourne University.
Heywood played another full season in 1950, including a game against Hawthorn where he kicked six goals, and retired after ten senior appearances in 1951.
As a sports commentator, Heywood called football games and appeared on panel shows on ABC TV as well as commentating on tennis matches at the same network. He also commented on Saturday football games for radio station 3AW.  He was a committeeman of the Melbourne Cricket Club and a promoter of its Gallery of Sport.
An election to the Llandeilo Rural District Council was held in April 1925. It was preceded by the 1922 election and followed by the 1928 election. The successful candidates were also elected to the Llandeilo Board of Guardians.
As in the past many candidates stood without party affiliations although an increased number of Labour candidates contested the industrial wards but the party lost ground following the party's defeat at a national level at the 1924 General Election. As in previous elections a number of the members representing rural wards were returned unopposed.
All members of the District Council also served as members of Llandeilo Board of Guardians. In addition, three Guardians were elected to represent the Ammanford Urban District and another three to represent the Cwmamman Urban District, both of  which also lay within the remit of the Llandeilo Guardians. A further three Guardians were elected to represent the Llandeilo Urban District.
Elected candidates at both Ammanford and Cwmamman stood specifically as Liberals, in contrast to the non-political nature of previous Guardians elections.
The three sitting members, including Henry Herbert, a Guardian for nearly forty years, were re-elected.
His mother was Mary (or Margaret) Hoare, daughter of Samuel Hoare (1716-1796), a London merchant from an Irish background, and Grizell Gurnell (1722? - 1802), of Ealing. The Hoares lived on what is now Stoke Newington Church Street, opposite Clissold Park. in 1824; and Samuel Jr, a banker and abolitionist.
His father, Joseph Woods the elder, was an abolitionist. He and Samuel Hoare Jr were two of the four Quaker founders of the London Abolition Committee, the predecessor body to the Committee for the Abolition of the Slave Trade.
Joseph Woods' early education was at home, where his parents taught him Latin, Greek, Modern Greek, Hebrew, Italian and French. Later (at about age 16) he studied architecture under Daniel Asher Alexander.
Woods was responsible around 1790 for the design and building of Clissold House in Stoke Newington, for his uncle Jonathan Hoare. In 1806 he founded the London Architectural Society and became its first President. In 1816, immediately after the end of the Napoleonic Wars, he was able to travel throughout the Continent and visited France, Switzerland, and Italy, studying their architecture and botany. Drawing on part of this experience, his book Letters of an Architect was published in 1828.
This biographical article related to a Pakistani cricket person born in the 1980s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Arsham Parsi left the organization and founded a new organization called the Iranian Railroad for Queer Refugees.
While living in Iran in 2001, Parsi founded an internet group that later became known as the Persian Gay and Lesbian Organization. The organization produces a monthly email newsletter called Cheraq (light) and has 6000 members in Iran.
IRQO provided an avenue for homosexuals in Iran to communicate with like minded activists around the world. Following the Iranian election protests in 2009, IRQO distributed an open letter from university students in Iran deploring the state of gay rights in the country. The organization also published a letter from gay Iranian Mehdi Kazemi after his boyfriend was executed and he was at risk for deportation to Iran.
In 2008, IRQO was one of the two winners of the International Gay and Lesbian Human Rights Commission's (IGLHRC) Felipa de Souza Award and Arsham Parsi received that award at the New York's ceremony.
Coal is an unincorporated community and coal town in Kanawha County, West Virginia, United States, along Cabin Creek. It was also known as Cofoco.
This article about a location in Kanawha County, West Virginia is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Former Associate Editor Journal of Operations Research; IIE Transactions; International Abstracts of Operations Research. 
His present editorial positions include the Editor-In-Chief of OMEGA - The International Journal of Management Science and the Co-Editor-In-Chief of International Journal of Management Science and Engineering Management.
The maiden voyage of Mexicano was made from Havanna to Ferrol with a light armament  of 80 guns under Captain Miguel Felix Goycoechea, who reported that the ship sailed smoothly and with endurance.
This biographical article relating to Estonian athletics is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Fowey Gallants or the Gallants of Fowey, was group of privateers and pirates who operated out of the port of Fowey, in Cornwall, during the Hundred Years' War in the 14th and 15th centuries.
Roseland Park is a now defunct amusement park previously located at 169 Lake Shore Drive in the city of Canandaigua, New York, along the north shore of Canandaigua Lake.  Roseland started operation in 1925 under its founder and original owner, William Muar.  It continued to operate for 60 years until its closure on Labor Day September 2, 1985.
The following is a partial list of attractions Roseland had at various points throughout its history.
A housing development now sits on the property where Roseland Park once was.  Though the park has long since shut down, its name still exists today in the form of Roseland Waterpark, which is also located in Canandaigua.
Karina Olkhovik (born 17 June 2000) is a Belarusian footballer who plays as a forward for Premier League club FC Dinamo Minsk and the Belarus women's national team.
Olkhovik has been capped for the Belarus national team, appearing for the team during the 2019 FIFA Women's World Cup qualifying cycle.
This biographical article related to women's association football in Belarus is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Interest in tiramisu in the United States increased in 1993 when Tom Hanks' protagonist in the comedy Sleepless in Seattle heard of it only as a mysterious thing that modern women loved.
Prosoplus grisescens is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1938.
Villars-le-Grand is a former municipality in the district of Broye-Vully in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.
The municipalities of Bellerive, Chabrey, Constantine, Montmagny, Mur, Vallamand and Villars-le-Grand merged on 1 July 2011 into the new municipality of Vully-les-Lacs.
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 2.9% and transportation infrastructure made up 5.2%.  Out of the forested land, 1.7% of the total land area is heavily forested and 1.4% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees.  Of the agricultural land, 77.4% is used for growing crops and 7.9% is pastures, while 2.4% is used for orchards or vine crops.  All the water in the municipality is flowing water.
The municipality was part of the Avenches District until it was dissolved on 31 August 2006, and Villars-le-Grand became part of the new district of Broye-Vully.
Most of the population (as of 2000[update]) speaks French (262 or 90.3%), with German being second most common (24 or 8.3%) and Portuguese being third (2 or 0.7%).  There is 1 person who speaks Italian.
Of the population in the municipality 134 or about 46.2% were born in Villars-le-Grand and lived there in 2000.  There were 55 or 19.0% who were born in the same canton, while 72 or 24.8% were born somewhere else in Switzerland, and 16 or 5.5% were born outside of Switzerland.
In 2008[update] there were 2 live births to Swiss citizens and 2 births to non-Swiss citizens.  Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens increased by 2 while the foreign population increased by 2.  The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources, including moves across municipal borders) was a decrease of 10 and the non-Swiss population increased by 2 people.  This represents a population growth rate of -2.8%.
As of 2000[update], there were 115 people who were single and never married in the municipality.  There were 154 married individuals, 12 widows or widowers and 9 individuals who are divorced.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SVP which received 39.93% of the vote.  The next three most popular parties were the FDP (24.39%), the SP (15.18%) and the CVP (5.26%).  In the federal election, a total of 96 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 43.4%.
In 2008[update] the total number of full-time equivalent jobs was 42.  The number of jobs in the primary sector was 38, all of which were in agriculture.  The number of jobs in the secondary sector was 1, in manufacturing.  The number of jobs in the tertiary sector was 3, all in education.
In 2000[update], there were 9 workers who commuted into the municipality and 100 workers who commuted away.  The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 11.1 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering.  Of the working population, 5.3% used public transportation to get to work, and 60% used a private car.
From the 2000 census[update], 78 or 26.9% were Roman Catholic, while 174 or 60.0% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church.  There were 3 (or about 1.03% of the population) who were Islamic.  23 (or about 7.93% of the population) belonged to no church, are agnostic or atheist, and 12 individuals (or about 4.14% of the population) did not answer the question.
In Villars-le-Grand about 98 or (33.8%) of the population have completed non-mandatory upper secondary education, and 23 or (7.9%) have completed additional higher education (either University or a Fachhochschule).  Of the 23 who completed tertiary schooling, 69.6% were Swiss men, 21.7% were Swiss women.
As of 2000[update], there were 18 students in Villars-le-Grand who came from another municipality, while 29 residents attended schools outside the municipality.
Edith Seamon was raised in South Orange, New Jersey. Her brother, Billy Seamon, and sister, Anne Burnstein, also became leading bridge players.
Jazz is Dead is an instrumental Grateful Dead cover band that interprets classic Dead songs with jazz influences. The group is notable in featuring veterans of jazz and jazz fusion ensembles. The group's composition has changed over time, and T Lavitz was the band's only constant member until they reformed in 2015 (five years after Lavitz's death).
In March 2006 the band set out for a month-long tour featuring the music of Blues for Allah to coincide with its 30th anniversary.
In 1999 Billy Cobham was replaced by Dixie Dregs and Winger drummer Rod Morgenstein and Phil Lesh and Friends drummer Jeff Sipe.
In 2001, guitarist Jeff Pevar (Ray Charles, Joe Cocker, Crosby Stills & Nash) replaced Jimmy Herring. Little Feat's Kenny Gradney also played bass with the group at some shows.
The group went through a few more line-up changes (mostly bassists and drummers) over the years including the addition of Dave Livolsi on bass in 2002 and the reinstated dual-drummer line-up of Sipe and Morgenstein in 2006.
In celebration of the 50th Anniversary of The Grateful Dead, Jazz Is Dead reformed for several shows in August and September 2015.  The lineup will include Alphonso Johnson on bass, Jeff Pevar on guitar, drummer Rod Morgenstein, keyboardist Chris Smith and one-time Grateful Dead pianist Tom Constanten.
In 2012 the group released the latest JID CD "Grateful Jazz", produced and arranged by Pevar, featuring T Lavitz, Jeff Pevar, Rod Morgenstein, David Livolsi and special guests, Alphonso Johnson, Luis Conte, Bill Evans, Jerry Goodman, Bill Holloman and Howard Levy. This CD serves as a swan song to the late T Lavitz. More info at http://pevar.com/music/jazzisdead-gratefuljazz/
He became 1,220th Knight of the Order of the Golden Fleece in 1921. After the war, he retired from public life. He headed the Order of St. George until it was dissolved by Nazi Germany.
Of the total of the 700 Indians captured, for their use as slaves, upon arrival in Cartago the number was 500, while 200 died on the road or escaped. Nine years after his capture, the governor of Costa Rica reported that of these 500, 300 had died from smallpox and measles.
On July 1, 1710, Presbere was sentenced to death by garrote, since Costa Rica had no executioner to apply the cruel death typical of the colonial era called "garrote vil", which consisted of the prisoner being seated in a chair to apply a tourniquet on the neck to which it was slowly turned.
On Wednesday, March 19, 1997, the Legislative Assembly of Costa Rica declared Pablo Presbere defender of the freedom of indigenous peoples. Pablo Presbere was declared benefactor of the country in the area of defenders of freedom.
The protagonists of the film are the Emperor Guangxu (who is presented as benevolent and wise, but constrained by the filial piety he owes the Empress Dowager) and Imperial Concubine Zhen (who bravely encourages him to resist the Empress Dowager).
In the first scene, Guangxu (Shu Shi) is invited to choose his wife from among the ladies at court. However, when he tries to choose the woman he loves, Cixi (Tang Ruojing) browbeats him into choosing someone else. The woman he loves is relegated to being a concubine, Imperial Concubine Zhen (Zhou Yun).
This is the year when the Boxers, in the name of defending the Qing dynasty, murdered large numbers of foreigners and Chinese Christians and besieged the Foreign Legation Quarter in Beijing.
Sorrows of the Forbidden City was released on DVD by Guangzhou Beauty Culture Communication Co., Ltd., in 2006.
Tomoxia carinata is a species of beetle in the genus Tomoxia of the family Mordellidae. It was described by Smith in 1883.
This biographical article related to association football in Scotland, about a forward born in the 1930s, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
He later worked as a guide at the zoo and in 1933 he was successful in becoming a student of biology, studying the reproduction of the red squirrel. He was influenced by the biologist Aleksandr Formozov. 
He then travelled through the steppe to Gasan-Kuli on the Caspian coast and found work in the eponymous nature reserve in Turkmenistan. Here he studied water birds. In 1940 he married zoologist Olga Nikolayevna Sassonova.
In 1941 the draft board referred him to a medical station in Siberia's Tomsk to fight tularemia. He contracted tuberculosis and became seriously ill during this period but recovered. He also continued studies through correspondence courses at Moscow State University and completed his examination in 1944. 
Prior to the 2018 Contest, Ireland had participated in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest three times since its debut in 2015. TG4 previously attempted to participate at the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2014, but required funding from the Broadcasting Authority of Ireland (BAI), which was rejected.
The first semi final was broadcast on 14 October 2018, in which Ryan O'Shaughnessy was the guest judge and the opening act.
Saibh Skelly and Jessica Doolan both advanced to the final duel stage and performed their songs for the second time. After their second performances, the jury members selected Jessica Doolan as the winner of this semi-final and she advanced to the grand final on 11 November.
The second semi final was broadcast on 21 October 2018, in which Linda Martin was the guest judge and Aimee Banks was the opening act.
Sarah Kenny and Kerry Ann Mc Creery advanced to the final duel stage and performed their songs for the second time. After their second performances, the jury members selected Kerry Ann McCreery as the winner of this semi-final, making her advance to the grand final on 11 November.
The third semi-final was broadcast on 28 October 2018, in which Brian Kennedy was the guest judge and Zena Donnelly was the opening act.
Anna and Ava and Cora Harkin advanced to the final duel stage and performed their songs for the second time. After their second performances, the jury members selected Cora Harkin as the winner of this semi-final, making her advance to the grand final on 11 November.
The fourth semi-final was broadcast on 4 November, in which Dustin the Turkey was the guest judge and Muireann McDonnell was the opening act.
Taylor Hynes and Shaniah Llane Rollo advanced to the final duel of the show. After performing for a second time, the judges decided that Shaniah would advance to the final.
Taylor Hynes (born 7 February  2004) is an Irish child singer. He represented Ireland in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2018 with the song "IOU". He previously entered Junior Eurovision Eire in 2016, where he failed to make the final. He returned to the selection in 2018 and came second in his heat, however a day after his heat was broadcast, he was leaked by Belarusian TV as Ireland's Junior Eurovision entrant. He was born in Dublin, but currently lives in Clonee.
IOU is a song by Irish child singer Taylor Hynes. It represented Ireland at the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2018. The music video clip features Hynes alongside Eurovision winner Niamh Kavanagh and 2018 Irish entrant Ryan O'Shaughnessy.
During the opening ceremony and the running order draw which both took place on 19 November 2018, Ireland was drawn to perform ninth on 25 November 2018, following Belarus and preceding Serbia.
Two Blondes is a short story from Charlaine Harris's series The Southern Vampire Mysteries, released on August 3, 2010. This short story is featured in Death's Excellent Vacation
This article about a fantasy short story (or stories) published in the 2010s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about a horror short story (or stories) published in the 2010s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Dairy Farm Nature Park is a 63-hectare nature park located at 100 Dairy Farm Road, Upper Bukit Timah in Singapore.
Formerly a cowshed, the building that is currently the Wallace Education Centre was restored and now houses the Wallace Environmental Learning Lab (WELL), as well as an interpretative centre where visitors can learn about the changing landscapes of Dairy Farm and Bukit Timah Nature Reserve through various exhibits.
Established by NParks and Raffles Girls' Secondary School, WELL is a holistic programme where primary and secondary school students will be able to discover more about Singapore's natural heritage through engaging hands-on activities.
With materials developed by Raffles Girls' Secondary School, teachers trained in WELL will be able to self-conduct various educational programmes, ranging from half-day workshops to overnight learning camps. This is the first time that such programmes are offered in parks. WELL will enable students to explore the trails of Dairy Farm, and conduct research such as water, soil, rock and insect studies, and carry out data analysis at the Lab.
The Wallace Education Centre, WELL, and the Wallace Trail have all been named after Alfred Wallace, in honour of his contributions to natural science. A contemporary of Charles Darwin, Wallace is the other "father" behind the Theory of Evolution. Wallace had stopped over in Singapore in 1854 during his journeys to the Malay Archipelago, and collected many species of beetles in the vicinity of the Dairy Farm site.
At the south-western end of the park lies the Singapore Quarry, which now offers visitors a tranquil setting with a scenic view. In such a short time, the transformation of the site into a wetland has attracted many fauna, including the little grebe - a critically endangered bird that was known to be found only in Lorong Halus, as well as many species of dragonflies - many of which are rare.
The flora consists of predominantly fruit trees which include: durian, rambutan, jackfruit and mango trees along with exotic plant species, such as heliconias, dumbcane and colourful climbers. The fauna consists of butterflies, dragonflies, birds, insects, and mammals. If looking in the right area, one may be able to find monkeys, flying lemurs, pangolins and bats.
"Good as I Was to You" is a song written by Billy Livsey and Don Schlitz, and recorded by American country music artist Lorrie Morgan.  It was released in January 1997 as the third and final single from her album Greater Need.  The song reached #4 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart in May 1997.
The song depicts a woman who, after learning her significant other (either her husband or boyfriend; no distinction is made in the song), confronts him in a restaurant, where he is dining with another woman. The woman angrily tells him all the good things she's done for him and expresses disgust and disappointment that he would respond by cheating on her. She then tells the other woman that she can have him and that she (the protagonist) no longer wants anything to do with her now ex.
Swallowtail butterflies are large, colorful butterflies in the family Papilionidae, and include over 550 species. Though the majority are tropical, members of the family inhabit every continent except Antarctica. The family includes the largest butterflies in the world, the birdwing butterflies of the genus Ornithoptera.
Swallowtails have a number of distinctive features; for example, the papilionid caterpillar bears a repugnatorial organ called the osmeterium on its prothorax. The osmeterium normally remains hidden, but when threatened, the larva turns it outward through a transverse dorsal groove by inflating it with fluid.
The genera of extant swallowtails are usually classified into three subfamilies, Baroniinae, Parnassiinae, and Papilioninae, the latter two being further divided into tribes. In swallowtails, besides morphological characteristics, the choice of food plants and ecological lifestyle reflect phylogeny and classification.
The Baroniinae are a monotypic subfamily, restricted to a very small region in Mexico and are considered to be the most basal of the subfamilies. Baronia brevicornis is considered to be a relict species, and shares features with a fossil taxon Praepapilio. Baronia is unique among papilionids as having an Acacia species (family Leguminosae) as its food plant.
The Parnassiinae are a subfamily of essentially Holarctic butterflies. The vast majority of species, mostly Parnassius, can be found in mountain habitats. Parnassiinines can also be found in other habitats such as "arid deserts (Hypermnestra), humid forests (Luehdorfia) and even lowland meadows (Zerynthia)". The tribes recognized in the Parnassiinae are Parnassiini, Zerynthiini, and Luehdorfiini.
The tribes recognized in the Papilioninae are Leptocircini, Teinopalpini, Troidini, and Papilionini.
An additional subfamily, Praepapilioninae, consisting of a single genus Praepapilio, includes two species of extinct butterflies, each member being described from single fossils found in a middle Eocene deposit in Colorado, United States (Durden and Rose, 1978).
For example, the eastern black swallowtail's main host plant in the wild is Queen Anne's lace, but they also eat garden plants in the carrot family, including carrots, parsley, dill, and fennel.
Egg. "Dome-shaped, smooth or obscurely facetted, not as high as wide, somewhat leathery, opaque." (Doherty.)
Larva. Stout, smooth or with a series of fleshy tubercles on the dorsum: sometimes with a raised fleshy protuberance (the so-called hood or crest) on the fourth segment. The second segment has a transverse opening, out of which the larva protrudes at will and an erect, forked, glandular fleshy organ that emits a strong, penetrating, and somewhat unpleasant odor.
Pupa. Variable in form but most often curved backwards. It is angulate, with the head truncate or rounded and the back of abdomen is smooth or tuberculate. It is attached by the tail, normally in a perpendicular position, and further secured by a silken girth round the middle. In Parnassius, the pupa is placed in a loose silken web between leaves.
Adult forewing of Graphium agetes. Second anal vein, 2A, extends up to the wing margin and does not link with the first anal vein, 1A.
Papilionid chrysalis are typically attached to a substrate by the cremaster and with head up held by a silk girdle.
Swallowtail butterflies practice Batesian mimicry, a behavior in which the butterflies' appearance closely resemble that of distasteful species that prevents predation. Swallowtails differ from many animals that practice mimicry. The tiger swallowtail butterfly (Papilio glaucus), exhibits a female-limited polymorphism for Batesian mimicry and others, such as the Canadian tiger swallowtail (Papilio canadensis) do not display any form of mimicry.
Predators include the red-winged blackbird, Pennsylvania firefly, five-lined skink, green darner, goldenrod spider, Chinese mantis, fiery searcher, and striped skunk.
After mating, the male Parnassines produce a glue like substance that is used to seal the female genital opening and prevent other males from mating. They lay individual eggs on the underside of the leaves of their food plants. There is no parental investment once the eggs have been laid.
The pupae are typically attached to the substrate by the cremaster but with head up held by a silk girdle. The Apollos, however, pupate in debris on the ground and also build a loose cocoon. In the temperate regions, the winters are passed in a pupal diapause stage.
Since swallowtail butterflies are large, colorful, and attractive, they have been targeted by butterfly collectors. The largest of these, the birdwing butterflies are particularly sought after and are cultured in butterfly farms to supply collectors.
Many members of the family, as larvae, feed on plants of the citrus family, Rutaceae. Making some of these attractive butterflies pests in citrus orchards.
The Oregon swallowtail is the state insect of Oregon. The eastern tiger swallowtail is the state insect of Virginia and the state butterfly of Georgia, Delaware, and South Carolina. The black swallowtail is the state butterfly of Oklahoma.
The following list includes all 81 waterfalls in Colorado that have official names according to the United States Geological Survey. There are also numerous unnamed waterfalls in the state.
The district was established in 1993 by merging the former districts (Kreise) of Finsterwalde, Bad Liebenwerda and Herzberg.
The district is named after two rivers - the Elbe river forms the western border with Saxony, the Black Elster (Schwarze Elster) is a tributary of the Elbe and runs through the district. The district is part of the Lusatia region. The fens along the Black Elster are a habitat of several rare animals, like common kingfishers, beavers and Eurasian otters.
Development of Population since 1875 within the Current Boundaries (Blue Line: Population; Dotted Line: Comparison to Population Development of Brandenburg state)
Recent Population Development and Projections (Population Development before Census 2011 (blue line); Recent Population Development according to the Census in Germany in 2011 (blue bordered line); Official projections for 2005-2030 (yellow line); for 2014-2030 (red line); for 2017-2030 (scarlet line)
The coat of arms was granted in 1995. The lion in the bottom left derives from the county of Meissen (see Saxony), to which the southern area of the district belonged historically. The black bars derive from the Saxony-Wittenberg county as the area around Bad Liebenwerda belonged there in the past. The red bars derive from the oldest coat of arms of Brandenburg, and the bull is the symbol for the Lower Lusatia area were the district is located.
Born in 1963, the daughter of playwright Charles L. Mee, Mee grew up in New York City. She earned her bachelor's degree from Harvard University in 1985, and went on to earn an MA and a Ph.D. from New York University's Department of Performance Studies, where she worked with Richard Schechner. She currently teaches Dramatic Literature at New York University.
In 1988, Mee directed the world premiere of Charles Mee's The Imperialists at the Club Cave Canem at HOME for Contemporary Theatre and Art, which received reviews from the Village Voice and The New York Times, and was picked up by Joseph Papp for a run at The Public Theatre. In 2000, Mee staged another production of The Imperialists at the Club Cave Canem at The Market Theatre in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
She directed two productions in Malayalam with Sopanam, located in Kerala, South India: Faust (1993) and Arambachekkan (1996), both by Kavalam Narayana Panikkar. She directed Kavalam Narayana Panikkar's play Ottayan at The Ontological at St. Mark's Theatre in 1992, and Girish Karnad's Hayavadana at The Ontological at St. Mark's Theatre in 1993.
In 2001, Mee staged the world premiere of First Love with Ruth Maleczech and Fred Neumann of Mabou Mines, at New York Theatre Workshop. She staged a second production in 2002 at The Magic Theatre in San Francisco with Joan Mankin and Robert Parnell.
The New York Times included Ferry Play in their list of top ten NY Fringe shows for 2015, and The Wall Street Journal noted that Ferry Play turns the Staten Island Ferry into an immersive theatre experience.
In Pool Play, audiences sat at the edge of the pool with their feet in the water for an exploration of America's relationship with the swimming pool that included synchronized swimming, an boatman, musical numbers, and a fish along with stories about segregated pools, and a meditation on pollution. Sarah Lucie of Show Business Weekly described it as being "well executed" and with a "strong ensemble." Theatre is Easy also reviewed the show.
Versailles 2015 is a site-specific play for a New York City apartment. The piece was reviewed by the New York Theatre Review, who said that the show was "over far too quickly."
This biographical article related to association football in Saudi Arabia, about a midfielder, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
John G. Fleagle is an American anthropologist, primatologist, and Distinguished Professor at State University of New York, Stony Brook.
He graduated from Yale University cum laude in 1971, and from Harvard University with a M.S. in Anthropology in 1973, and from Harvard University, with a Ph.D. in Biological Anthropology in 1976.
In 1931, oil was discovered on the ranch, commencing development of the San Miguelito Oil Field. This field became one of the most prolific oil fields in the region.
Ludmila Feodorovna Saunina (born 1952 in Yekaterinburg) is a Russian chess player, and a woman grandmaster.
She has won several women's chess championships: the Russian Chess Championship in 1972, the Moldovan Chess Championship in 1976, the World Senior Chess Championship and the European Senior Chess Championship.
This biographical article relating to a Russian chess figure is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
In postcolonial theory, the term subaltern describes the lower social classes and the Other social groups displaced to the margins of a society; in an imperial colony, a subaltern is a native man or woman without human agency, as defined by his and her social status. Nonetheless, the feminist scholar Gayatri Chakravorty Spivak cautioned against an over-broad application of the term the subaltern, because the word:
[There is] no need to hear your [native] voice, when I can talk about you better than you can speak about yourself. No need to hear your voice. Only tell me about your pain. I want to know your story. And then I will tell it back to you in a new way. Tell it back to you in such a way that it has become mine, my own. Re-writing you, I write myself anew. I am still author, authority. I am still [the] colonizer, the speaking subject, and you are now at the center of my talk.
As a means of constructing a great history of society, the story of the subaltern native is a revealing examination of the experience of colonialism from the perspective of the subaltern man and the subaltern woman, the most powerless people living within the socio-economic confines of imperialism; therefore, the academic investigator of post-colonialism must not assume cultural superiority when studying the voices of the subaltern natives.
Flag Off or  'Flagged Off  means official start or beginning of an event or undertaking. In this a piece of cloth, usually rectangular in size, and of distinctive color and design, is used as a symbol, standard, signal, or emblem and waved.
The network of channels are available in 54 countries, in 20 different languages, providing viewers with European and international sporting events.
On 1 March 1993, the cable and satellite channel Screensport merged with Eurosport; five days later, that channel's transponder space was taken over by RTL II. Eurosport eventually came under a French consortium comprising the TF1 Group, Canal+ Group and Havas Images. In January 2001, TF1 took full ownership of Eurosport.
In May 2007, Yahoo! Europe and Eurosport formed a co-branded website which Eurosport used as its web portal, including an online TV guide, in the UK, Ireland, Spain, Italy and Germany.
In 2008, Eurosport launched an online subscription service, Eurosport Player, that allows Internet users to watch both Eurosport and Eurosport 2 live, plus additional coverage not available via broadcast. During the 2009 Australian Open, the Internet player offered coverage from five courts.
Eurosport, having been one of the first channels to broadcast on the Astra 1 group of satellites, was the last satellite channel in Europe to broadcast in an analogue format. On 30 April 2012, shortly after 03:00 CET, the rest of the remaining analogue channels at 19.2 East ceased transmission. Eurosport's analogue channel finally ceased transmission on 1 May 2012 at 01:30 CET, marking the end of an era in European satellite broadcasting.
On 13 November 2015, Eurosport introduced its new brand identity and changed the name of its main channel to Eurosport 1.
In February 2017, Discovery launched the channel in India, branded as DSport which was later renamed to Eurosport in 2020. The channel was made available on various platforms in both SD and HD feeds.
In addition, Eurosport programming was added to Discovery streaming services Dplay and later Discovery+.
This is the main channel of Eurosport. A high-definition simulcast version of Eurosport launched on 25 May 2008. The first event covered in HD was the 2008 French Open at Roland Garros. On 13 November 2015 it changed its name to Eurosport 1 HD.
Eurosport 1 is currently broadcast in twenty-one languages: English, French, German, Italian, Spanish, Portuguese, Dutch, Swedish, Norwegian, Danish, Finnish, Icelandic, Russian, Polish, Czech, Hungarian, Romanian, Bulgarian, Serbian, Greek, Turkish, Cantonese and Croatian.
In Asia-Pacific territories, Eurosport offers a specific channel to this region. Eurosport (Asia-Pacific) launched on 15 November 2009. The service is available in Australia through Foxtel, Optus and TransACT. On 3 November 2014, a HD simulcast launched on Foxtel.
A supplementary channel featuring more live sports events, programming and news updates. Eurosport 2 launched on 10 January 2005 and is currently available in 35 countries, broadcasting in 17 different languages[a].
Eurosport 2 HD Xtra is a German pay-TV channel launched in 2017. Eurosport bought Germany-only rights for Bundesliga, Supermoto and other broadcasting rights. Eurosport 2 has no German-only signal and Eurosport 1 is free-to-air, so the new Channel was needed.
On 21 July 2021, Eurosport 3 HD, Eurosport 4 HD, Eurosport 5 HD, Eurosport 6 HD, Eurosport 7 HD, Eurosport 8 HD and Eurosport 9 HD launched in the UK and Ireland for the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo.
As of 21 July 2021, on-screen graphics and text are being shown on the respective channel. The text says "The best of [sport] during the Olympic Games Tokyo 2020 starts Saturday 24th at [time]". 
In the UK, British Eurosport launched in 1999, replacing Eurosport International on most platforms with some schedule variations and local commentary. The launch of British Eurosport and creation of programming specifically for the UK was initially funded by Premium TV, which did not have a stake in the sports channel, but received a share of the revenue. British Eurosport had live studio presentations of major sporting events and tournaments.
On British Eurosport James Richardson previously hosted the coverage of Serie A football on the Channel from 2002 to 2005 and 2004 UEFA European Football Championship with regular guests including Alan Curbishley, DJ Spoony, former Chelsea FC players Paul Elliott, Ed de Goey, Ray Wilkins, Roberto Di Matteo & former Chelsea goalkeeper Carlo Cudicini now at LA Galaxy, former England International Luther Blissett and European football journalists Gabriele Marcotti and Xavier Rivoire.
Will Vanders is known for his spirited coverage of K-1 events, and greets the viewer in Japanese, Korean, Chinese, and Thai to introduce the martial arts show, Fight Club, on Monday nights.
For tennis, studio presentation for the Australian Open, French Open, U.S. Open and WTA Tour Championships on British Eurosport is hosted by Annabel Croft with the segment Hawk-Eye presented by former British number 2 Jason Goodall. (Goodall was briefly ranked ahead of Chris Bailey, Nick Brown, Andrew Castle, Nick Fulwood, Mark Petchey, and James Turner, in May 1989).
British Eurosport covers the snooker season including ranking events not broadcast by BBC Television including the Shanghai Masters and China Open. Neal Foulds and former world champion Joe Johnson are among the commentators.
British Eurosport has also three figure skating commentators: former Winter Olympic Games competitors Chris Howarth & Nicky Slater, and veteran commentator Simon Reed - brother of actor Oliver Reed.
On 10 February 2009, British Eurosport started to broadcast most of its programming in the 16:9 'widescreen' ratio. After the collapse of Setanta Sports, rights for the 2009 season in the USPGA Golf tour reverted to British Eurosport.
In April 2010, Eurosport 3D launched but was only broadcast during a select number of events, such as the French Open and 2012 Summer Olympics.
Eurosport DK was a Danish television channel owned by Discovery Networks Northern Europe. The channel replaced Canal 8 Sport and Eurosport 2 in Denmark on 1 July 2015.
On 28 May 2015, Discovery Networks Northern Europe announced that they would merge Canal 8 Sport and Eurosport 2 into Eurosport DK in Denmark, broadcasting football from Danish Superliga, the Bundesliga, Major League Soccer, Capital One Cup, UEFA Euro 2016 qualifying, Tennis from ATP Tour, WTA Tour and 3 Grand Slams, Cycling from UCI World Tour, Winter sport, Motorsports.
Eurosport 3, Eurosport 4 and Eurosport 5 (and their HD equivalents) were additional channels created for the 2018 Winter Olympics broadcasting Olympic Broadcasting Services live and highlights streams for the duration of the Olympic Winter Games.[dead link]
A sports news channel on air from 1 September 2000 to 4 January 2018, featuring live scores, highlights, breaking news and commentary. The service combined video, text and graphics with the screen divided into 4 parts: a video section displaying highlights and news bulletins, a breaking news ticker at the bottom and a scoring section for in-depth analysis of results and game stats.
In 2016 Eurosport bought the rights for Formula One for Portugal and created a pay-tv channel for the occasion. It ended on the next year, after one season and the F1 went back to SportTV. The channel had more Motorsport competitions, such as Formula E, WTCC, Dakar Rally, and more.
Eurosport Australia was a short-lived sports television channel available from February 2020 until 7 December 2020. It was available on Fetch TV until the contract between Eurosport and Fetch TV ended.
Being an international channel, Eurosport's performance differs significantly between different countries. The figures below show Eurosport 1's share of overall viewing in some countries.
Eurosport provides viewers with European and international sporting events. It broadcasts different sporting events in each region. This includes several football competitions:
In June 2015 it was announced that Eurosport had secured the pan-European rights (except Russia) to the winter and summer Olympic Games between 2018 and 2024.
In July 2017 Eurosport had secured the domestic and international rights from 2017 to 2020 of the Italian Lega Basket Serie A (LBA). Eurosport is the new owner of the pay TV, international and internet rights. Eurosport has TV rights also for Italian Basketball Supercup and Italian Basketball Cup.
In October 2018, Eurosport has reached an agreement with the World Boxing Super Series for the exclusive acquisition of the Competition's broadcast rights in Spain
In October 2018, Eurosport sealed a 3-year deal to show British Darts Organisation major events BDO World Darts Championship, World Masters (darts) & World Trophy
In January 2019 it was announced that Eurosport will screen 39 ATP tennis tournaments including the tour finals in Russia for 3 years.
Eurosport Events (formerly known as 'KSO Kigema Sports Organisation Ltd') is the Eurosport group's sporting events management/promotion/production division, which promotes the FIA World Touring Car Cup (WTCR) and the FIA European Rally Championship.
Eurosport Events was also the promoter of the Intercontinental Rally Challenge, a rival rallying series to the World Rally Championship, and of the FIA European Touring Car Cup. The IRC ceased at the end of the 2012 season, with Eurosport taking over series promotion of the ERC from 2013. The European Touring Car Cup has been active until 2017.
Eurosport airs MotoGP and Superbike World Championship in various territories including the Netherlands, Belgium, Romania, France and Germany,
On 29 September 2015, Eurosport acquired the Portuguese broadcasting rights for Formula One between 2016 and 2018.
On 30 September Eurosport and FIM announced that they had signed a contract regarding partnership for FIM's international speedway championships where Eurosport will be the promotor for 10 years. They also announced a deal to show SGB Premiership matches live throughout the season.
Region-specific events are noted in the table below with a flag indicating the country it is broadcast in. If no flag is present, the broadcast is multi territory.
This biographical article relating to an American baseball pitcher born in the 1920s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This Yamaguchi Prefecture railroad station-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Pacifica: Australasian Theological Studies was a peer-reviewed academic journal that covered the field of theology. It was sponsored and later owned by the University of Divinity (formerly the Melbourne College of Divinity), which engaged Sage Publications as the journal's publisher from 2013. Pacifica was established in 1988 and ceased publication in 2017.
The journal was abstracted and indexed in Academic Search Elite, ATLA Religion Database, New Testament Abstracts, Old Testament Abstracts, and Current Contents.
The Biozentrum of the University of Basel specializes in basic molecular and biomedical research and teaching. Research includes the areas of cell growth and development, infection biology, neurobiology, structural biology and biophysics, and computational and systems biology. With more than 550 employees, the Biozentrum is the largest department at the University of Basel's Faculty of Science. It is home to 30 research groups with scientists from 45 nations.
In 1971, at the time when the Biozentrum was founded, the concept of developing an interdisciplinary biological research facility was unique in Europe. Scientists from academy and industry as well as representatives of the Canton of Basel-Stadt promoted the Biozentrum's development.
In 2021, the Biozentrum will move into a 73m high research tower which is being financed by the Cantons of Basel-Stadt and Basel-Landschaft. The new building will provide a modern infrastructure that meets the needs of modern-day research as well as enough room for 550 researchers and 800 students. The Biozentrum is headed by its director Alexander F. Schier.
Research at the Biozentrum embraces a wide range of topics, however one main focus all the research groups share is a strong interest to understand the molecular organization of living organisms.
The major areas of research are concerned with the structure and function of macromolecules, the wiring of regulatory circuits, and the general principles underlying complex biological systems and their dynamic interactions.
Currently, the research groups of the Biozentrum are grouped into five major areas of investigation: Growth & Development, Infection Biology, Neurobiology, Structural Biology & Biophysics and Computational & Systems Biology.
The courses of studies in molecular biology at the Biozentrum are characterized by the early exposure of the students to current research, the offer of all research areas and methods relevant to molecular biology, a modern technical infrastructure and the practical-work-oriented supervision.
The bachelor's degree program in "Computational Sciences" leading to a Major in Computational Biology also starts with one year of basic studies in mathematics, physics and chemistry and courses in computer science. In the second year mathematics and computer science are combined with the basic principles of molecular biology. Two six-week block courses with theoretical and experimental content as well as two research projects are part of the program of the third academic year.
The prerequisite for admission to the master's degree in Molecular Biology is a "Bachelor of Science in Biology" with a "Major in Molecular Biology", in some cases a "Major in Integrative Biology", or a "Bachelor of Science in Computational Sciences" with a "Major in Computational Biology". In general, the program takes three semesters to complete. Students concentrate principally on an own research project. They work at least ten months in the laboratory.
The PhD program builds on a university degree in biology or related discipline and requires the student to engage in an independent research project within a period of three to four years. The program is completed by writing a thesis. The students also receive practical training in the latest methods and techniques of molecular biology research and attend courses of the Graduate Teaching Program.
To expand their knowledge and experience, young researchers often spend a few years in research groups abroad. Accordingly, postdoctoral researchers from all continents are working at the Biozentrum.
Since 1973 the Biozentrum has been led by a chair. In 2009, the position was changed to director. The following persons have occupied this position:
This biographical article related to the military of Portugal is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
  The California Australian Football League (CAFL) was the first organized league of Australian rules football in the United States of America, and is in itself a member of the United States Australian Football League.  Wayne Pollock served as the CAFL's first head.  The current president is Chris Olson.
In 2005, the league went into indefinite stasis with clubs participating in either the newly formed Metro Footy league the Southern California Australian Football League and the US Footy Nationals.
Like other cavefish, it is depigmented and has no visible eyes. This species coexists with another hypogean (underground-living) loach, Schistura oedipus. The species is specialized for fast subterranean flowing water in the deeper zone of the cave (more than 500m from the entrance). It depends on cave microorganisms and organic matter, and is very sensitive to disturbance, water quality and hydrographic change.
In 2016 it was reported that the waterfall climbing cave fish walks with a tetrapod-like diagonal-couplets lateral sequence gait, displaying a robust pelvic girdle attached to the vertebral column.
Sedgefield was a non-metropolitan district in County Durham, England. It was abolished on 1 April 2009 and replaced by Durham County Council.
Since the first election to the council in 1973 political control of the council has been held by the following parties:
This article about a member of the Christian clergy is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
With a running time of 107 minutes, it was released in a limited theatrical engagement as well as on video-on-demand by Cinedigm on February 3, 2017.
Fascinated by the root causes of violent behavior, globally renowned psychologist Dr. Amanda Tyler has an opportunity to interview and analyze death row inmate Jackson Shea. As the interview commences with Jackson's fate hanging in the balance, Amanda must determine whether or not a stay of execution should be granted.
It is located in the mitochondrion and Frataxin mRNA is mostly expressed in tissues with a high metabolic rate. The function of frataxin is not clear but it is involved in assembly of iron-sulfur clusters. It has been proposed to act as either an iron chaperone or an iron storage protein. Reduced expression of frataxin is the cause of Friedreich's ataxia. 
Like most mitochondrial proteins, frataxin is synthesized in cytoplasmic ribosomes as large precursor molecules with mitochondrial targeting sequences.  Upon entry into mitochondria, the molecules are broken down by a proteolytic reaction to yield mature frataxin.
Frataxin is localized to the mitochondrion. The function of frataxin is not entirely clear, but it seems to be involved in assembly of iron-sulfur clusters. It has been proposed to act as either an iron chaperone or an iron storage protein.
FRDA is characterized by ataxia, sensory loss, and cardiomyopathy.  The reason frataxin deficiency causes these symptoms is not entirely clear.  On a cellular level, it is linked to iron accumulation in the mitochondria and increased oxidant sensitivity.  For reasons that are not well understood, this primarily affects the tissue of the dorsal root ganglia, cerebellum, and heart muscle.
An overexpression of frataxin in Drosophila has shown an increase in antioxidant capability, resistance to oxidative stress insults and longevity, supporting the theory that the role of frataxin is to protect the mitochondria from oxidative stress and the ensuing cellular damage.
1ly7: The solution structure of the c-terminal domain of frataxin, the protein responsible for friedreich ataxia
Warner Brothers art director and interior decorator to the stars Harold Grieve acquired a number of works by the artist and championed the artist's work to his clients.  Noted film directors Ernst Lubitsch and Alfred Hitchcock, costume designer Edith Head, screenwriter Jo Swerling, and actors Charles Laughton, Gary Cooper, James Stewart, and Beulah Bondi, among others, were collectors.
Staggia Senese is a village in Tuscany, central Italy, administratively a frazione of the comune of Poggibonsi, province of Siena. At the time of the 2001 census its population was 2,129.
The Sierra de Tejeda is in the central section of the Betic Range of Southern Spain. This part of the Betic cordilla has folds verging southwards from the Burdigalian age. The folds are cut by WSW-directed faults caused by extensional detachments in the Sierra de Tejeda anticline, and the fault surfaces are in turn cut by later NNW-directed faults from the Tortonian age.
Kovacsics made her international debut on 22 September 2009 against Germany. She represented Hungary on five World Championship (2009, 2013, 2015, 2017, 2019) and also participated on five European Championship (2010, 2012, 2014, 2018, 2020).
This biographical article related to Hungarian team handball is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Felix Kolawole Salako (1961 -) Professor of Soil Science  Current Vice-Chancellor, Federal University of Agriculture, Abeokuta (FUNAAB) 
This biographical article related to association football in France, about a midfielder born in the 1960s, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
  The station was formerly called Bathing Beach or Traeth Mawr briefly in the 1980s.  Passengers can break their journey here to enjoy Fairbourne's long sandy beaches, Penrhyn amusements and the children's playground.
He has signed a two-book contract with Penguin India and the first book has been titled Paperback Dreams.
He was born and brought up in Jalandhar, a small town in Punjab. His keen interest in film, drama and literature drove him to writing after he graduated as an architect attaining a thorough knowledge of Fine Arts and Design apart from Architecture. His first book was a huge nationwide success and within months after the release of the book, he was considered among the top-selling contemporary Indian authors.
Retinoscopy (Ret) is a technique to obtain an objective measurement of the refractive error of a patient's eyes. The examiner uses a retinoscope to shine light into the patient's eye and observes the reflection (reflex) off the patient's retina. While moving the streak or spot of light across the pupil the examiner observes the relative movement of the reflex or manually places lenses over the eye (using a trial frame and trial lenses) to "neutralize" the reflex.
Static retinoscopy is performed when the patient has relaxed accommodative status.  This can be obtained by the patient viewing a distance target or by the use of cycloplegic drugs (where, for example, a child's lack of reliable fixation of the target can lead to fluctuations in accommodation and thus the results obtained).  Dynamic retinoscopy is performed when the patient has active accommodation from viewing a near target.
Retinoscopy is particularly useful in prescribing corrective lenses for patients who are unable to undergo a subjective refraction that requires a judgement and response from the patient (such as children or those with severe intellectual disabilities or communication problems). In most tests however, it is used as a basis for further refinement by subjective refraction.  It is also used to evaluate accommodative ability of the eye and detect latent hyperopia.
Murari earned a Masters in Physics at Patna University and then, feeling that his background in physics would be useful in cinema, he obtained a Masters in Cinema in 1947 from the University of Southern California, Los Angeles. His first Hollywood internship was on Orson Welles' film, Macbeth. He returned to India early the next year and joined the Films Division as a deputy director just a few months after its creation. He then become a director, and then assistant producer.
Murari taught courses in documentary filmmaking and film direction, among other subjects as teaching Principal. He was very popular for his polite, kind-hearted nature and his dedication to his students. According to Subhash Ghai, he was "a thorough gentleman who cared for his students" and constantly strove to "reinvent teaching methods in filmmaking at FTII."
In 1972, he returned to the Films Division, where he produced more films. His film Homi Bhabha - A Scientist in Action won the National Film Award in the Experimental Category in 1973. Another film from this period, Lost Child, based on the story by the well-known Indian writer Mulk Raj Anand, also won recognition.[citation needed]
Murari died on 13 April 2007 at the age of 85 after battling cancer. He is survived by his wife Lakshmi Murari, three sons, Ashok, Anoop and Vivek, and a daughter, Radha Chadha.
1957: High Commendation Certificate at the Seventh World Congress of the International Society for the Welfare of Cripples at London
He won the first President's Gold Medal in 1954 for his 1952 documentary film Mahabalipuram. He also won several other national awards and international acclaim at festivals in Berlin, Venice, Edinburgh, San Francisco and Cannes.
Magnolfi was awarded a medal for his efforts supporting the orphans. In the third Congress of Scientists, (1841) held in Florence, the innovation of this technological orphanage were praised by Enrico Mayer, a pedagogist and fellow philanthropist from Livorno, as a model for such institutions.
Magnolfi also helped found a Cassa di Risparmio in Prato, a bank which allocated loans to small businesses and craftsmen. Magnolfi helped fund the railway line (1848) connecting Florence, Prato, and Pistoia.
Magnolfi was buried at a chapel built in his orphanage, designed by Fortunato Rocchi, instructor of design at the institute, and frescoed by Eustachio Turchini, containing a bas-relief donated by the Ginori porcelain company, and a sculpted monument by Vincenzio Chilleri with a bust by Egisto Giampaoli, a pupil of Dupre.
Boston Blackie's Little Pal is a 1918 American silent drama film, directed by E. Mason Hopper. It stars Bert Lytell, Rhea Mitchell, and Rosemary Theby, and was released on August 26, 1918.
Blackie, through a series of telegrams, appeals to the maternal instincts of Mrs. Wilmerding, getting her to reconcile with her husband. That job complete, Blackie debates about whether or not to return the jewels.
Exhibitors Herald gave the film a very positive review, ranking the overall production "very good", and the story and star as "excellent". They extolled Lytell's performance in what they called a "unique role", and highlighted the work of his supporting cast, including Rhea Mitchell, Rosemary Theby, Frank Whitson, and Howard Davies. They called the cinematography "perfect".
The 2017 Bahrain FIA Formula 2 round was a pair of motor races held on 15 and 16 April 2017 at the Bahrain International Circuit in Sakhir, Bahrain as part of the FIA Formula 2 Championship. It was the first round of the 2017 FIA Formula 2 Championship and was run in support of the 2017 Bahrain Grand Prix.
Following the 2016 GP2 Series, the championship was renamed the FIA Formula 2 Championship. The feature race was won by Artem Markelov whilst the sprint race was won by rookie Charles Leclerc.
Other penalties from the qualifying session included Sean Gelael, Sergio Canamasas and Stefano Coletti, all of whom failed to slow sufficiently for the VSC.
Leclerc leaped off the line, into an early lead with Norman Nato in hot pursuit. De Vries wasted his front row start and dropped down to fourth, while Markelov moved into the top three. After a few laps, Nato's persistence led to a pass into turn one, giving Nato the lead. A couple laps later, Nato's pace started to decline and Leclerc would retake the lead; all the while, Markelov being the watching brief.
Meanwhile, further down the field, Jordan King passed Oliver Rowland to take fourth place, whilst the battle for sixth saw Alexander Albon pass Nyck de Vries, who by this stage was falling down the order rapidly due to seriously-degraded tyres. Luca Ghiotto and Nobuharu Matsushita finished in seventh and eight respectively, giving both a front row start for the sprint race.
With the tremendous pace and fantastic tyre management, Markelov took the first win of the 2017 FIA Formula 2 Championship and cemented his campaign for the championship.
Charles Leclerc won a thrilling sprint race, despite pitting for fresh tyres earlier in the race. The Monegasque driver started from sixth on the grid and promptly drove to the front to grab an early lead. Despite the early lead, Prema decided to adopt a one-stop strategy seeing as how tyre management was an issue for both Prema drivers.
With this victory, Leclerc left the round in the lead of the championship and whilst Prema didn't leave with the lead of the team's championship, they had clearly demonstrated that they were, once again, the team to beat.
The incident occurred when 12 members of the IWW were convicted by Judge T. D. Evans. Evidence is divided on whether the resultant $100 fines were for vagrancy or failure to own a Liberty Bond, which violated no law. 
Judge Evans also convicted five men who, though they were not members of the IWW, were witnesses for the defense.  After sentencing, the police rounded up the 17 men and delivered them into the custody of the black-robed Knights of Liberty, a short-lived local group.
The Knights of Liberty abducted the men at gunpoint and drove them to a deserted location west of town. The men were then, one by one, bound to a tree, whipped, then tarred and feathered.
Rolnik is arguably the most influential business and economics journalist in Israel, promoting open, competitive markets with strong social safety net and is considered a leader in the fight against corruption.
Rolnik and TheMarker led an informative campaign to introduce competition in the mobile telephony market, that was dominated by 3 companies. As a result, prices dropped by 50% to 90% when competition was enforced without any material loss of employment in the labor market.
Rolnik is a Clinical Associate Professor at the University of Chicago Booth School of Business. He teaches courses on economic policy, media and regulation in Chicago, Tel Aviv University and the Interdisciplinary Center Herzliya.
Rolnik has a BA degree in Economics from Tel Aviv University (July 1996) and an MBA from the Tel Aviv and Northwestern University's Kellogg-Recanati program (July 1998). Rolnik attended Harvard University's Advanced Management Program (AMP; Nov 2003) and its Advanced Leadership Initiative (2014).
Rolnik became a reporter in the Israeli army at the age of 18, later the economic reporter and later editor for the army radio station. Immediately after his military service he joined Haa'aretz, and at the age of 24 became the editor and head of the financial markets section. 4 years later he joined the editorial board of the newspaper.
In 1999 Rolnik founded and led financial news company TheMarker. 6 years later he sold his shares to Ha'aretz and became its deputy publisher. He led the editorial and business operations of TheMarker for 13 years as Editor-in-Chief.
In December 2013 Rolnik won the Israeli journalism Sokolov Prize for founding TheMarker, changing Israeli Media, changing public discourse in Israel and influencing the government and legislators to undertake significant changes in the structure of the Israeli economy.
Rolnik supports open and competitive markets and points out to failures in the private and public of the Israeli economy. He led a series of informative journalistic campaigns, mainly regarding structural reforms, fostering of competition and reducing concentration in the business and capital sectors.
In 2014 Rolnik was teaching a course in the Faculty of Management at Tel Aviv University entitled the "Structural Issues in the Israeli Economy."
In January 2008 Rolnik was awarded a "quality of economic journalism" prize by Israel's Society for the Public's Right to Know. In its explanatory notes, the organization wrote that "Rolnik is one of the best business journalists and commentators in Israel today. In his clear and challenging writings, Rolnik demonstrates civilian courage of the first degree and does not refrain even from writing about, and even attacking, influential elements in the Israeli economy".
In December 2012 Rolnik was acknowledged by the Kinneret College for fighting  the concentration of economic power and for his continued support of the July 2011 social protests. In its statement, the college said that Rolnik "succeeded in creating an outstanding newspaper within a few years, constantly guiding its readers in the complex local and global economic and social environment and encouraging the adoption of social change".
In March 2011 Daniel Doron, the director of the Israel Center for Social and Economic Progress, wrote in The Jerusalem Post: "The strong bond between government and capital that developed here has a third partner, the media. Until recently, when Yisrael Hayom broke the mold, the media were a duopoly owned by the tycoons, and protected them (with the noble exception of TheMarker and its valiant editor Guy Rolnik, who, at great cost, leads the struggle against excess media concentration)".
In December 2011 Raviv Drucker, anchor of television Channel 10 investigative program "The Source", said he "identifies" with Rolnik's fight against tycoons and added that "Rolnik and TheMarker created, with their own hands", the government-appointed committee that dealt with the concentration of economic power. "It is thanks to them", he said, "that we found out the extent to which our capital and debt markets sometimes resemble a close-knit circle of cronies."
This biographical article relating to Polish athletics is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The name of the settlement literally means 'creek, stream'. Warm Creek (Slovene: Topli potok), a tributary of the Kolpa River, flows through the village.
This article about the Municipality of Kostel in Slovenia is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Castle Combe Castle stood to the north of the village of Castle Combe, Wiltshire, England (grid reference ST839779).
The castle was a medieval motte and bailey castle standing on a limestone spur overlooking the Bybrook River. It was probably built by Reginald de Dunstanville, 1st Earl of Cornwall in the 12th century and was unusual in that it had a keep with at least four and possibly five baileys. Earthworks and some stonework remain.
Since 1981 the site has been a scheduled ancient monument and is described in the National Heritage List for England as "Motte and bailey castle 600m north of Castle Combe".
Center Township is one of the eighteen townships of Monroe County, Ohio, United States. As of the 2010 census, the population was 3,647, including 2,384 living in the village of Woodsfield.
The village of Woodsfield, the county seat of Monroe County, is located in northern Center Township.
The best-known species is the Parktown prawn, not to be confused with the well-known Koringkrieke or armoured ground crickets, which never have been in the family Anostostomatidae.
Henicus monstrosus is a nocturnal anostostomatid. The males are unusual in their anatomy; their heads are disproportionately large and bear forward-directed prongs. They have extremely long, curved mandibles that are functional, but seem to play no part in the eating process.
The company was founded in 1885 in San Francisco as a partnership between two young Europeans; a German, John Stauffer Sr., and a Frenchman, Christian de Guigne. Ships exporting wheat to Europe used stone from the chalk cliffs of Dover as ballast. This discarded ballast became the inexpensive raw material for the newly formed company. The company was incorporated by John Stauffer Sr., who died on March 4, 1940 at the age of 78.
In 1931, the company announced plans for a new manufacturing subsidiary, the Pacific Hard Rubber Company.
Hans Stauffer, nephew of founder John Stauffer Sr, who joined his uncle at Stauffer Chemicals in 1920 and who retired as president in 1967, died in 1986.
In 1984, the company was accused by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission of overstating its 1982 and 1983 earnings through non-standard accounting.
The company was in the headlines in the mid-1980s for selling its design for a chemical plant to make phosphorus trichloride to Krebs A.G., a Swiss company. The plant modeled after a Stauffer plant in Pennsylvania, was subsequently built by Krebs for El Nasr Pharmaceutical Company of Egypt. Phosphorus trichloride is well known for its dual use capacity as a starting material for pesticide products as well as Sarin.
Van High School is a combined junior and senior High School in Van, West Virginia, serving the southwestern part of rural Boone County, West Virginia.  The school has a rivalry with Scott High School due to the threat of consolidation. When it comes to sports, one of their main rivals is Tug Valley.
The school has only 116 students by the count of the WVSSAC and various consolidation ideas with Sherman High School and even into a unified county wide school have been floated.  The school is placed in class "A" for athletics.
The school colors are blue and gold, and the mascot is the "Bulldog".  The school is among the smallest in the state to field a football team.
Rowale is a small village in Ratnagiri district, Maharashtra state in Western India. The 2011 Census of India recorded a total of 453 residents in the village. Rowale's geographical area is 480 hectares (1,200 acres).
The University of Novo Mesto (UNM, Slovene: Univerza v Novem mestu) is a private university in Slovenia. It is located in the town of Novo Mesto.
Graham Dale, born January 1978 in Dublin, Ireland, is a former US Marine, later a network engineer and writer.
Dale was born in Raheny, Dublin, Ireland. He emigrated to the United States in 2000. He served with the US Marine Corp., including in Iraq.  As a result of his trauma in Iraq, Dale is registered as suffering with PTSD and receives disability benefit associated with his disorder.[citation needed]
As of 2019 he resides in Cedar Park, Texas where he works as a computer network engineer. He is also an active Volunteer Firefighter and EMT with the Jollyville fire department in Austin, Texas.
Xenohammus quadriplagiatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1938. It is known from Laos.
Sayyid Mohammed Taqi al-Khoei was a brother of Abdul Majid al-Khoei and son of Ayatollah Al-Udhma Sayyid Abul Qasim al-Khoei.
The Shvetsov M-71 was a Soviet radial engine built in small numbers during World War II. It was derived from the Shvetsov M-25, which was a license-built copy of the American Wright R-1820-F3 Cyclone engine.
Hyde was the son of Sir Lawrence Hyde, of Heale, Woodford, near Salisbury, Wiltshire. He was the brother of Robert Hyde and Alexander Hyde, and cousin of Edward Hyde, 1st Earl of Clarendon. He was a student of Middle Temple in 1608 and matriculated at Magdalen Hall, Oxford on 9 March 1610, aged 16, then was awarded BA on 19 July 1612.
In 1624, Hyde was elected Member of Parliament for Hindon. He was re-elected for Hindon in 1628 and sat until 1629 when King Charles decided to rule without parliament for eleven years.
Hyde died in 1643 and was buried on 3 December 1643. He was married in 1619 to Amphillis, daughter of Sir Richard Tichborne of Winchester; she died in 1632. Secondly to Katherine, who outlived him. In October 1651 she gave shelter to the future Charles II at Heale House during his flight after the Battle of Worcester.
Lemerle's dwarf hippopotamus (Hippopotamus lemerlei) is an extinct species of Malagasy hippopotamus.
Malagasy hippopotamuses were first discovered in the mid-19th century by Alfred Grandidier, who unearthed nearly 50 individual hippos from a dried-up swamp at Ambolisaka near Lake Ihotry, a few miles from the Mozambique Channel. In 1989, Scandinavian palaeontologist Solweig Stuenes described H. madagascariensis and H. lemerlei from these bones.
It may have descended from full-sized hippos who shrunk due to insular dwarfism, similar to many Mediterranean island hippos, such as with the Cretan dwarf hippopotamus or the Cyprus dwarf hippopotamus.
Hippopotamus lemerlei bones have been mostly discovered in the rivers and lakes (riparian environments) of western Madagascar, suggesting a habitat very similar to that of the modern hippo of modern Africa. H. lemerlei also shared the high-placed eyes that make it easier to see while submerged.
Hippopotamus lemerlei and contemporary Aldabrachelys tortoises were the dominant grazers in Madagascar. Malagasy hippos in general, however, were less grass-specialised than the mainland African hippo.
At least seven hippopotamus bones show unequivocal signs of butchery, suggesting that they survived until humans arrived on Madagascar, perhaps coexisting with humans for about 2,000 years. It is also possible that over-hunting by humans led to their extinction.
"The Car" is a song written by Gary Heyde and C. Michael Spriggs, and recorded by American country music artist Jeff Carson.  It was released in October 1995 as the third single from his debut album Jeff Carson.  The song reached number three on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart in December 1995.
The song is a ballad about a relationship between the narrator and his father. In the first verse, the narrator expresses desire for a Ford Mustang, but cannot get one due to his father being busy with work. The son nonetheless wants the car because it will offer "a chance to be with him".
In the second verse, the narrator says that he has let go of his dream of having a Mustang until he gets word that his father has died. He also finds that the father has left a note for him along with a set of keys for a Mustang. In the final chorus, the narrator states that "there will always be a part of us together in that car".
A review in Billboard was positive, praising Carson's "warm, affecting voice" while calling it "one of the most powerfully moving songs released this year."
"The Car" debuted at number 64 on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the week of October 7, 1995.
De Rossi is the highest scoring midfielder for the Italian national side post-World War II, with 21 goals in 117 international appearances, and the all-time second highest-scoring midfielder for Italy, behind only Adolfo Baloncieri. He is also the fourth-most capped player for the Italian national team.
De Rossi was chosen as a Pringles spokesperson for Euro 2008, along with other top European football players such as Thierry Henry, Fernando Torres, Alexander Frei, Philipp Lahm and Michael Owen. He also appears in an Adidas "Dream Big" Commercial along with Steven Gerrard, Michael Ballack and David Beckham.
De Rossi is featured on the cover of the Italian edition of EA Sports' FIFA 09 video game. The picture on the cover is taken from De Rossi's emphatic goal-scoring celebration after scoring against Internazionale in the Supercoppa Italiana in 2008.
De Rossi has a tattoo on his leg of a mocked-up triangular "hazard" sign of a tackle being performed, reflecting his tough-tackling reputation.
On 26 December 2015, De Rossi married his partner, English-born Italian actress and model Sarah Felberbaum, in a private ceremony in the Maldives; the couple had been in a relationship since 2011, and have a daughter together, Olivia Rose, born on 14 February 2014, and a son together, Noah, born on 3 September 2016.
In March 2016, he put his World Cup winner's medal in the coffin of Pietro Lombardi, who had been the kitman of the Italian national team in the 2006 World Cup.
On 9 April 2021, it was announced that De Rossi had become hospitalised in Rome due to COVID-19 symptoms; by 13 April, he had been discharged, and by 26 April, he had recovered.
The 'Novopay debacle' as it was called received almost daily media attention, causing embarrassment for the new Minister of Education Hekia Parata, and contributed to the resignation of newly recruited Education secretary Leslie Longstone.
The error rate for payments is now less than 0.2 per cent, less than half the 0.5 per cent acceptable error rate as defined by the Novopay technical review.
Talent2 was started by two Australian entrepreneurs, Andrew Banks and Geoff Morgan. Banks and Morgan founded the Australian recruitment company Morgan and Banks in 1985. In 1994 the company was listed on the Australian stock exchange and sold four years later for $470 million.
Banks and Morgan launched Talent2 in 2003 focusing on recruitment and payroll management. The company grew rapidly and soon had 1700 staff in 19 countries and a turnover of more than $300 million a year. It claimed to have 2400 clients in the Asia Pacific region with more than 740,000 employees whose pay was managed by the company. The chief executive of Talent2 is John Rawlinson, a former physical education teacher. He has been at the head of the company from its incorporation.
During the period the Novopay contract was being negotiated with the Government, the company was having financial problems and was later delisted from the Australian stock exchange.
Datacom lost the contract to Talent 2, the creators of Novopay, in a competitive tender in 2005. Talent2 won the contract ahead of ten other tenderers. The Novopay contract was initially signed off by the Labour Government in 2008. It was subsequently renegotiated by National twice.
Because of delays in the development of the programme, it was not until August 2012 that Novopay was finally rolled out. When Steven Joyce was appointed to sort out problems with Novopay in 2013, he initiated discussions with Datacom in case the contract with Talent2 had to be scrapped.
Talent2 was also selected to provide a new payroll system at New Zealand Post. The Australian company was awarded the NZ Post contract in 2010 to create a centralised payroll programme to replace the existing regional system. After it went live in 2011, thousands of NZ Post workers were also under-paid or over-paid.
NZ Post took Talent2 to task over the mistakes but the software had to be re-written and it took nearly two years before the system began to improve. Steven Joyce, who was subsequently tasked with sorting out problems with Novopay, said in January 2013 he was aware of NZ Post's payroll problems but could not yet comment on "the similarities or otherwise" between the two.
In the pay period 9 Jan 2013 through to 22 Jan 2013, $139 million was the total gross payroll, 176 were underpaid or not paid, giving an error rate of 0.29% according to the Ministry. This figure does not include teachers who were overpaid.
Five months after its implementation (mid-December 2012), a survey showed only 16% of schools had no errors that pay round, compared to 36% a month before, suggesting Novopay's performance was getting worse, rather than better. On 15 November the Ministry of Education said it would be taking legal action against Talent2, seeking financial compensation for the errors, which would be used to pay teachers.
The error rate for payments is now less than 0.2 per cent, less than half the 0.5 per cent acceptable error rate as defined by the Novopay technical review.
In March, further concerns arose when it was reported that Novopay had called in debt collectors to get back overpayments made to teachers, even for as little as $22. A new glitch also appeared in the system, with 100 teachers having their contracts wrongly 'terminated' by Novopay at the end of the first school term.
One of the main problems identified by Mr Joyce was that Talent2 had "no senior management bandwidth" in New Zealand. It seems the lack of senior executives meant the company was unable to make decisions about increasing its financial investment to bolster the service when it got into difficulty. Behind the scenes, Talent2's share price had dropped dramatically and in September 2012, the company was delisted from the Australian stock exchange.
By the end of April 2013, the cost to the Government of fixing Novopay had risen to $11 million and was still climbing. In May the Ministry of Education revealed it had spent an extra $1.7 million paying 12 consultants to help sort out problems with Novopay.
In July 2014, the Ministry of Education and Talent2 mutually agreed to a new service delivery model which saw the operation of the Novopay payroll service transition to a government owned company, Education Payroll Ltd.
The transition occurred on 17 October 2014, and saw the government assume full responsibility for the provision of the education payroll service and also the responsibility for customisations of the software.
The error rate for payments is now less than 0.2 per cent, less than half the 0.5 per cent acceptable error rate as defined by the Novopay technical review.
Espino was originally signed by the Cincinnati Reds as an undrafted free agent infielder in 1999. He played for the Gulf Coast Reds from 2000 to 2002, earning Gulf Coast League All-Star honors in 2002 as a third baseman when he hit .332 in 58 games.
Espino was traded by the Royals to the Cleveland Indians on June 12, 2008 for cash.  Espino was invited to Spring Training for the 2010 season but did not make the club and was assigned to the Triple-A Columbus Clippers. He remained with the Indians through 2010, playing for the AA Akron Aeros and Columbus.
Espino signed a minor league contract with the Los Angeles Dodgers on January 26, 2011 and received an invitation to major league camp. He was assigned to the AAA Albuquerque Isotopes, where he appeared in 65 games and hit .292. On November 2, 2011, he elected free agency.
On January 17, 2012, Espino signed a minor league contract with the Chicago White Sox. In 66 games with the AA Birmingham Barons, he hit .284. He also played in 3 games with AAA Charlotte in 2012. On November 2, 2012, he elected free agency. On December 18, 2012, Espino re-signed with the White Sox on a minor league contract and appeared in 1 game at Charlotte in 2013 before he was released.
Espino signed a minor league contract with the Los Angeles Dodgers on June 23, 2013 and reported to AAA Albuquerque, where he appeared in 19 games and batted .333. On November 4, 2013, he elected free agency.
On April 1, 2014, Espino signed with the Somerset Patriots of the Atlantic League of Professional Baseball. In 2014, Espino slashed .252/.274/.298 with 1 home run and 18 RBI in 70 games.
On January 19, 2015, Espino retired from professional baseball and joined the St. Louis Cardinals organization as an international scout. He is currently a Panama-based scout and international crosschecker, and was involved in the signing of Cardinals catching prospect Ivan Herrera.
Espino's cousin Paolo plays for the Washington Nationals. Espino played in the World Baseball Classic for Panama in both 2006 and 2009, with a total of three at-bats in the two series. Paolo was also on Panama's roster for the World Baseball Classic.
Kelso & Company is an American private equity firm focusing on leveraged buyouts, recapitalizations and growth capital transactions.  Kelso invests in a variety of sectors, including communication, manufacturing and restaurants. Kelso is based in New York City.
Founded in 1971 as Kelso Bangert & Company, the firm acted as both an advisor and merchant bank, both making investments and advising on mergers and acquisitions.  Kelso was founded by Louis O. Kelso, a lawyer and economist who is given credit for developing the concept for employee stock ownership plans, in 1956.  Kelso, alongside a sister company Louis O. Kelso Inc., focused initially on M&A activity involving Employee Stock Ownership Plans.
Kelso raised its first private equity fund and has had a dedicated private equity investment platform since 1980.  Louis O. Kelso who died in 1991 transitioned management of the firm to Joseph Schuchert to focus on writing and lecturing.
Kelso & Company has invested in energy, materials, retailing, industrial and consumer products, telecommunication services, financial services, and healthcare sectors.  The company typically invests in North America with a focus on the United States. It targets investing between $50 million and $600 million in firms that have a value of between $250 million and $2.5 billion.
This eclipse is a member of a semester series. An eclipse in a semester series of solar eclipses repeats approximately every 177 days and 4 hours (a semester) at alternating nodes of the Moon's orbit.
The metonic series repeats eclipses every 19 years (6939.69 days), lasting about 5 cycles. Eclipses occur in nearly the same calendar date. In addition, the octon subseries repeats 1/5 of that or every 3.8 years (1387.94 days). All eclipses in this table occur at the Moon's ascending node.
Klattia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Iridaceae first described as a genus in 1877. The entire genus is endemic to Cape Province in South Africa. The genus name is a tribute to the German botanist Friedrich Wilhelm Klatt, who significantly advanced the body of knowledge of the family Iridaceae in the 19th century.
"Dance Little Jean" is a song written by Jimmy Ibbotson, and recorded by American country music group Nitty Gritty Dirt Band.  It was released in October 1983 as the second single from the album Let's Go.  The song reached number 9 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.
Jimmy Ibbotson wrote the song hoping the charm and romance of the story would convince his ex-wife that they should get back together. Little Jean was named for his real life daughter who would always dance when he played guitar. When he played it for his ex-wife for the first time, Little Jean danced, but his ex-wife's response was not what he had hoped for. She told him he would be able to afford child support now, because that song would be a hit.
The song is about a musician disillusioned about marriage, whose heart is softened by a daughter dancing to his band at her parents' wedding reception whilst wearing crinolines and a calico skirt.
Texas toast is a toasted bread that is typically made from sliced bread that has been sliced at double the usual thickness of packaged bread. Texas toast is prepared by spreading butter on both sides of the bread and broiling or grilling it until it is a light golden brown. Commonly, garlic is added to the butter, yielding a form of garlic bread. The toast may include cheese on one or both sides, similar to an open-faced grilled cheese sandwich. 
Popular in Texas and its bordering states, Texas toast is often served as a side with southern-style dishes such as chicken fried steak, fried catfish, or barbecue.
Thick-sliced bread sold for making Texas toast can be used in the same manner as ordinary bread slices, such as in sandwiches, and it is especially useful for dishes involving liquids or where extra thickness could improve the product, such as French toast. While most varieties sold for Texas toast are white bread, whole wheat varieties also exist.
Frozen Texas toast brands are also popular, with best sellers including the New York Brand of the T. Marzetti Company, Pepperidge Farm, and Coles.
This article related to a Soviet film of the 1980s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
"Indiana"  is a single by Polish singer Sarsa. The song was released as the second single from her debut studio album Zapomnij mi on 14 August 2015, and was written by Sarsa with production by Sarsa along with Tomasz Konfederak.
Till 8 March 2020, This train was running up to Chandigarh and thereafter the destination station changed to Daulatpur Chowk for direct connectivity to another tourist spots in Himachal Pradesh.
Both trains are hauled by an Abu Road Loco Shed based WDM-2 diesel locomotive from Jaipur to Chandigarh and vice versa.
A semantic class contains words that share a semantic feature.  For example within nouns there are two sub classes, concrete nouns and abstract nouns. The concrete nouns include people, plants, animals, materials and objects while the abstract nouns refer to concepts such as qualities, actions, and processes. According to the nature of the noun, they are categorized into different semantic classes. Semantic classes may intersect. The intersection of female and young can be girl.
This biographical article relating to Syrian athletics is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Joan Sebastian is a Mexican singer-songwriter who has received awards and nominations for his contributions to the music industry.
The ASCAP Awards are awarded annually by the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers in the United States. Sebastian has received 43 awards from 43 nominations.
The Billboard Latin Music Awards are awarded annually by the Billboard magazine in the United States. Sebastian has received 4 awards from 17 nominations.
The Grammy Awards are awarded annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences in the United States. Sebastian has received four awards from six nominations. 
The Latin Grammy Awards are awarded annually by the Latin Academy of Recording Arts & Sciences in the United States. Sebastian has received
The Lo Nuestro Awards are awarded annually by television network Univision in the United States. Sebastian has received thirteen awards from twenty-nine nominations.
Minocqua is a town in northwestern Oneida County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 4,388 as of 2017. The census-designated place of Minocqua and the unincorporated community of Rantz are both located in the town. Minocqua is commonly referred to as "The Island City."
Minocqua was officially organized in the year 1889. Although there are varying explanations regarding the meaning of the word "Minocqua", most credit its origin to the Island's first inhabitants, the Ojibwe. The town Minocqua is named after, "Ninocqua", the Ojibwe name that is defined as "noon-day-rest".
In the late 1800s, Minocqua was a logging town. Minocqua Clawson was the first white child born in the town. Clawson Hill was a famous landmark in town, and it is now the current location of the Pointe Resort & Hotel at the south end of the Highway 51 bridge.
The construction of railroads was a critical component of Minocqua's early growth. The Milwaukee Road originally came to the area to provide access to timber. Later, railroads catered to sportsmen and tourists, transforming Minocqua into the vacation getaway it remains to this day. The two railroad trestles that brought trains to the Island are still intact and serve as the trailhead for the Bearskin State Trail that provides hiking and biking in summer, and snowmobiling in winter.
Landmarks on the Island include Torpy Park, the Belle-Isle building, the Minocqua Community Center, Bosacki's Boathouse (now The Boathouse), T Murtaugh's Pub, and the Thirsty Whale. Town offices and the Minocqua Public Library are located in the Minocqua Community Center. Bosacki's Boat House burned to the ground in 1972. Although state regulations prohibited the structure being rebuilt over water, a public outcry convinced the DNR to allow it to be rebuilt where it had originally stood. 
Termed the "Island City," a portion of the town is situated on what was an actual island, which is accessible by bridge on Highway 51 and "the fill" to the north. Much of Minocqua has sandy soil, although areas of the far northwest and the northeast are clay. The majority of the soil is highly acidic and many areas are covered by forests.
The community of Bo-di-Lac (short for "Booth-Diamond-Lac du Flambeau) is located in the western portion of the town bordered by Squirrel Lake, Diamond Lake, Booth Lake, and the town of Lac du Flambeau.
As of the census of 2010, there are 4,385 people living in the town occupying 2,079 households. There are a total of 4,835 housing units in town of which 2,493 are seasonal in nature.
The racial makeup of the town is 96.1% White, 0.2% African American, 1.7% Native American, 0.8% Asian, 0.1% from other races, and 1.2% from two or more races. 0.8% of the population are Hispanic or Latino of any race.
26.4% of the town's population is age 65 or older while 16.3% is below the age of 18. The median age is 51.6 years.
The Lakeland Airport (KARV) is located 3 miles northwest of the central business district of Minocqua.
The Rhinelander-Oneida County Airport (KRHI) located 25 miles to the southeast serves Minocqua, Oneida county and surrounding communities with both scheduled commercial jet service and general aviation services.
The town board, consisting of a town chairman and four supervisors, is responsible for governing the citizens of Minocqua. There have been 30 town chairmen in the history of Minocqua. The list of early town chairmen include A.O. Dorwin, Lincoln Abraham, Jacob Huber, Thomas Bolger, William Schlecht, and Dr. Torpy.
Minocqua is entirely located in Wisconsin's 34th Assembly, 12th Senate, and 7th Congressional District, and is represented by State Representative Rob Swearingen and Congressman Tom Tiffany. The 12th Senate district is current open following the election of Senator Tom Tiffany to the US Congress on May 12, 2020. 
Minocqua has a public elementary school, Minocqua-Hazelhurst-Lake Tomahawk Elementary School, a private Lutheran elementary/middle school, Trinity Lutheran School, and a high school, Lakeland Union High School.
Tourism plays a substantial role in the economy of Minocqua. As a forested lake community, there are many outdoor summer activities, such as fishing, camping, waterskiing, boating, hiking, bike riding, berry collecting, and swimming.
A business strip runs through the downtown ("The Island"), with tourist attractions and shopping. Minocqua's nightlife includes bars hosting live music in the summer. A Fourth of July parade is presented annually. Events include dancing, live music, fireworks, and a Min-Aqua Bat waterski and boat show.
During the fall, rifle and bow hunting draw many visitors, as does the annual downtown merchants' Beef-a-Rama held the last Saturday in September. Winter activities include snowmobile festivals, Nordic (cross country) skiing, ice fishing, downhill skiing in nearby hills, snow tubing, sleigh rides, and snowmobiling. Minocqua is home to Minocqua Winter Park, a cross-country skiing venue, as well as a sledding hill and ice-skating pond.
Minocqua is home to one of the world's oldest amateur water ski teams, the Min-Aqua Bats. The Min-Aqua bats have been performing at the Aqua Bowl for 70 summers now, as a nonprofit organization and will open up the 71st season in June 2020. 
Arts activities include the Campanile Center for the Arts which operates year-round, offering an array of high quality artists to captivate, intrigue and inspire audiences. The Campanile also provides music, theater, and visual art instruction.
The U.S. flag that was lowered by the last U.S. soldiers to depart from the Vietnam War is on exhibit at the American Legion Post in Minocqua.
Joanna Rogers Macy (born May 2, 1929) is an environmental activist, author, and scholar of Buddhism, general systems theory, and deep ecology. She is the author of twelve books.
She was married to the late Francis Underhill Macy, the activist and Russian scholar who founded the Center for Safe Energy.
Macy first encountered Buddhism in 1965 while working with Tibetan refugees in northern India, particularly the Ven. 8th Khamtrul Rinpoche, Sister Karma Khechog Palmo, Ven. Dugu Choegyal Rinpoche, and Tokden Antrim of the Tashi Jong community.  Her spiritual practice is drawn from the Theravada tradition of Nyanaponika Thera and Rev. Sivali of Sri Lanka, Munindraji of West Bengal, and Dhiravamsa of Thailand.
Parents with disabilities are people with certain disorders (mental, physical, or other types) who are raising young children or being care for by their young children.
Disability brings various problems to the parents themselves, their children and the whole family. Researchers have studying the effects and issues raised by disabled parents. Aiming at helping parents with disabilities, organizations and governments have delivered relevant strategies to provide support.
Physical disability is the relatively more commonly occurring one. The data states that among the children living with a disabled parent, 91% of them have a physically disabled parent while 11% have a parent with mental or behavioral disabilities.
Deaf parents face communication barrier which lead to the limitation in participating in social network. Visually impaired parents face difficulties in insuring the safe environment surrounding both their children and themselves, as well as the restriction in capable activities for them to take part in with their children.
Visually impaired parents face difficulties in insuring the safe environment surrounding both their children and themselves, as well as the restriction in capable activities for them to take part in with their children.
Parents with learning difficulties need help to process information and manage objectives. The way in which they gain and understand information is different from normal parents, which puts them under social criticism and stigma.
Comparing to children in young age, more children in high school age are taking the responsibility of caring for their disabled parents, which reflects that whether higher-aged children are more possible to have disabled parents or children of higher age are more often asked to provide their parents with assistance thanks to their higher-levelled capacity.
School teachers play crucial role in identifying young carers in early age and offering help. The young carers identified by teachers are in averagely younger age than those identified by doctors, which makes it important for primary teaching institutions especially to identify young carers.
Participants from a Young Carers workshop held in Wellington, New Zealand in 2005 indicated that New Zealand children and young people become young carers mainly because of cultural expectations, nature of disability, awareness and acceptance of services, and other reasons relating to the family unit like no one else is taking the responsibility.
The lack of relative research in this area leads to the prejudice that disabled parents bring negative effect, which is inaccurate. As high-quality studies state, the sources of problems happening in parenting with disability is the same as that in non-disabled parenting, which include parents' former experience of being abused physically, sexual, or on substance, poverty, lack of appropriate support and so on. The disability in parenting alone, is not the cause of negative impact to children.
Little difference is found between the household tasks done by children with or without disabled parents. And life details of children with disabled parents like the number of friend and activities they do with parents are almost same with those of children with non-disabled parents.
Researchers at Israel's Bar Ilan University has delivered a study and the result shows that children who have parents with sensory impairment are more empathic and shows higher awareness of emotions of others than other children from normal families. Other advantages of children with disabled parents like greater maturity, higher sensitivity and more abundant life experience were also reported by earlier research.
The facilities and environment of school should be accessible to all including disabled and normal parents, students and staffs. Inaccessible school facilities lead to lack of participation in children's school life for physically disabled parents. For parents with sensory impairment, appropriate way of communication with school is essential.
Parents of physical disability mention difficulties in taking care of children without proper equipment and with restriction in mobility. Deaf parents need equipment to be alerted when children are in need of help.
Parents with disabilities face barrier when attempt to get access to health care, especially women. Professionals in health care hold negative attitudes towards disabled parents, and underestimate life quality of disabled people. Depression is another significant issue faced by disabled parents. Women with disability have six times more chance than normal women to have depression. Appropriate service and support is necessary for disabled mothers under the effect of depression.
Large number of disabled parents reported the need of assistant in daily living activities like cooking, toileting and cleaning. Assistance in parenting tasks including taking recreational activities with children, carrying and holding children and so on are also reported as needed by parents with disabilities.
The Faculty of Conflict and Catastrophe Medicine operates under the Society of Apothecaries though it is considered a separate organisation with its own registered charity status. It was established in 2005, shortly after the London bombings where on review it was felt that medical organisations would benefit from training in dealing with extreme situations i.e. Conflict and Catastrophe Medicine.
The main focus of the Faculty is the provision of education through its year-long postgraduate diploma Conflict and Catastrophe course.
The Faculty of Conflict and Catastrophe hold two lectures each year which are open to the public; the Audrey Few Lecture and their Spring Lecture.
Through both telephone and SMS voting, viewers vote for the duo they think should remain in tche competition. Judges scores which are half weight of the total scores, are also taken into account and are combined with the viewer votes when determining which duos stay and go each week.
Atar, Pehlivan and prince of Sistan thought he had set out on a journey to discover his heritage and family, but he will soon find out that his past and future are closely tied to the battle that has long since started among the forces of good and evil, divinity and flesh. He will have to unite old enemies in order to save his people from a deep fall into chaos, and he will find very soon that sometimes evil can only be defeated by evil.
RaiSat was a subsidiary of RAI created in 1997 to produce thematic TV channels for satellite television that are now available in IPTV and digital terrestrial television with various providers.
Rai Sat was created as external company in 1997 to create the first satellite channels of public service.
In July 1999, with the transfer from Rai's staff that was employed towards thematic channels, the company began to produce the first pay satellite platform networks for Tele+, then reorganized under Sky.
In 2009, following the non-renewal of the contract with Sky (Platform for which RaiSat produced exclusively its channels) it was announced that the parent company was preparing to fold RaiSat.
In 2003, when Sky launched, Rai Sat reorganized its channels. Raisat Art, Raisat Fiction, Raisat Album and Raisat Show were sacrificed.
On 1 November 2006, RaiSat Cinema World reverted to the old name RaiSat Cinema, and RaiSat Ragazzi and was divided into:
On 18 May 2010, Rai absorbed the company, and reorganized all channels by changing their name (with the removal of the word Sat) and directly overseeing the program schedules, as a result:
Meteoro Brasil's videos include pop culture, science and philosophy. This YouTube channel also discusses societal attitudes to misinformation.
On April 9, 2017, Meteoro Brasil was created on YouTube to provide viewers with culture and entertainment about science, philosophy and pop culture.
After the 2018 Brazilian presidential election this channel was identified with a new wave of Brazilian liberal or left-wing channels and YouTubers, such as Sabrina Fernandes, Felipe Neto, Lilia Schwarcz, Henry Bugalho, Caue Moura, Pirula, Jones Manoel.
The main organic fertilizers are, peat, animal wastes, plant wastes from agriculture, and treated sewage sludge.
Processed organic fertilizers include compost, humic acid, grain meal, amino acids, and seaweed extracts. Other examples are natural enzyme-digested proteins. Decomposing crop residue (green manure) from prior years is another source of fertility.
Compost provides little in the means of nutrients to plants, but it does provide soil stability through increasing organic matter.Compost does help microorganisms proliferate which in turn breaks down decaying plant material into substantial bioavailable nutrients for plant to easily assimilate. 
With concerns about human borne pathogens coupled with a growing preference for flush toilets and centralized sewage treatment, biosolids have been replacing night soil (from human excreta), a traditional organic fertilizer that is minimally processed.
The Warren Correctional Institution is a prison operated by the Ohio Department of Rehabilitation and Correction in Warren County's Turtlecreek Township in Lebanon, Ohio.
Laura Whitcomb (born December 19, 1958) is an American novelist and teacher. She is best known for her book A Certain Slant of Light, which has been optioned for a film by Summit Entertainment. Whitcomb has won three Kay Snow awards and was runner-up in the Bulwer-Lytton Writing Contest.[when?]
This Turning Point is not to be confused with an ABC dramatic anthology series of the same title which ran during the 1952-53 television season.
This article about a non-fiction television series is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about a television show originating in the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about an organisation based in Norway is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Spring Fling Open Studios (also known as Spring Fling) is an open studio event based in Dumfries and Galloway, Scotland.
Every Spring since 2003, 70 - 100 selected artists, makers and designers across the region open their studios for visitors to visit, speak with the artists and purchase contemporary artwork and design. It is the most successful event of its kind in Scotland.
Spring Fling develops new and creative projects for each year's main event as well as manages a year-round programme of workshops, talks and networking events.
Since 2003, Spring Fling has grown from a small local event initialled by the Dumfries and Galloway council's arts team to a well-recognised, artist-run premier contemporary art and craft event in Scotland.
Spring Fling started its residency programme with the WASPS artist studios in Kirkcudbright in 2009 and has been running a residency programme with the Wigtown Book Festival since 2010.
Each year, an artist is selected to be the residency artist at Wigtown Book Festival in Autumn and at Spring Fling in Spring the following year. Artist Astrid Jaekel was the artist-in-residence at the Wigtown Book Festival in September/October 2013 and will be a participating artist at Spring Fling 2014 in May.
An alleged attempt to assassinate Cox in 1869 in reprisal for the killing marked the first time that Frank James and Jesse James were publicly identified as outlaws.
In 1861 Cox joined the Missouri Militia with the rank of major.  During this time he was elected in absentia circuit clerk of Daviess County in 1862.  He resigned in 1863, citing ill health, and returned to Gallatin. In 1864 he returned to the Missouri Militia, this time as a lieutenant colonel of the Thirty-third Regiment of Missouri State Militia.
The attacking Confederate force only had included Anderson and five or six men (although some reports say 20) and the Confederate losses in the battle including the attacking line as well as those in the rear was just 7.  Four Union soldiers were shot but no injuries were fatal.
After the Civil War Cox returned to Gallatin, where he formed the mercantile firm of Ballinger, Cox & Kemper.  Ballinger was another military officer and J.M. Kemper, a businessman who was the father of William Thornton Kemper, Sr. who went on to found two of the largest banks headquartered in Missouri (Commerce Bancshares and UMB Financial Corporation).  Cox's business relationship with Kemper only lasted one year, dissolving in 1866.
When Cox had first joined the Missouri Militia, his commanding officer was James H.B. McFerran who would found the Daviess County Savings Association.
On December 7, 1869, two men (reported to be Frank and Jesse James) robbed the Daviess County Savings Association Bank and in the process shot the cashier John W. Sheets in the head and heart.  Although there was $700 in the bank the robbers left with only $5 in fractional currency.  The men were encountered near Kidder, Missouri where one of the men (believed to be Jesse) said that he was the brother of Bill Anderson and that he had avenged Anderson's murder by Cox.
The Gallatin Bank Robbery marked the first time that Frank and Jesse were formally identified as bank robbers.  A reward of $3,000 was raised for their capture.  Jesse sent a letter to the Kansas City Times saying that he was innocent and could prove he was not in the area.  He said he would surrender but was concerned that he would be lynched before he could prove his innocence.
After Jesse James was killed in 1882, Frank James surrendered to the authorities.  Frank was not tried for the bank murder however he was tried in 1883 in Gallatin for an 1881 murder of a Rock Island Railroad employee at nearby Winston, Missouri. A jury acquitted him.
Cox was reported to have been in California in 1869 visiting his parents and did not return until 1870 when he continued to operate other business including a hotel, livery and a different mercantile until formally retiring in 1871.  He is buried in Brown Cemetery in Gallatin.
The practice has been revived more recently among other groups, including Anglicans, as well as the American house church movement. The modern lovefeast has often been used in ecumenical settings, such as between Methodists and Anglicans.
Augustine of Hippo also objected to the continuance in his native North Africa of the custom of such meals, in which some indulged to the point of drunkenness, and he distinguished them from proper celebration of the Eucharist: "Let us take the body of Christ in communion with those with whom we are forbidden to eat even the bread which sustains our bodies." He reports that even before the time of his stay in Milan, the custom had already been forbidden there.
The ancient Saint Thomas Christians of India continued to celebrate their agapa feasts, using their typical dish called appam.
In the medieval Georgian Orthodox Church, the term agapi referred to a commemorative meal or distribution of victuals, offered to clergymen, the poor, or passers-by, accompanying the funeral service on the anniversary of the deceased. The permanent celebration of these meals was assured by legacies and foundations.
The Schwarzenau Brethren groups (the largest being the Church of the Brethren) regularly practice agape feasts (called "Love Feast"), which include feetwashing, a supper, and communion, with hymns and brief scriptural meditations interspersed throughout the worship service.
A Moravian congregation may hold a lovefeast on any special occasion, such as the date their church was founded, but there are certain established dates that Lovefeasts are regularly observed. Some of these notable dates include Watch Night, Good Friday, the Festival of 13 August (the 1727 date on which the Moravian Church was renewed or reborn), and Christmas Eve, where each member of the congregation receives a lighted candle at the end of the service in addition to the bun and coffee.
In certain Methodist connexions, such as the Missionary Methodist Church and the New Congregational Methodist Church, footwashing is practiced too.
In the Wesleyan Methodist Church, lovefeasts consisted of bread and water that filled the loving-cup. These lovefeasts were said to "promote piety, mutual affection and zeal". Unlike the Eucharist in the Methodist tradition, lovefeasts are traditionally fenced, being only for members of Methodist churches, though non-members are permitted to attend once. Several Methodist hymns were written for this Christian ritual, including Charles Wesley's "The Love-Feast", penned in 1740:
Come and let us sweetly join  Christ to praise in hymns divine; Give we all, with one accord. Glory to our common Lord. Hands and hearts and voices raise; Sing as in the ancient days; Antedate the joys above, Celebrate the feast of love.
The Christian liturgical books of the African Methodist Episcopal Church, African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church, Christian Methodist Episcopal Church, and United Methodist Church all have services for the Lovefeast.
Congregations of the Primitive Methodist Church hold Lovefeasts in the form of large potluck-style meals among members of their congregations.
The agape is a common feature used by the Catholic Neocatechumenal Way in which members of the Way participate in a light feast after the celebration of the Eucharist on certain occasions.
The Creation Seventh Day Adventists partake of an agape feast as a part of their New Moon observances, taking the form of a formal, all-natural meal held after the communion supper.
Neighboring districts are (from the east clockwise): Pak Khat and So Phisai of Bueng Kan Province; Fao Rai and Phon Phisai of Nong Khai Province; and Bolikhamxai Province of Laos.
On 15 May 2007, all 81 minor districts were upgraded to full districts. On 24 August the upgrade became official.
The district is divided into five sub-districts (tambons), which are further subdivided into 61 villages (mubans). There are no municipal (thesaban) areas. There are five tambon administrative organizations (TAO).
Q Center is an LGBT community center and non-profit organization located in Portland, Oregon, in the United States. 
According to its website, the center "provides a safe space to support and celebrate LGBTQ diversity, visibility and community building".  Q Center is a registered 501(c)(3) organization which offers programs and services related to arts and culture, education and training, health and wellness, and advocacy.
The community center was established in 2005, championed by then-city Commissioner Sam Adams. Kendall Clawson, an African American lesbian, served as its first executive director. The center relocated to North Mississippi Avenue in 2009.
The Flag of Balochistan is the flag of the Province of Balochistan within Pakistan. The Balochistan provincial flag shows stylised mountains of this barren province and the principal mode of transport - the camel, also the "provincial animal". Displaying Pakistani national colours, white and dark Green, with a Crescent and star to represent the Muslim-majority all of which shows its Islamic heritage and strong ties with the Federation of Pakistan respectively.
Yoon has been awarded various honors, including the US Legion of Merit and the Korean Order of National Security Merit.
Frederik 'Freddy' Tylicki (born c.1986) is a German-born former flat racing jockey in Great Britain. He was British flat racing Champion Apprentice in 2009, when he also won the Lester Award for Apprentice Jockey of the Year. His Polish-born father Andrzej Tylicki was three times champion jockey in Germany.
Less than a year after becoming champion apprentice, his career was put on hold after a serious shoulder injury. He finished the year with just 26 winners.
On 31 October 2016 he was involved in a serious four horse accident at Kempton Park which ended with him in intensive care at St George's Hospital in Tooting. He was later diagnosed with T7 paralysis meaning he is paralysed from the waist down.
Julie met with a local police officer whose name was Nick Parrish. Subsequent upon that, in that same year, Sophie met David when she and Sally were trying to rescue a cockatoo.
There came a misunderstanding between in 1993 between Angel and Shane as she (Angel) ran up on Shane and accused him of wanting just one thing.
While it was proceeding, another bitter moment happened in 1996 when Shannon met Geoff at the surf club and Curtis to accuse her of peevish on him.
Sally met Scott Irwin later during 1997 in the Surf Club requesting she play a game of pool with him.
In 2000, Harley met Noah in the club when she was about to be attacked by some boys, warning her off the boys who gave her the wrong kind of attention. It was during this period, he saved her before the gang of boys run up on her outside.
Another meeting that took place in 2000 was Leah meeting Vinnie when she ran away from her wedding, then picked her up by the roadside and took her to a bay.
It was in 2003, Dani and Scott met when he showed up in the beach riding a white horse. Subsequent upon that, Tasha met Robbie when he showed up at the bay, but she ignored him when he tried to introduce himself to her.
Leah met Dan Baker when he visited the hospital to check up on his brother, Peter who was attacked by Sarah Lewis.
While Gypsy and Vinnie were both in the same beach at the same time, he came up to introduce himself to her.
Cassie met Ric on the beach while he was sunbathing and they went skinny dipping, she tricked him and stole his clothes.
When Shannon and Lachlan went on a date, while on a date, his car broke down, then it began to rain.  On their second date that was on a boat, Lachan couldn't find the breaks.
Gypsy accidentally spilt wine on Jesse, while she was getting him some clean clothes, her parents returned to meet him half naked, so they assumed the worst.
Kirsty and Kane took a boat out but when they spotted Alf, Kirsty jumped into the water.  On a second date Sally and Flynn found them hiding in the back of a van.
Dan asked Leah out, she assumed to wear something formal but he turned up wearing the opposite.  It rained while they were in their picnic.
Hayley and Kim's date got to a bad start when the bottle of wine was smashed, so they got bitten by ants, the rain fell and their car broke down on their way home.
When Zoe and Kim went on a date, Zoe heard noises in the bushes, when Kim went to check out, Zoe got stabbed on the arm.
Before being separated, Hispania Balearica was the fourth district of the Tarraconensis with a native local government headed by a council. It served to provide for local needs and as a link directly to Rome. During the reign of Augustus the Balearicans requested help in stopping a plague of rabbits for which the Emperor dispatched troops.
The notes used in this scale are shadjam, chathusruthi rishabham, antara gandharam, panchamam and chathusruthi dhaivatham in ascending scale, with kakali nishadham and prati madhyamam included in descending scale. For the details of the notations and terms, see swaras in Carnatic music.
This cycling race article related to Spanish cycling is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The society was founded by Central and East European Historian Jack Hanley in 2005 to fill the knowledge gap of its member nations and the university community.  SACEEC is a plural society committed to the growth, advocacy, and dissemination of C&E European affairs and to improving society by educational and cultural means.
SACEEC's missions are to advance and promote the historical, cultural, and collective experiences of Central and Eastern European nations; to recognize their re-emergence and relevance on the contemporary geo-political landscape; and to celebrate their diversity and enriching contributions to the cultures, philosophies, and histories upon the narrative of civilization.
The Selangor pygmy flying squirrel (Petaurillus kinlochii) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae. It is endemic to Malaysia where it has only been found in the State of Selangor.
Gevor was born on March 16, 1980, in Etchmiadzin, Armenia. He moved to Hamburg, Germany when he was 16 and currently fights out of there. He is known for his good technique and speed.
Gevor started boxing at the age of 12. He had a very successful amateur career with 72 wins in 75 fights and won six national Armenian titles. He turned pro in 2000 and signed a contract with Universum Box Promotion. He is currently managed by Klaus-Peter Kohl.
Gevor won his first professional titles when, on December 3, 2005, he stopped Mexican Gustavo Magallanes in the eighth round and won the vacant IBF and WBO Inter-Continental middleweight titles. He defended both titles against Sergey Khomitsky before vacating them soon after.
Gevor fought against compatriot Arthur Abraham for the IBF Middleweight title on August 18, 2007. Gevor was defeated by an 11th-round knockout from a powerful left hook.
On November 28, 2008, Gevor beat Finn Amin Asikainen in his hometown of Helsinki by 7th-round knockout and won the European championship belt.
Gevor lost a controversial bout to WBA Middleweight Champion Felix Sturm by unanimous decision on July 11, 2009.
Gevor fought Baker Barakat in a six-round bout on December 10, 2011. The whole fight was fairly even. As soon as Barakat was announced the winner by decision, Gevor turned to the referee and punched him in the face. Barakat and people from both corners tried to hold Gevor back. Later in the dressing rooms, the fighting continued and police had to be called in to break it up.
Gevor has with Nenel Gevorgyan two sons and a daughter. Both his sons are also boxers, fighting for a club in Hamburg, and have become Northern Germany champions. In his free time, Khoren enjoys radio-controlled cars and motor racing.
Emily Nicholl (born 24 May 1994) is a Scottish netball player. She was selected to represent the Scotland netball team at the 2019 Netball World Cup.
This biographical article related to Scottish netball is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
In 2011, Pasha was hired to rewrite a movie screenplay entitled "The Immaculate" for Sidney Kimmel Entertainment and producer Charles Segars. The film follows an agnostic government agent assigned to protect a 17-year-old boy who some people believe is the Messiah.
Pasha wrote his first video game for the hip hop artist 50 Cent in 2008. The game, 50 Cent: Blood on the Sand, is the sequel to the bestselling 50 Cent: Bulletproof and is distributed by Vivendi Games.
Pasha was born on 3 April 1972 in Karachi, Pakistan, and migrated to the United States at the age of three. He was raised in Brooklyn in the predominantly Hasidic Jewish neighborhood of Borough Park. He attended Stuyvesant High School in New York, graduating in 1989. He went on to Dartmouth College, where he majored in comparative religion and was an editor of the college newspaper, The Dartmouth.
After graduating, Pasha worked as a journalist for the Wall Street publisher Institutional Investor and the Knight Ridder financial newswire. During his tenure as a reporter, he interviewed international leaders such as the Israeli prime minister Shimon Peres, the Pakistani prime minister Benazir Bhutto, and the Peruvian president, Alberto Fujimori.
He left journalism in 1996 and attended Cornell Law School. He subsequently enrolled in the MBA program at the Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth, and graduated with a joint law/business degree in 2000.
Pasha briefly worked as an attorney at the New York law firm of Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison before moving to Los Angeles to pursue a career in film making. He attended the MFA Producers Program at the UCLA School of Theater, Film and Television and graduated in 2003.
His first television writing job was as a staff writer on UPN's remake of the classic series The Twilight Zone.
In 2003, Pasha set up his first feature film project, a historical epic on the love story of the Taj Mahal, at Warner Brothers Pictures. He subsequently wrote a screen adaptation of the Japanese anime Kite in collaboration with the director Rob Cohen and the producer Anant Singh. He has also written screen adaptations of the Japanese horror film Ghost Actress by the director Hideo Nakata and adapted Deepak Chopra's novel Soulmate.
Pasha spent two years as a writer and co-producer for Sleeper Cell. In 2007, he signed on as a producer of NBC's Bionic Woman.
Pasha wrote and directed the short film Miriam, which won the Gaia Award at the Moondance International Film Festival in August 2008. The award is given to those who "elucidate and improve the spiritual quality of all life on the planet, and contribute[...] to the betterment of the world spirit".
In 2008, Pasha accompanied his mother on the hajj, the traditional Islamic pilgrimage to Mecca. Pasha blogs regularly for the Huffington Post.
Pasha sold his first two novels to Simon & Schuster in 2007. The books are entitled Mother of the Believers, a historical epic that follows the birth of Islam from the eyes of the Islamic prophet Muhammad's wife Aisha, and Shadow of the Swords, a love story set amidst the showdown of Richard the Lionheart and Saladin during the Third Crusade.
There are Neolithic archaeological sites near the mouth of the river where ancient ceramic remains belonging to the Ust-Karenga Culture have been found.
Andreia Machado (born 1 April 1995) is a Luxembourger footballer who plays as a forward for Dames Ligue 1 club Racing FC and the Luxembourg women's national team.
This biographical article related to women's association football in Luxembourg is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Ed Greenwood (born July 21, 1959) is a Canadian fantasy writer and the original creator of the Forgotten Realms game world. He began writing articles about the Forgotten Realms for Dragon magazine beginning in 1979, and subsequently sold the rights to the setting to TSR, the creators of the Dungeons & Dragons roleplaying game, in 1986. He has written many Forgotten Realms novels, as well as numerous articles and D&D game supplement books.
Ed Greenwood grew up in the upscale Toronto suburb of Don Mills. He began writing stories about the Forgotten Realms as a child, starting in the mid 1960s; they were his "dream space for swords and sorcery stories". Greenwood conceived of the Forgotten Realms as one world in a "multiverse" of parallel worlds which includes the Earth. He imagined such worlds as being the source of humanity's myths and legends.
Greenwood agreed to work on the project, and began to prepare his Forgotten Realms material for official publication. He sent TSR a few dozen cardboard boxes stuffed with pencil notes and maps, and sold all rights to the Realms for a token fee. The following year, Greenwood used this material as a basis for writing the Forgotten Realms Campaign Set along with coauthor Jeff Grubb.[citation needed]
The campaign setting was a major success, and Greenwood continued to be involved with all subsequent incarnations of the Forgotten Realms in D&D. He retained the rights to his fictional universe and went on to write numerous Forgotten Realms novels. Many of these center around the wizard Elminster, whom Greenwood has frequently portrayed at conventions and gaming events.[citation needed]
In addition to all these activities, Greenwood works as a library clerk (and sometimes as a librarian) and has edited over a dozen small press magazines. When not appearing at conventions, he lives in an old farmhouse in the countryside of Ontario.
As of 1998, Greenwood lived in applegrowing country on Lake Ontario, still working full-time at the North York Community Library, as he had since 1974, and continued to run his original Waterdeep campaign with the same core group he started with, albeit meeting only sporadically. He has stated that it is important for people who do freelance writing for roleplaying games to be active as both players and as dungeon masters.
Greenwood won "best player" at the 1984 Gen Con AD&D Open tournament and several Gamer's Choice Awards and Origins Awards for his game design. He was inducted into the Gamer's Choice Hall of Fame in 1992 and the Academy of Adventure Gaming's Hall of Fame in 2003. Order of Cramahe 2017. He received the Port Hope Civic Awards Arts & Culture Award 2019.
Ed Greenwood has appeared in the following podcasts, newspaper and magazine articles, websites, and podcasts.
In Iziaslav's absence, Prince Sviatoslav managed to defeat a much larger Cuman army on November 1, 1068 and stem the tide of Cuman raids. A small skirmish in 1071 was the only disturbance by the Cumans for the next two decades. Thus, while the Battle of Alta River was a disgrace for Kievan Rus', Sviatoslav's victory the following year relieved the Cumans' threat to Kiev and Chernigov for a considerable period.
BenchPrep is an American company that provides cloud-based study guides for standardized tests, professional certifications, and K-12 classroom learning. It has partnered with educational publishers such as McGraw Hill, John Wiley & Sons, and the Princeton Review to create interactive, digitized courses.
BenchPrep, formerly known as Watermelon Express, was founded in 2009 by Ashish Rangnekar and Ujjwal Gupta, after Ashish Rangnekar won the New Venture Challenge at the University of Chicago. Shortly thereafter, BenchPrep received $2.2 million in seed funding from Lightbank, the executives behind Groupon. In July 2012, the company announced a $6 million round of funding from New Enterprise Associates and Revolution LLC.
"Chuck Versus the Other Guy" is the thirteenth episode of Chuck's third season, and originally aired on April 5, 2010. Sarah and Shaw are ordered to track down the Director by Beckman, but Chuck has misgivings over whether Shaw can be trusted after the revelation that Sarah killed his wife.
Back at Castle, Chuck is reprimanded by Beckman for his unauthorized use of the strike team, although Shaw defends his actions to protect his partner. Nonetheless, Beckman benches Chuck and orders Sarah and Shaw to Washington to head up the search for the Director. Shaw finds the director, and Sarah chooses Chuck to help them apprehend him.
The next day, Chuck explains everything to Sarah who is not disappointed that he killed Shaw to save her.
Chuck goes home and gets drunk after being benched, and flashes and ties up Morgan when the latter tries to take away the bottle. Sarah arrives to discuss the situation and Chuck asks her if she loves him. Sarah says yes, and that she fell for him from the first time they met. Sarah then tells him they have a mission and takes him to meet Shaw to capture the Director.
Morgan believes that he is going to be made a full member of Team Bartowski, much to Casey's envy. Morgan subsequently tenders his resignation to Big Mike, and tells Casey to enjoy "my old life," a sentiment Casey mirrors. However, Beckman later proves displeased with Chuck involving Morgan in the mission when he recognized Shaw's fight with the Ring was staged, and suspends Chuck instead.
Meanwhile, Casey is still largely paralyzed by his dismissal and initially unwilling to help when Morgan and Chuck arrive to enlist him in their off-book operation to save Sarah. However, Morgan is able to appeal to his sense of duty and convinces him to help. On the flight, Chuck's ability to flash is of no use in determining Shaw's destination, however Casey reminds Chuck of his own intelligence without the need of the Intersect.
In Paris, Casey apprehends the Director and uses him as a bargaining chip with Beckman to get himself reinstated, and also convinces her to make Morgan an official part of the team. Morgan receives her call just after he returns to working at the Buy More. Morgan goes to quit again but Beckman reminds him that he has to stay to maintain his cover.
He played 3 seasons in the Russian Football National League for FC Luch-Energiya Vladivostok and FC Rotor Volgograd.
This biographical article related to a Russian association football defender born in the 1980s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Poliaenus volitans is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by John Lawrence LeConte in 1873. It is known from Guatemala and Mexico.
Dumfries is an unincorporated community in Glasgow Township, Wabasha County, Minnesota, United States.
The community is located between Wabasha and Zumbro Falls along State Highway 60 (MN 60). Wabasha County Roads 20, 30, and 86 are also in the immediate area. Trout Brook and the Zumbro River meet near Dumfries. Other nearby places include Wabasha, West Albany, Theilman, Kellogg, and Zumbro Falls.
A post office called Dumfries was established in 1894, and remained in operation until 1912. The community was named after Dumfries in Scotland.
This article about a location in Wabasha County, Minnesota is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The garden was one of the four (public) gardens that formed a core of the original garden festival of New Plymouth. It has also been named as one of Top 50 New Zealand Gardens by a garden guide book.
The New Hampshire Historical Society is an independent nonprofit in Concord that saves, preserves, and shares New Hampshire history.
The New Hampshire Historical Society was founded in 1823. The society has an extensive collection of objects and archives related to New Hampshire's history. Each year, the society uses its collections to serve members and visitors through its research library, museum, publications, and outreach programs. The society's education programs reach children from communities across the state.
The society is an independent, non-profit organization. The society depends on contributions from private sources to fund its operations.
The society is the state's primary organization for collecting, preserving, and sharing Granite State history. Its museum and library offer extensive collections of resources and materials related to New Hampshire history.
The society collects objects, books, manuscripts, and images that document New Hampshire's history. The collections include approximately 33,000 museum objects, 50,000 printed volumes, 1.5 million pages of manuscripts, 800,000 pages of newspapers, 250,000 photographic images, 10,000 broadsides and ephemera items. Ranging in date from pre-contact to the present day, the Society's holdings reflect broadly the state's economic, political, social, and cultural history.
The New Hampshire Historical Society's staff is prepared to assist in general research on New Hampshire history and genealogy by using any sources found in their library or museum. Research services can be requested by contacting the society.
The society offers changing exhibitions on a variety of topics and long-term displays of selected objects including paintings, New Hampshire-made furniture, the original eagle from the New Hampshire State House, and Revolutionary War flags.
The society offers a variety of educational programs, including school tours at the museum, outreach programs to classrooms across the state, workshops, lectures, demonstrations, courses, family days, and technical workshops for local historical societies and libraries. The society published a New Hampshire history curriculum for grades K-12.
The society publishes a semi-annual journal, Historical New Hampshire, and a quarterly newsletter featuring information on the society's events and activities. Additional special publications include exhibition catalogs, gallery brochures, and school activity guides. The society's publications have received awards from the American Association for State and Local History.
The society is governed by a 20-member board of trustees. The society employs 13 full-time and 25 part-time staff, assisted by 80 volunteers.
Along with 18 other cultural organizations, the New Hampshire Historical Society is a member of the New England Regional Fellowship Consortium, which offers grants for projects that draw on the collections and resources of the collaborating organizations.
All of the New Hampshire Historical Society's programs and services are made possible by membership dues and contributions from individuals, foundations, and businesses.
This is a list of toll roads in Indonesia grouped per province. Only toll roads that are either completely or partially operational are included. Partially opened toll roads are listed in italics.
Toll roads are operated by state-owned company Jasa Marga and various private companies. All operators are under the auspices of Toll Road Regulatory Agency (Badan Pengatur Jalan Tol, BPJT) of the Ministry of Public Works and People's Housing.
A Personnel Certification Body is an organization that awards credentials to individuals meeting specific competence requirements relating to a profession, an occupation, a job or a portion of a job. A personnel certification body develops criteria against which an individual needs to demonstrate competencies and ensures that these criteria are held by applicants before certifying them. 
Most personnel certification bodies offer professional certification if an individual meets requirements such as a minimum number of years of related working experience, minimum education level and having passed a certification exam or equivalent.
Many personnel certification bodies are accredited by accrediting bodies to the ISO/IEC 17024 standard, which was designed to harmonize the personnel certification process worldwide. Most are not. Accreditation means having gone through a validation process or assessment from a national accreditation body such as the American National Standards Institute ANSI,  German Accreditation Body DAkkS, International Accreditation Service IAS, or the United Kingdom Accreditation Service UKAS (UK)).
Many accredited personnel certifications bodies are members of the International Personnel Certification Association.
Paolo Beatrizzotti (born 3 November 1992 in Parma, Italy) is an Italian football player who is currently playing for Santarcangelo on loan from Parma.
In July 2011, Beatrizzotti moved from Parma to Santarcangelo on a co-ownership deal, but full ownership returned to Parma in January 2012. In July 2012, he returned to Santarcangelo on a year's loan.
This biographical article related to association football in Italy, about a defender born in the 1990s, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
As of 2001[update] India census, Krishnapuram  had a population of 25927 with 12305 males and 13622 females.
The season was divided into two tournaments: the Apertura and the Clausura. In each tournament, the teams played against each other in a single round-robin format. Whoever plays at home against an opponent in the Apertura played the same opponent as a visitor in the Clausura. The champion of the Copa Uruguaya could have been decided in three ways:
Since Nacional won the initial playoff, an additional two matches was contested to crown the champion. The points system was used for the two matches. The team with the most points at the end of the second game was declared the champion. If there was a tie in points after the second game, goal difference would be used to break the tie, followed by two fifteen-minute extra periods, followed by a penalty shootout if necessary. 
Libinia ferreirae is a species of tropical spider crab in the family Epialtidae. It is found on the seabed in shallow waters off the Atlantic coast of South America.
Like other spider crabs, Libinia ferreirae has a roughly circular spiny carapace that extends forwards into a rostrum between the two, stalked eyes. It has five pairs of walking limbs.
The larvae of Libinia ferreirae are planktonic and have one prezoeal stage, two zoeal stages and one megalopa stage. The carapace of the zoea has one short rostral and one curved dorsal spine and some of the abdominal segments have spiny projections. The post-larval megalopa has a downturned rostrum, a carapace with various protuberances and four pairs of abdominal appendages.
Adult Libinia ferreirae often have faunal epibionts growing on their carapace. These include algae, polychaete worms, sea anemones, barnacles, bryozoans and hydroids. The most common species growing on the carapace was the sea anemone, Calliactis tricolor, which seems to be used by the crabs as camouflage. Bryozoans colonised the legs as well as the carapace.
Hello I Must Be Going is a 2012 American comedy-drama film written by Sarah Koskoff and directed by Todd Louiso. It stars Melanie Lynskey, Christopher Abbott and Blythe Danner. The film had its world premiere at the 2012 Sundance Film Festival, and was released theatrically in the United States on September 7, 2012. The title is a reference to a song from the Marx Brothers' film Animal Crackers.
Speaking of the casting decision of Lynskey in the lead, director Todd Louiso said, "I knew if I cast her, the film had the potential to resonate on a thousand different levels." After Lynskey's audition, "there was no one else."  The role represented a career breakthrough for Lynskey, who had previously played in numerous supporting roles.  In Hello I Must Be Going, she appears in every scene.
In the midst of a divorce and condemned to move back in with her parents at the age of 35, Amy Minsky's prospects are looking bleak. She's depressed, out of work, and fed up with everybody's so-called "advice", but a secret love affair with a handsome 19-year-old gradually reinstates her self-esteem.
The film was nominated for the Grand Jury Prize in the U.S. Dramatic Competition at the 2012 Sundance Film Festival, and was named one of the Top Ten Independent Films of 2012 by the National Board of Review. Lynskey's performance earned a nomination for Breakthrough Actor at the 2012 Gotham Awards.
The film's soundtrack was released on September 11, 2012. It features instrumental and vocal material by American singer/songwriter Laura Veirs.
Marianella Castellanos (born April 15, 1984 in Acarigua, Portuguesa, Venezuela) is a Venezuelan softball player. She competed for Venezuela at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
This biographical article relating to a Venezuelan softball figure is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
He moved to Los Angeles with an ensemble in the early 1960s, but his band failed and he returned to West Virginia. Later in the 1960s he moved to New York City. He played the uptown East Side local Bar's (Malachy's II) and eventually found success. He released his debut album on Warner Bros. Records in 1970. He scored two minor hit singles in the early 1970s. Further releases followed later in the decade, as did a third hit in 1980.
Richards made the first recording of Tom Snow and Nan O'Byrne's "You Might Need Somebody", which was subsequently a UK hit twice, reaching number 11 for Randy Crawford in 1981 and number 4 for Shola Ama in 1997.
The Brown Tobacco Warehouse is a historic warehouse building located in Louisville, Kentucky.  The two-story brick structure was built in 1892. It was first occupied by John W. Brown & Brothers Tobacco Company.
It has a two-story arched entrance for vehicles, with three narrower round-arched window bays on each side.  The building is "representative of the architecture of the many tobacco warehouses built after the 1890 tornado."
This article about a property in Jefferson County, Kentucky on the National Register of Historic Places is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article related to a building or structure in Louisville, Kentucky is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Colpoda are distinctly reniform (kidney-shaped) and are strongly convex on one side, concave on the other. The concave side often looks like a bite was taken out of it. Although they are not as well known as the paramecium, they are often the first protozoa to appear in hay infusions, especially when the sample does not come from an existing mature source of standing water.
Colpoda are often found in moist soil and because of their ability to readily enter protective cysts will quite frequently be found in desiccated samples of soil and vegetation as well as in temporary natural pools such as tree holes. They have also been found in the intestines of various animals, and can be cultured from their droppings.
Colpoda cucullus has been found inhabiting the surface of plants and seems to dominate the microfauna there. Several species of Colpoda have been found in the pitcher plant Sarracenia purpurea, despite the presence of protease digestive enzymes in the liquid.
Colpoda also tend to be found in abundance where increased levels of bacteria offer an enriched food source. In commercial chicken houses, for example, they seemed to  be ubiquitous but the species found vary widely from one location to the next, suggesting that these populations represent local soil and aquatic populations which migrated into the new habitat.
Colpoda normally divide in cysts, from which two to eight individuals emerge, four being the most common number. This produces genetically identical individuals. The rate at which such reproduction occurs and how it is affected by various environmental conditions has been the subject of a great deal of scientific research.
As in other ciliates, division in Colpoda may be preceded by a sexual phenomenon known as conjugation. This involves two Colpoda joining at the oral groove and exchanging DNA. Following conjugation, the Colpoda divides, redistributing the DNA of the two original cells to produce numerous genetically distinct offspring.
Most Colpoda species are either primarily or exclusively bacterivores feeding on a wide variety of bacteria, which include Moraxella. Several scientific studies have been made on the effect of different bacterial diets on the rate of Colpoda reproduction. Much has been written on the ecological role that Colpoda fulfill in the soil.
In addition to their role as predators of bacteria, Colpoda are themselves prey to large variety of species. This includes other protozoans as well as small animals such as mosquito larva, other insect larva, and waterfleas.
In addition to their use in education and in a wide variety of scientific studies, Colpoda have at times been suggested for more practical uses. Colpoda steini has been suggested as a means to assess the toxicity of soil treated with sewage sludge and as a means to detect chemical contamination in general, possibly in the wake of a terrorist attack.
He made his debut for FC Zorya as a substituted player in the second half-time in the match against FC Vorskla Poltava on 24 September 2017 in the Ukrainian Premier League.
Father of Serhiy, Serhiy Maiboroda was a marine infantryman who was killed by the Russian occupation forces in 2019.
This biographical article related to a Ukrainian association football midfielder born in the 1990s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about a historical novel of the 2000s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
See guidelines for writing about novels. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.
This article about a World War II novel first published in the 2000s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
See guidelines for writing about novels. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.
He was born in Krute (Krytha) in Ulcinj Municipality (Ulqin), present-day Montenegro and studied Albanian language and literature at the University of Pristina. He was professor of style, semiotics and contemporary poetry at the Academy of Arts of Kosovo. He published seven anthologies of poetry and five works on literary criticism. Since 2012 he was a member of the Academy of Sciences of Albania. He has been considered a leading poet in the Albanian community in Montenegro.
Fast Eagle 102 (BuNo 160403) is now on display at the Commemorative Air Force Museum in Midland, Texas. The restored F-14 was unveiled in a ceremony on August 26, 2016. Vice Admiral Dave Venlet cut the first tape. Fast Eagle 107 (BuNo 160390) was destroyed in an accident on 25 October 1994.[citation needed]
F-14 BuNo 162592, painted to depict the F-14 (BuNo 160403) flown by Kleemann and Venlet on display at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library in Simi Valley, California
To avoid direct competition with Fox's American Idol, Dancing with the Stars changed time slots from the previous season. In this season, the performance show aired on Mondays, and the results show aired on Tuesdays. No elimination was scheduled for the first week, in order to allow viewers two weeks to see all of the couples perform both Latin and Standard ballroom dances. This season was broadcast on BBC One in the United Kingdom on Sunday afternoons from Sunday, July 15, 2007.
On May 22, 2007, olympic short-track speed skater Apolo Anton Ohno and Julianne Hough were announced the winners, marking the first win for Hough.
Tom Bergeron and Samantha Harris returned as hosts, while Carrie Ann Inaba, Len Goodman, and Bruno Tonioli returned as judges.
The best and worst performances in each dance according to the judges' 30-point scale are as follows:
Individual judges' scores in the charts below (given in parentheses) are listed in this order from left to right: Carrie Ann Inaba, Len Goodman, Bruno Tonioli.
His Lordship is a 1932 British musical comedy film directed by Michael Powell. It was made as a Quota quickie.
Cheerful Cockney Bert Gibbs inherits a title from his father and becomes Lord Thornton Heath. However, then he meets up with movie star Ilya Myona and when his mother asks about her, Bert implies they are engaged. After some adventures with some dubious Russian types, Bert's girl Lenina eventually wins him back.
His Lordship was declared to be "Missing, Believed Lost" by the British Film Institute, but a copy was subsequently found. It was put onto safety film and shown at the NFT in 2000. It proved popular with audiences as a camp classic.
Roberto Arango-Vinent is a Cuban American politician who served in the Senate of Puerto Rico from January 2005 until August 2011 representing the San Juan district for the New Progressive Party of Puerto Rico (NPP), which is a conservative group derived from the Republican Statehood Party.
During his tenure Arango voted for anti-gay legislation several times. He resigned his senate seat and withdrew from politics in 2011 after a series of nude photos from the gay match application Grindr were made public, and stated that he had come to realise that he was gay. In 2014 he ran, unsuccessfully, for election again.
Arango studied at Colegio San Ignacio in San Juan. He then graduated from Louisiana State University (LSU) receiving a Bachelor's degree in Marketing and Technology. After that, he worked as a food importer and wholesaler.
In 1989 Arango founded his own food distribution company, Intercontinental Food Distributors. In 2003 he was named Young Entrepreneur of the year by the Business Men and Women International Alliance (AIHME).
Arango then served as a member of the Executive Committee of the Council of State Governments' Eastern Regional Conference (CSG/ERC). An alumnus of CSG/ERC's Eastern Leadership Academy, he was elected president of the class of 2006. He was a member of CSG's Toll Fellows Program class of 2007.[citation needed]
He was nominated for a second term in the 2008 PNP primary, which he won. In the 2008 general elections, he was the top vote-winner within the San Juan District. His fellow senators chose him as the Senate Majority Leader for the term, the top Senate leadership position after the Senate Presidency, for which Sen. Thomas Rivera Schatz was selected.  As Majority Leader, he was charged with the task of pursuing the approval of the PNP's programmatic legislation in the legislative body.
He was opposed to the practice of shooting firearms up into the air during the holiday season, especially on New Year's Eve, a practice that has caused injury.[citation needed] On December 21, 2008, he held a joint press conference on the issue with Guayama, Puerto Rico Mayor-elect Glorimari Jaime and several pop artists, including Miguelito.
After his resignation, Arango started working on a private international distributor. When questioned by the press he did not deny that he might return to politics in the future.
In March 2014 Arango said in an interview with NotiUno that he had come to understand he was gay as a result of his resignation. Critics noted he had previously cast several anti-gay votes, had led efforts to pass a constitutional same-sex marriage ban, and in 2004 mocked another candidate, implying that the candidate was gay.
Two bacterial strains isolated from Lake Mondsee were recognized as new species and described as Polynucleobacter cosmopolitanus and Polynucleobacter duraquae, respectively. Both species are non-pathogenic and dwell in the lake as part of its bacterioplankton.
Ian Fleming mentions the Mondsee in one of his James Bond novels, Thunderball. In chapter six, Blofeld reports to the members of SMERSH that their German unit has successfully retrieved (in secret) Himmler's hoard of jewels from Lake Mondsee.
Isaac Towers (born 1 October 1998) is a Paralympian athlete from England competing in category T34 sprint and middle-distance events. Towers won gold to become European champion in the 800m (T34) event in 2016 and qualified for the Summer Paralympics in Rio.
Towers was born in 1998 in Lancashire, England. He was educated at Saint Michael's on Wyre Primary School and King Edward VII and Queen Mary School, before attending Cardinal Newman College where he studies business. He has cerebral palsy.
Towers was introduced to wheelchair athletics in 2010 after being introduced to the sport by para-athletics coach Ian Thompson. By 2011 he was classified as a T34 classification athlete and was competing at regional competitions. In 2013 he wanted to enter the World Championships in Lyon, but at 14 he was under the minimum age requirement. That year he was named as a nominee for the BBC Young Sports Personality of the Year.
It was established on 4 June 1888, with 29 students and one temporary school building. The school was originally called Kalawana Swabhasha Misra Patashalawa. In 1958 it reached Maha Vidyalaya status and in 1979 Madya Maha Vidyalaya status. In 2012 there were over 2,300 students, 88 teachers and 28 permanent buildings.
Kalawana Central College was designated as a National School by the Sri Lankan Government in the mid 1990s.
On 22 September 1798, Captain Louis-Marie Le Gouardun took command, until 5 October of the same year.
This article about a specific military ship or boat of France is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The 1958 San Jose State Spartans football team represented San Jose State College[note 1] during the 1958 NCAA University Division football season.
When a coin is in use as money and the intrinsic value becomes greater than the face value, these coins are in danger of being removed from circulation in large numbers (an expression of Gresham's law). When copper prices skyrocketed in the mid-to-late 1970s, there was a fear that the U.S. one-cent piece might succumb to this fate, leading the Mint to change the composition of the cent in 1982.
This article related to sports in Baton Rouge, Louisiana is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Gilson is both an English and French surname and a given name. Notable people with the name include:
These are delicate filaments, from six to ten in number, which arise from the forepart of the ganglion in two bundles connected with its superior and inferior angles; the lower bundle is the larger.
They run forward with the ciliary arteries in a wavy course, one set above and the other below the optic nerve, and are accompanied by the long ciliary nerves from the nasociliary.
They pierce the sclera at the back part of the bulb of the eye, pass forward in delicate grooves on the inner surface of the sclera, and are distributed to the ciliary muscle, iris, and cornea.
Scheme showing sympathetic and parasympathetic innervation of the pupil and sites of lesion in a Horner's syndrome.
Olive Crest is a non-profit organization dedicated to helping abused and neglected children.  Olive Crest was founded in 1973, and serves 5,000 children and families each year throughout California, Nevada, and the Pacific Northwest. Within these states are the six regions Olive Crest is currently located in: the Inland Empire and Desert Communities, Los Angeles, Nevada, Orange County, the Pacific Northwest, and San Diego.
In 2014, Olive Crest exceeded national averages for four key outcomes: Safety, Well-being, Stability, and Permanence. Key outcomes:
This article about an organization in the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The topic of projective geometry is itself now divided into many research subtopics, two examples of which are projective algebraic geometry (the study of projective varieties) and projective differential geometry (the study of differential invariants of the projective transformations).
In a foundational sense, projective geometry and ordered geometry are elementary since they involve a minimum of axioms and either can be used as the foundation for affine and Euclidean geometry. Projective geometry is not "ordered" and so it is a distinct foundation for geometry.
The work of Poncelet, Jakob Steiner and others was not intended to extend analytic geometry. Techniques were supposed to be synthetic: in effect projective space as now understood was to be introduced axiomatically. As a result, reformulating early work in projective geometry so that it satisfies current standards of rigor can be somewhat difficult. Even in the case of the projective plane alone, the axiomatic approach can result in models not describable via linear algebra.
This period in geometry was overtaken by research on the general algebraic curve by Clebsch, Riemann, Max Noether and others, which stretched existing techniques, and then by invariant theory. Towards the end of the century, the Italian school of algebraic geometry (Enriques, Segre, Severi) broke out of the traditional subject matter into an area demanding deeper techniques.
During the later part of the 19th century, the detailed study of projective geometry became less fashionable, although the literature is voluminous. Some important work was done in enumerative geometry in particular, by Schubert, that is now considered as anticipating the theory of Chern classes, taken as representing the algebraic topology of Grassmannians.
Paul Dirac studied projective geometry and used it as a basis for developing his concepts of quantum mechanics, although his published results were always in algebraic form. See a blog article referring to an article and a book on this subject, also to a talk Dirac gave to a general audience during 1972 in Boston about projective geometry, without specifics as to its application in his physics.
Additional properties of fundamental importance include Desargues' Theorem and the Theorem of Pappus. In projective spaces of dimension 3 or greater there is a construction that allows one to prove Desargues' Theorem. But for dimension 2, it must be separately postulated.
There are many projective geometries, which may be divided into discrete and continuous: a discrete geometry comprises a set of points, which may or may not be finite in number, while a continuous geometry has infinitely many points with no gaps in between.
The only projective geometry of dimension 0 is a single point. A projective geometry of dimension 1 consists of a single line containing at least 3 points. The geometric construction of arithmetic operations cannot be performed in either of these cases. For dimension 2, there is a rich structure in virtue of the absence of Desargues' Theorem.
The smallest 2-dimensional projective geometry (that with the fewest points) is the Fano plane, which has 3 points on every line, with 7 points and 7 lines in all, having the following collinearities:
The term "projective geometry" is used sometimes to indicate the generalised underlying abstract geometry, and sometimes to indicate a particular geometry of wide interest, such as the metric geometry of flat space which we analyse through the use of homogeneous coordinates, and in which Euclidean geometry may be embedded (hence its name, Extended Euclidean plane).
The parallel property of elliptic geometry is the key idea that leads to the principle of projective duality, possibly the most important property that all projective geometries have in common.
In practice, the principle of duality allows us to set up a dual correspondence between two geometric constructions. The most famous of these is the polarity or reciprocity of two figures in a conic curve (in 2 dimensions) or a quadric surface (in 3 dimensions). A commonplace example is found in the reciprocation of a symmetrical polyhedron in a concentric sphere to obtain the dual polyhedron.
Another example is Brianchon's theorem, the dual of the already mentioned Pascal's theorem, and one of whose proofs simply consists of applying the principle of duality to Pascal's. Here are comparative statements of these two theorems (in both cases within the framework of the projective plane):
Any given geometry may be deduced from an appropriate set of axioms. Projective geometries are characterised by the "elliptic parallel" axiom, that any two planes always meet in just one line, or in the plane, any two lines always meet in just one point. In other words, there are no such things as parallel lines or planes in projective geometry.
Many alternative sets of axioms for projective geometry have been proposed (see for example Coxeter 2003, Hilbert & Cohn-Vossen 1999, Greenberg 1980).
These axioms are based on Whitehead, "The Axioms of Projective Geometry". There are two types, points and lines, and one "incidence" relation between points and lines. The three axioms are:
The reason each line is assumed to contain at least 3 points is to eliminate some degenerate cases. The spaces satisfying these three axioms either have at most one line, or are projective spaces of some dimension over a division ring, or are non-Desarguesian planes.
One can pursue axiomatization by postulating a ternary relation, [ABC] to denote when three points (not all necessarily distinct) are collinear. An axiomatization may be written down in terms of this relation as well:
For two different points, A and B, the line AB is defined as consisting of all points C for which [ABC]. The axioms C0 and C1 then provide a formalization of G2; C2 for G1 and C3 for G3.
The concept of line generalizes to planes and higher-dimensional subspaces. A subspace, AB...XY may thus be recursively defined in terms of the subspace AB...X as that containing all the points of all lines YZ, as Z ranges over AB...X. Collinearity then generalizes to the relation of "independence". A set {A, B, ..., Z} of points is independent, [AB...Z] if {A, B, ..., Z} is a minimal generating subset for the subspace AB...Z.
The projective axioms may be supplemented by further axioms postulating limits on the dimension of the space. The minimum dimension is determined by the existence of an independent set of the required size. For the lowest dimensions, the relevant conditions may be stated in equivalent form as follows. A projective space is of:
The maximum dimension may also be determined in a similar fashion. For the lowest dimensions, they take on the following forms. A projective space is of:
It is generally assumed that projective spaces are of at least dimension 2. In some cases, if the focus is on projective planes, a variant of M3 may be postulated. The axioms of (Eves 1997: 111), for instance, include (1), (2), (L3) and (M3). Axiom (3) becomes vacuously true under (M3) and is therefore not needed in this context.
Coxeter's Introduction to Geometry gives a list of five axioms for a more restrictive concept of a projective plane attributed to Bachmann, adding Pappus's theorem to the list of axioms above (which eliminates non-Desarguesian planes) and excluding projective planes over fields of characteristic 2 (those that don't satisfy Fano's axiom). The restricted planes given in this manner more closely resemble the real projective plane.
Given three non-collinear points, there are three lines connecting them, but with four points, no three collinear, there are six connecting lines and three additional "diagonal points" determined by their intersections. The science of projective geometry captures this surplus determined by four points through a quaternary relation and the projectivities which preserve the complete quadrangle configuration.
An harmonic quadruple of points on a line occurs when there is a complete quadrangle two of whose diagonal points are in the first and third  position of the quadruple, and the other two positions are points on the lines joining two quadrangle points through the third diagonal point.
A spacial perspectivity of a projective configuration in one plane yields such a configuration in another, and this applies to the configuration of the complete quadrangle. Thus harmonic quadruples are preserved by perspectivity. If one perspectivity follows  another the configurations follow along. The composition of two perspectivities is no longer a perspectivity, but a projectivity.
While corresponding points of a perspectivity all converge at a point, this convergence  is not true for a  projectivity that is not a perspectivity. In projective geometry the intersection of lines formed by  corresponding points of a projectivity in a plane are of particular interest. The set of such intersections is called a projective conic, and in acknowledgement of the work of Jakob Steiner, it is  referred to as a Steiner conic.
Suppose a projectivity  is formed by two perspectivities centered on points A and B, relating x to X by an intermediary p:
Given a conic C and a point P not on it, two distinct secant lines through P intersect C in four points. These four points determine a quadrangle of which P is a diagonal point. The line through the other two diagonal points is called the polar of P and P is the pole of this line. Alternatively, the polar line of P is the set of projective harmonic conjugates of P on a variable secant line passing through P and C.
The Siddheshwari Kali Mandir is a Hindu temple located at 14 Siddheshwari Lane in Dhaka, Bangladesh.
It is unknown how and when the temple was established. It is known that the name of Siddheshwari has come from the temple's name.  It is estimated that someone called Chand Rai established this temple.
It is situated in a very congested area with narrow roads and crowded with people. Beside Siddheshwari the centre of Malibug is situated. In the courtyard of the temple a "Roktochondon" tree is standing. Near the temple there was an old pond and some old temples.
In the temple, festivals are organized. At the time of Sharodio festival the people have placed Puja in front of the statue of Devi Ma for years. The people organize the grand festival of Durga Puja. On the tenth day of worshiping the Hindu people immerse the statue of Devi Ma into the pond. In this way the festivals goes on throughout the year.
Tritoma angulata is a species of pleasing fungus beetle in the family Erotylidae. It is found in North America.
Darabi served five years of a prison sentence for theft on death row after her conviction (In Iran, prisoners often have to serve time in prison before execution). She initially confessed, but later recanted, claiming her boyfriend, Amir Hossein, persuaded her to confess by convincing her that he would be executed (as she would not have been in most places, being a minor; but this was not the case in Iran).
Darabi was born in the northern city of Rasht, in the province of Gilan. Darabi was hanged in the morning of 1 May 2009. The news of her hanging was announced to the world by Iranian-American lawyer, Lily Mazahery, who posted the information on Twitter.
Darabi was a painter and wrote a few poems during her lifetime. She had used her paintings and poems to express her feelings. In 2008 there was an exhibition of her paintings in Tehran; a similar exhibition was held in Stockholm in April 2007.
According to the penal code of the Islamic Republic of Iran, children are considered criminally responsible for their actions as adults at the age of puberty. Pursuant to Article 1210, Addendum 1, girls reach the age of puberty 6 years before their male counterparts, at age of 9. Boys, on the other hand, are not legally considered to have reached the maturity that would make them responsible for their actions, such as murder, until the age of 15.
Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International say Iran executes the most juvenile offenders of any country, in breach of the UN Convention, which forbids the death penalty for crimes committed under the age of 18. Lawyers[who?] estimate 130 prisoners are on death row in Iran for murders committed as minors.
Dorchester is a village in Saline County, Nebraska, United States. It is thirty-eight miles southwest from the Lincoln, Nebraska metropolitan area. The population was 586 at the 2010 census.
Dorchester was platted in 1870 when the Burlington and Missouri River Railroad was extended to that point. The name was probably chosen to conform with the alphabetical stops on the new Burlington & Quincy Railroad line traveling westward from Lincoln: Berks, Crete, Dorchester, Exeter, Fairmont, Grafton, Huxley, etc. It was likely named after Dorchester, Massachusetts, although some say it was named for Dorchester, in England, which in any case is the namesake of the Massachusetts city.
As of the census of 2010, there were 586 people, 233 households, and 166 families residing in the village. The population density was 1,220.8 inhabitants per square mile (471.4/km2). There were 253 housing units at an average density of 527.1 per square mile (203.5/km2). The racial makeup of the village was 90.8% White, 1.0% African American, 0.2% Native American, 0.2% Asian, 6.8% from other races, and 1.0% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 9.7% of the population.
There were 233 households, of which 34.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.8% were married couples living together, 11.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.8% were non-families. 24.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.98.
The median age in the village was 37.5 years. 26.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.4% were from 25 to 44; 26.8% were from 45 to 64; and 13.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.5% male and 51.5% female.
As of the census of 2000, there were 615 people, 148 households, and 85 families residing in the village. The population density was 1,349.3 people per square mile (516.2/km2). There were 258 housing units at an average density of 566.1 per square mile (216.6/km2). The racial makeup of the village was 97.24% White, 2.60% from other races, and 0.16% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 4.07% of the population.
There were 248 households, out of which 32.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.1% were married couples living together, 10.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.4% were non-families. 23.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.88.
In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.9% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 28.6% from 25 to 44, 20.5% from 45 to 64, and 18.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.9 males.
As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $34,000, and the median income for a family was $40,982. Males had a median income of $29,803 versus $23,750 for females. The per capita income for the village was $16,389. About 4.1% of families and 6.2% of the population were below the poverty line, including 2.8% of those under age 18 and 8.8% of those age 65 or over.
Carabus scabrosus, common name huge violet ground beetle,  is a species of beetles of the family Carabidae.
He temporarily stopped working in the 1870s, for unknown reasons, but began painting historical art in the 80s. In 1881, he became a member of the Association of Travelling Art Exhibitions. His best work during this time was arguably his genre paintings, each exhibiting a human moral. From 1887 to 1890, he taught at the MSPSA and, in 1889, became curator at the Tretyakov Gallery.
In 1898, following the death of Pavel Tretyakov, he was offered the position of Director at the gallery, but declined, citing old age and poor health. At the age of 74, in great financial distress, he committed suicide by shooting himself at his estate near Mogilev.
On 25 September 1980, the Soviet Union issued a 6 kopek postage stamp  commemorating the 150th anniversary of his birth (together with that of Konstantin Flavitsky).
An international open-air painting festival is held annually in his honor in the Mogilev Region of Belarus.
"We'll Always Have Bourbon Street" is the eighth episode of The Vampire Diaries's fourth season, premiering December 6, 2012 on The CW.
When the episode aired on December 6, 2012, the episode was viewed by 2.42 million American viewers.
The Great Satraps' Revolt, or the Revolt of the Satraps (366-360 BC), was a rebellion in the Achaemenid Empire of several satraps against the authority of the Great King Artaxerxes II Mnemon. The Satraps who revolted were Datames, Ariobarzanes and Orontes of Armenia. Mausolus the Dynast of Caria participated in the Revolt of the Satraps, both on his nominal sovereign Artaxerxes Mnemon's side and (briefly) against him.
They were supported by the pharaohs of Egypt, Nectanebo I, Teos, and Nectanebo II, to whom was sent Rheomithres who came back with 50 ships and 500 talents, and all joined forces against Artaxerxes II.
Datames, the satrap of Cappadocia and a talented military commander, had inherited his satrapy from his father Camissares after 384 BC  but later problems with the court led him to revolt in 372 BC. The court commanded the neighboring satraps, Autophradates of Lydia and Artumpara of Lycia, to crush the rebellion but Datames successfully resisted their attacks.
Datames was killed in 362 BC after his son in law Mitrobarzanes betrayed him, falsely claiming to be his ally against the Achaemenid king.
Ariobarzanes, satrap of Phrygia and a son of the ruler of Pontus, had been made acting satrap of Hellespontine Phrygia until Artabazos, the legitimate heir of the satrapy could take office. But when Artabazos was ready to take the satrapy Ariobarzanes refused to surrender it and joined Datames' revolt in 366 BC.
Ariobarzanes sought foreign aid and he received it from King Agesilaus II of Sparta.  Ariobarzanes withstood a siege at Adramyttium in 366 BC, from Mausolus of Caria and  Autophradates of Lydia, until Agesilaus negotiated the besiegers' retreat. As signal of sympathy in the effort, Athens made Ariobarzanes and three of his sons citizens of Athens. Ariobarzanes was betrayed by his son Mithridates to his overlord, the Persian king, who had Ariobarzanes crucified.
The winners of both 1 East (Penallta) and 1 East Central (Beddau) would play-off at a neutral venue to determine which club would be promoted. The game was to be played at Taff's Well's ground, Maes Gwyn.
Maitland also fought at various battles during the First Opium War including the Battle of Canton at which he commanded the 1st naval battalion. He gave evidence to the Royal Commission on the Defence of the United Kingdom and argued that building powerful ships was more important than building fortifications. He went on to be Commander-in-Chief, Pacific Station.
Maitland was appointed First and Principal Naval Aide-de-Camp to the Queen on 22 November 1866. Promoted to full admiral on 8 April 1868, he retired in February 1873 and was advanced to Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath on 24 May 1873. He was promoted to Admiral of the Fleet on 27 December 1877 and died at his home, Thirlestane Castle in Berwickshire on 1 September 1878.
Ledanca is a municipality located in the province of Guadalajara, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2004 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 120 inhabitants.
Smoky Mountain Brass Quintet is a brass quintet founded in 1993 and currently Quintet in Residence at Western Carolina University.
Since its founding in 1993, the Smoky Mountain Brass Quintet has entertained audiences around the world in nine countries on three continents in venues such as Weill Recital Hall at Carnegie Hall, and Shostakovich Philharmonia Hall. The Quintet performs a wide variety of music ranging from Early Renaissance to Jazz. In addition, works commissioned from regional composers such as Bruce Frazier, Michael Kallstrom and Robert Kehrberg have expanded the repertoire for all brass quintets.
The Smoky Mountain Brass Quintet is a non-profit, 501-c(3) organization whose mission is "to promote the understanding and enjoyment of music, particularly among the youth of western North Carolina, and to expand appreciation for the musical heritage of the Southern Appalachian region".
Among its many community service performances, the SMBQ has helped to raise money for the new public library, for the local arts council, and for the Jackson County band program. On an afternoon in 2007, the quintet hosted "Sunday in the Park" and helped raise $14,500 for National Alzheimer's Day.[citation needed]
Until 2015 he was Editor in Chief of the scientific journal Astrophysics and Space Science and author with Dr Ralph Sutherland of Astrophysics of the Diffuse Universe.
Laskin began his training at Indiana University, where he received a BS, he went on to attend Indiana University School of Dentistry.  He then completed an Oral Surgery Internship at Jersey City Medical Center.  He completed his residency training in Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery at the University of Illinois and Cook County Hospitals.
Once again in 2007 Dr. Daniel M. Laskin has demonstrated his commitment to both the profession and the public by establishing the Lectureship in Professional Ethics at Indiana University School of Dentistry.
Laskin is well known to the Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery community even at the global level. He has received honorary memberships to eight national oral and maxillofacial surgery societies.  He has received honorary doctoral degrees from England, Scotland, as well as his alma mater, Indiana University.
Hibbertia carinata is a species of flowering plant in the family Dilleniaceae and is endemic to the south-west of Western Australia. It is a shrub with crowded linear leaves and yellow flowers with nine to eleven stamens fused at their bases on one side of the two densely hairy carpels.
Hibbertia carinata was first formally described in 2000 by Judith R. Wheeler in the journal Nuytsia from specimens collected at Hatter Hill in 1996. The specific epithet (carinata) means "keeled", referring to sepals.
This hibbertia has a scattered distribution through the southern Wheatbelt and a small parts of the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia between Lake Grace in the west and  Esperance in the east where it is found growing in well-drained gravelly sandy soils.
Hibbertia carinata is classified as "Priority One" by the Government of Western Australia Department of Parks and Wildlife, meaning that it is known from only one or a few locations which are potentially at risk.
Holaxyra ancylosticha is a moth in the family Gelechiidae. It was described by Turner in 1919. It is found in Australia, where it has been recorded from Queensland.
This article on a moth of the subfamily Dichomeridinae is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Kharkhni is located 12 km west of Khuchni (the district's administrative centre) by road. Dzhuldzhag, Churdaf and Gasik are the nearest rural localities.
Yusufguda Metro Station is located on the Blue Line of the Hyderabad Metro. It is near to Krishna kanth Park, Kotla Vijaya bhaskar Stadium, Pochamma Temple, Krishna Hospital, Vidyaniketan High Schoolm and Lakshmi Narasimha Nagar road
The stations have staircases, elevators and escalators from the street level to the platform level which provide easy and comfortable access. Also, operation panels inside the elevators are installed at a level that can be conveniently operated by all passengers, including differently-abled and elderly citizens.
This article about a railway station in the Indian state of Telangana is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The collared whitestart (Myioborus torquatus), also known as the collared redstart, is a tropical New World warbler endemic to the mountains of Costa Rica and western-central Panama.
The sexes are similar, but young birds are duller, with a browner back, weakly yellow underparts, and the head entirely slate-coloured, with no yellow on the face or red on the crown.[citation needed]
The collared whitestart feeds on insects, frequently fanning its striking tail as it pursues its prey. It will join mixed feeding flocks, and will follow cattle and occasionally humans for the insects they flush.
The roofed nest has a round side entrance and is built on the ground or a steep bank, hidden amongst rocks, tufts of grass or under a fallen log. It is constructed from strips of bark, plant fibres, leaves, and grass. From March to May, the female will lay 2 or 3 white or cream eggs that are speckled with fine brown spots. Incubation lasts about two weeks, but other nesting details are largely unknown.
hitchBOT was a Canadian hitchhiking robot created by professors David Harris Smith of McMaster University and Frauke Zeller of Ryerson University in 2013. It gained international attention for successfully hitchhiking across Canada, Germany and the Netherlands, but in 2015 its attempt to hitchhike across the United States ended when it was stripped and decapitated in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
The robot's "hitchhiking" was reported by the press in many countries. From July 27, 2014 to August 21, 2014, it hitchhiked across Canada from the Institute for Applied Creativity at NSCAD University Halifax, Nova Scotia, to Victoria, British Columbia. At a First Nations powwow, it was given a name translating as "Iron Woman". The robot was so popular that its GPS had to be disabled sometimes to prevent crowds bothering those who took it into their homes.
hitchBOT's ordeal highlighted the issues of autonomous technology, the ethics of robot treatment, and the anthropomorphism of animate-like devices. The first hitchBOT is now a permanent exhibit at the Canada Science and Technology Museum.
Smith and Zeller recreated their invention as hitchBOT 2.0 in 2019. The robot was sent to Paris, France, where it is touring about and appearing in a play, Killing Robots, written by Linda Blanchet.
Heretaunga is a suburb of the city of Upper Hutt, located in the lower (southern) North Island of New Zealand. The settlement, one of the older suburbs in the Hutt Valley, dates from the 1840s when European settlers sought country  sections.[need quotation to verify] A prime example of a "leafy" suburb, Heretaunga includes quiet tree-lined streets. It is characterised by large houses, often  Edwardian or from the mid-20th century.
The suburb has numerous green spaces, most evident around the site of the Royal Wellington Wellington Golf Club and at Trentham Memorial Park. The Royal Wellington Golf Club has been based in Heretaunga since 20 November 1906 after acquiring 48.5 hectares of land from the Barton family (descendants of Richard Barton).
Heretaunga adjoins the suburb of Silverstream to its south-west, and the two are commonly thought of associated with each other. To the north-east lies Trentham. The Heretaunga Railway Station on the Hutt Valley Line serves the suburb.
Although some people objected to giving their religion, 37.6% had no religion, 51.1% were Christian, 2.2% were Hindu, 0.5% were Muslim, 0.6% were Buddhist and 2.3% had other religions.
Of those at least 15 years old, 525 (26.0%) people had a bachelor or higher degree, and 327 (16.2%) people had no formal qualifications. The median income was $34,200, compared with $31,800 nationally. The employment status of those at least 15 was that 966 (47.8%) people were employed full-time, 267 (13.2%) were part-time, and 75 (3.7%) were unemployed.
St Brendan's School is a co-educational state-integrated Catholic primary school for Year 1 to 8 students, with a roll of 259 as of March 2021.
The Provisional IRA Honey Trap killings occurred on 23 March 1973. Volunteers from the Provisional IRA's (IRA) Belfast Brigade shot dead three off-duty soldiers from the British Army who had been lured to a house by two females on the Antrim Road in Belfast, Northern Ireland. A fourth soldier survived the shooting.
About a week before the killings, two females met and befriended four British Army sergeants in a Belfast pub. The two women told the soldiers, who were stationed at British Army Headquarters at Thiepval Barracks in Lisburn, that they were having a party on 23 March and the six arranged to meet up.
Later that night, Loyalists shot dead a 28-year-old man outside his house in Durham Street, Belfast, from a passing car.
Marie-Alise Recasner (born May 25, 1962, Hollywood, California) is an American soap opera actress, best known as Alice Jackson on Santa Barbara from 1986 to 1987. She also had a recurring role as Millie on the sitcom A Different World. She portrayed the second Ellen Burgess on Port Charles from 1998 to 1999 and played Lynne Burke on Days of Our Lives from 1994 to 1998.
This article about an American television actor born in the 1960s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Louis Stanfill (born May 30, 1985 in Sacramento, California) is an American rugby union player who currently plays for San Diego Legion in Major League Rugby (MLR). He previously played for the United States national team. He plays a back row at flanker or No. 8, and can also play lock.
Stanfill began playing rugby in high school at Jesuit High School (Sacramento), where he led his school to a national semifinal appearance. Stanfill also played high school football, and was named Sacramento defensive player of the year in 2002.
Stanfill played his college rugby at Cal, where they won several national championships during his years there, and Stanfill was selected as an All-American.
Pilgrim's Pride Corporation is an American, multi-national food company, currently one of the largest chicken producers in the United States and Puerto Rico and the second-largest chicken producer in Mexico.  It exited bankruptcy in December 2009 and relocated its U.S. headquarters to Greeley, Colorado, in 2011. It is majority-owned by JBS S.A.. Pilgrim's Pride purchased Gold N'Plump for $350 million in late November 2016.
Pilgrim's Pride is a multi-national corporation, based in Brazil, and employs about 38,000 people with sales of $8.1 billion in 2012, and has operations in 12 states, Mexico and Puerto Rico.  They have the capacity to process about 36 million birds per week resulting in almost 9.5 billion pounds of live chicken annually.
Pilgrim's Pride is a supplier of Kentucky Fried Chicken and was named its "supplier of the year" in 1997. Other customers include Walmart, Publix, and Wendy's. By 2012, Pilgrim's was the exclusive rotisserie chicken supplier for Costco, supplying 50 million 3-pound marinated chickens, ready to be placed into a rotisserie.
On October 12, 2002, Pilgrim's Pride recalled 27.4 million pounds of sliced deli poultry after finding a strain of Listeria monocytogenes in the drain of one of their facilities. It was the largest food recall in the US at the time. The outbreak killed 7 people, sickened 46, and caused 3 miscarriages.   
In 2003, Pilgrim's Pride acquired Pierce Chicken (formerly of ConAgra Foods and Hester Industries). Pierce Chicken is best known for its brand-name Wing Dings, Wing Zings, and various other prepared food products.
In May 2004, Pilgrim's Pride experienced an outbreak of avian influenza in Hopkins County in northeast Texas; 24,000 breeder hens were destroyed to contain the outbreak. 
On December 4, 2006, Pilgrim's Pride announced the successful acquisition  of Gold Kist (formerly the third largest chicken company) for $21.00 a share.  Although there was initial resistance from Gold Kist, the board members of both companies voted unanimously to combine the two companies.
On December 17, 2007, Pilgrim's Pride's CEO, O.B. Goolsby Jr., died after suffering a stroke while on a hunting trip in South Texas with customers.
On April 16, 2008, after a yearlong investigation US Immigration and Customs Enforcement raided plants in Batesville, Arkansas; Live Oak, Florida; Chattanooga, Tennessee; Mount Pleasant, Texas; and Moorefield, West Virginia. Officials arrested 311 foreign national employees on suspicion of identity theft. Of these, 91 have been formally charged.
On May 27, 2014, the company announced a $6.4 billion cash and debt offer to acquire all the shares in Hillshire Brands. A rival bid from Tyson Foods followed two days later. On June 9, 2014, the company announced it was withdrawing its bid for Hillshire after Tyson Foods had increased its offer to $8.55 billion.
On September 23, 2020, Pilgrim's Pride announced the appointment of Fabio Sandri as CEO, replacing Jayson Penn. Penn went on leave in June following an indictment earlier this year on charges of price-fixing and bid-rigging. In February 2021 Pilgrim's pride agrees to pay a $107 million fine on charges of bid rigging and price fixing.
On September 17, 2009, JBS USA Holdings, Inc. announced the purchase of 64% of the shares of Pilgrim's Pride. JBS USA Holdings, Inc. is a subsidiary of Brazilian multinational JBS S.A., the largest meat processor in the world, and the largest by revenue. Currently JBS USA Holdings, Inc. owns 78.5% of the company.
As a result, Pilgrim's Pride closed its corporate offices in Texas and Georgia and moved its headquarters to Greeley, Colorado. This move caused the former headquarters in Pittsburg, Texas, and a location in nearby Mt. Pleasant, Texas, to cut employment by a total of 160 people. Other locations which lost jobs included sites in Atlanta, Dallas, and Broadway, Virginia.
As of 31 December 2016, Turkish population is 79,814,871 of which 23.7% are between 0-14, 68% are between 15-64 and 8.3% are older than 65 years old. Life expectancy at birth for men is 75.3 and for women is 80.7 years. Maternal mortality ratio has decreased from 23 to 16 per 100,000 live births between the years 2010 to 2015. According to the data from 2015, Under-five mortality and infant mortality rates per 1000 live births are 13.5 and 11.6.
Healthcare in Turkey is majorly provided by Ministry of Health and some private health institutions. In 2003 with the Health Transformation Programme, the social security system is converged and now called 'The General Health Insurance Scheme'.
According to the WHO data between the years 1990 to 2015, Maternal Mortality Ratio in Turkey has decreased from 57 to 16 in 10 years. In 2010, Turkey was nearly on par with some of the other OECD countries such as South Korea and Hungary and had a lower maternal mortality ratio than United States.
Turkey's U5MR in 2007 has reduced by 72% over 1990 levels, while in the world the total reduction was %26.9 between 1990 and 2007. In 2010, U5MR in Turkey was highest compared to other OECD countries.
NCDs already account for over 70 percent of all mortality in Turkey. Reported mortality from coronary heart disease (CHD) amongst Turkish women is the highest in Europe. Despite the public health programmes already in place, risk factor levels for NCDs are high in Turkey. Clinically significant hypertension exists in at least a third of the adult Turkish population.
WHO estimates that 42% of men are tobacco smokers. One in 5 adults is obese and just under a quarter of adults have hypertension.
Air pollution in Turkey is estimated to be a cause of 8% of deaths in 2019. Climate change in Turkey may impact health, for example due to increased heatwaves.
According to the recent 'WHO vaccine-preventable diseases: monitoring system' reported cases for Diphtheria were 0, Measles were 9, Rubella were 7, Mumps were 544 and Tetanus(total) were 16 cases in 2016.
In 2016 it was estimated that 13.2% of the population had diabetes and there is an increasing trend in the prevalence of diabetes.
"The disease is seen in 20-45 groups. It is estimated that approximately 2,000 people have been treated with this disease in Turkey. Marmara region where the most case report is made to the current. These are followed by Ankara, Izmir, Antalya, Mersin, Adana and Bursa respectively. Foreign nationals who make up about 16 percent of cases are from Ukraine, Moldova and Romania."
The Turkish Government has taken measures at the international airports, using thermal imaging cameras to check passengers coming from international destinations.
On 2 November, the Turkish Health Ministry began administering vaccines against H1N1 influenza, starting with health workers.
After a slow start, the virus spread rapidly in Turkey and the number of cases reached 12,316. First death confirmed on 24 October and death toll reached 627.
The municipality of Doren is located in the northwest of the Bregenz Forest. It lies about two-thirds on the south side of the Sulzbergstock, which belongs to the Molasse basin, and about one third on Sulzbergstock's north side.
Doren is a member of the German-Austrian community project Naturpark Nagelfluhkette. The surrounding landscape is characterized by forests, natural monuments, numerous waterways, bogs, and biotopes.
In 1823, the original church was built according to the plans of the District Office Bregenz. Its consecration took place in 1826, and in 1853 it was made the parish church.
Reconnection to Learning, better known as the Bundy Report, was a proposal to decentralize New York City schools in the late 1960s.
The movie involves a group of Nigerian prostitutes who are deported from Italy. When they return to Lagos, they resort to violent crime and exploitation to make money.
Further programs include AYS.  AYS program handles Pre-K (3-5) children in a structured early childhood development program.  AYS also provides before school and after-school care for half and full day kindergarten students.  AYS programs are provided at extra cost.
The Early Childhood Special Education Preschool is housed at Wyandotte School as part of the public school system. It is developed for children ages three to five with identified special needs.
The Wyandotte Youth Support Academy, which is funded by Lilly Endowment, offers elementary, middle school students, and parents an educational alternative to out-of-school suspension. W.Y.S.A. provides the students with education in character values, individualized instruction, and computer based education. W.Y.S.A. is designed to reduce the numbers of out-of-school suspensions, and to improve overall student achievement while addressing student disciplinary problems.
Arvid Wittenberg combined military skills with a hard and cruel treatment of enemies, which made him hated amongst the Poles.
In 1657, after Arvid Wittenberg had died in Polish custody, his son Leonard Johan Wittenberg (born 1646) was accommodated as a ward by Arvid's friend, Carl Gustaf Wrangel. In the summer of 1673, Leonard Johan married Wrangel's daughter Polidora Christiana. Arvid Wittenberg was also the father of Beata Magdalena Wittenberg.
He was Secretary General of the World Psychiatric Association from 1989 to 1995 and President of the World Psychiatric Association from 1999 to 2001.
This biographical article related to medicine in Spain is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
India came fourth overall in the medals table, behind Australia, England and Canada, repeating the feat at the 2006 Commonwealth Games. India was also the host nation for the 2010 Commonwealth Games, which was held at Delhi, India's Capital.
The Propagation of Christmas trees is the series of procedures carried out to grow new Christmas trees. 
Many different species of evergreen trees are used for Christmas trees. The most common of these species are classified in the four genera: pines, spruces, firs, and cypress. Christmas trees can be grown from seed or from root cuttings.
The selection of the correct seed for a specific environment and the proper preparation of the seeds prior to planting are necessary to ensure germination and survival of the seedling.
Unlike most garden seeds, conifer seeds require shade and cool conditions to germinate. This can be accomplished by placing a thick layer of mulch over the seeded tree bed and erecting a canopy over it to reduce direct sunlight. This simulates the conditions where the seeds would typically germinate naturally.
Some species of Christmas trees can only be propagated by root cuttings because they do not produce viable seeds because they are sterile inter-generic hybrids. These cuttings are taken from an existing tree, thus the new trees are clones of the original tree. The Blue Ice cypress, the Leyland cypress, and the Carolina Sapphire cypress are all tree species that must be propagated in this manner.
Elections were held in the Australian state of Queensland on 1 June 1963 to elect the 78 members of the state's Legislative Assembly.
The major parties contesting the election were the Country Party led by Premier Frank Nicklin, the Liberal Party led by Alan Munro, the Labor Party led by Jack Duggan and the Queensland Labor Party led by Paul Hilton. The Country and Liberal parties governed in coalition.
This election marked the return of preferential voting after first past the post voting had been used for elections from 1944 to 1960.
There are several road crossings and a railroad bridge crossing over Swale Brook. A number of industries also historically operated near the stream. The stream's watershed is designated as a Coldwater Fishery and a Migratory Fishery and the stream itself has a high level of fish diversity.
Swale Brook is not designated as an impaired waterbody. The Tunkhannock Area School District once applied for and/or received a permit to discharge stormwater into the stream during construction activities.
The surficial geology in the vicinity of the lower and middle reaches of Swale Brook consists of alluvium, Wisconsinan Outwash, Wisconsinan Ice-Contact Stratified Drift, and alluvial terrace. In the upper reaches, the surficial geology near the stream consists of a till known as Wisconsinan Till.
A pond known as Cruver Pond is located at the headwaters of Swale Brook. There are several road crossings along the stream's course. Additionally, the stream crosses a railroad bridge.
Swale Brook was entered into the Geographic Names Information System on August 2, 1979. Its identifier in the Geographic Names Information System is 1189122. The stream is also known as Quaker Swamp Brook. This variant name appears in Israel C. White's 1883 book The geology of the North Branch Susquehanna River Region in the six counties of Wyoming, Lackawanna, Luzerne, Columbia, Montour and Northumberland.
By the middle of the 19th century, a tannery had been built on Swale Brook. By 1888, a mill had been constructed on the stream in Tunkhannock. It produced wooden butter pails and tubs, shingles, and cider. In 1902, wood from a covered bridge damaged by flooding was processed at the mill.
A steam-powered electric plant operated in the vicinity of Swale Brook until 1903. Shortly before 1906, a canning factory on the stream closed; in that year the Pennsylvania Witch Hazel Company opened at the site. Swale Brook was impacted by flooding during Hurricane Agnes in 1972. It also experienced flooding in 2011. The Federal Emergency Management Agency once purchased some homes along the stream as part of a buyout program.
The drainage basin of Swale Brook is designated as a Coldwater Fishery and a Migratory Fishery. The stream has a very high level of fish diversity and has been described as "packed with fish diversity". At least ten fish species of fish have been observed in the stream, including eastern blacknose dace, common shiners, yellow bullheads, and the rare brook stickleback.
Knowlton was signed by the BC Lions on April 27, 2006. In his first year in (2006), he had 1 interception, 8 tackles and 14 special team tackles in 15 games. Knowlton helped BC win the 2006 Grey Cup. He spent 2 seasons with the Lions receiving additional playing time in his second season with the club.
This biographical article relating to a Canadian football defensive back is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Mohammed Abdalas (born 26 October 1986) is a retired Danish-Moroccan professional footballer who played as a midfielder. He is currently the manager of Fremad Amager U19.
This biographical article related to association football in Denmark, about a midfielder, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Bradford Northern were a motorcycle speedway team based at Odsal Stadium, in Odsal, Bradford, from 1970 to 1973.
In June 1970, halfway through the Division Two season, promoters Les Whaley, Mike Parker and Bill Bridgett moved the Nelson Admirals side across the Pennines to Bradford to resurrect speedway at Odsal as Bradford Northern. The team spent three years in the British League Division Two.
Bussey was born in 1757 on a farm in what is today Canton, Massachusetts, before it separated from Stoughton. He received only a basic education. After serving in the American Revolutionary War, Bussey moved to Dedham, Massachusetts. He married Judith Gay of Dedham in 1780.
Bussey owned land in what is now the Forest Hills area of Jamaica Plain. In 1800, he inherited additional land from fellow patriot Eleazer Weld and further enlarged his estate between 1806 and 1837 by acquiring and consolidating various farms that had been established as early as the seventeenth century. His estate was known as "Woodland Hill". Bussey wrote an autobiography. He died in 1842.
In 1806, at the age of 49, he retired as one of the richest men in New England to a life raising Merino sheep on a 300 acre farm in Roxbury. On his estate, which featured wallpaper views of Paris and French furniture, Bussey practiced scientific farming.
He left retirement at the age of 62 to return to Dedham where he purchased the Norfolk Cotton Manufacturing Company on Maverick Street along Mother Brook.  The War of 1812 had brought ruin to the company, and he purchased it in 1819 for a sum far below cost. Bussey used the wool from his sheep, producing a high caliber product that sold well.
Bussey also bought vast tracts of land in Maine, and had a number of other business interests, including a private bank.
Bussey ran for a seat in the Massachusetts Senate in 1807, but lost. He was successful running in 1808 as a Federalist for the Massachusetts House of Representatives in 1808 and 1809.
Bussey, according to the minister of the Canton church, was to "live of life gilded misery, give to Harvard College what must now amount to a million dollars, because he could not carry it with him; and to the Hollis Street Church a set of the Ten Commandments, because he could not keep them with him." Though he called his mills along Mother Brook to be his most "valuable and productive property]], he did not give any large sums of money to causes in Dedham.
The village is located in forest steppe, on Khopyorsko-Buzulukskaya Plain, on the bank of the Sukhodol River.
The London Borough of Hackney, one of the inner London boroughs, has 62 parks, gardens and open spaces within its boundaries, totalling 330 ha. These provide the "green lungs" for leisure activities. Hackney Marshes contain the largest concentration of football pitches in Europe.
In July 2008, seven Hackney parks won Green Flag awards for Clissold, Springfield, Haggerston and Shoreditch parks, together with London Fields, St John's churchyard and Hackney Downs. St John's was also awarded 'Heritage Green Status'. However, by contrast, Abney Park in Hackney was included in the Heritage at Risk Register in 2009 as one of Britain's historic parks and gardens at risk from neglect and decay.
Apart from smaller green areas such as sports grounds and smaller gardens, the following are the major open spaces in the Borough:
The River Lee forms the eastern boundary of the borough.  The towpath is suitable for walking and cyclists. It can be readily accessed from many places, and provides access to Hackney Marshes and the Lee Valley Park.
Pour de vrai (unofficial English translation: For real) is a comic strip in the series The spiffy adventures of McConey (Les formidables aventures de Lapinot in the original French language), by the popular French cartoonist Lewis Trondheim. It was first released in 1999 as volume 6 in the series.
This book is a satire of the media world. It mixes stark realism with other elements deeply rooted in fantasy, and scenes of comic relief.
Arius malabaricus is a species of sea catfish in the family Ariidae. It was described by Francis Day in 1877. It inhabits the marine and brackish waters of India, in the Indian Ocean.
He was born in Vologda, where his father had been exiled for supporting the radical politician, Szymon Konarski. In 1852, they returned home, to Vilnius, and he began his art studies; first with his father (who was an amateur painter), then with Kanuty Rusiecki.
In 1880, he married into a noble family and, as part of his dowry, became a landowner in the village of Lunna. Despite being relatively isolated, he continued to exhibit widely throughout Northern Europe and France. He died of lingering health issues from a severe case of pneumonia.
This biographical article relating to British athletics is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Drayton is mentioned in the Domesday Book as Draituna, meaning place where logs are dragged. However, the area seems to have been settled much earlier. In 1849, Roman pottery was unearthed in the village.
Between 1432 and 1459 the village was in the possession of Sir John Fastolf, a prominent soldier in the Hundred Years' War who gave his name to Shakespeare's character Sir John Falstaff. He built Drayton Lodge, a red brick 'plaisance', as a lookout overlooking the river Wensum and the main road into Norwich. Its ruins are still visible today.
On Falstolf's death in 1459, his properties passed into the hands of John Paston. His inheritance soon became the subject of bitter litigation from the Duke of Suffolk, who owned the neighbouring village of Costessey, leading to violent clashes between the two landowners (described in the Paston Letters).
A resident of the village, Harry Cator, received the Victoria Cross for his gallantry during the First World War.
A large new housing estate, Thorpe Marriott, was built partially within the parish of Drayton in the late 20th century.
There are two schools (First and Middle), a village hall, Longdale and King George V playing fields, the Bob Carter Sports and Community Centre and an insurance broker (Drayton Insurance). Drayton also has Low Road Potato Farm which serves the local community and businesses with potatoes and vegetables. R G Carter construction and farms' businesses are located here.
The parish church of St Margaret's  was built in the 13th century, but was substantially rebuilt in the 19th century, after the tower collapsed in 1850.
Part of Thorpe Marriott lies within the ward of Drayton North. Thorpe Marriott is a late 1980s early 1990s residential community covering parts of Drayton and Taverham parishes. It has its own shopping centre at Acres Way, including a fish shop, mini Tesco, the Otter public house and an estate agent.
Thorpe Marriott is served by Trinity Ecumenical Church (Methodist & Anglican) and by St Margaret's Drayton and St Edmund's Taverham, partner churches with local Methodists in the Trinity LEP (Local Ecumenical Partnership). St Margaret's, together with Drayton Methodist and Trinity Church  are members of 'Churches Together in Drayton, Taverham & Thorpe Marriott'.
Drayton was once served by its own Drayton railway station on the now closed Midland and Great Northern line into Norwich from the north. Today, the track bed forms part of the Marriott's Way, a long distance footpath.
Zorich made his Broadway debut in 1961 in Becket starring Sir Laurence Olivier and Anthony Quinn.  In 1969 he played a "venal Italian cardinal" in Hadrian VII where he was nominated for a Tony Award.
Zorich was on the faculty of HB Studio in New York City. He also edited the anthology What Have You Done: The Inside Stories of Auditioning from the Ridiculous to the Sublime.
Zorich played the Russian Constable in the movie version of Fiddler on the Roof (1971) and a cab dispatcher in the comedy For Pete's Sake (1974).
Zorich was married to Academy Award winning actress Olympia Dukakis for 56 years, from 1962 until his death. They had three children together. He died at his Manhattan apartment at the age of 93 on January 30, 2018.
Emmanuil was born in 1891 in the Georgian town of Tbilisi into the family of a Jewish timekeeper employed by a construction company. From 1910, Enchmen studied at the St. Petersburg Psycho-Neurological Institute, receiving a degree in biology in 1914. In 1913 he met Ivan Pavlov. Leon Orbeli recalled that Pavlov told him in 1920 that Enchmen "was my best friend from the year 1913".
When Pavlov requested to be allowed to emigrate in September 1920, Lenin sent Enchman to see Pavlov. Enchman sent a report to Mikhail Pokrovsky outlining the inadequacy of Pavlov's working circumstances. This was forwarded to Lenin who issued a decree on February 11, 1921, which provided Pavlov with the material aid he needed.
Enchmen rejoined the Red Army with the rank of Senior Politruk, after the USSR was invaded by Germany. However he was discharged in 1942 for health reasons. On January 16, 1943 he was given the position of a senior scientist at the Biological Section of the Academy of Sciences of the USSR, and on October 13, 1948 he was transferred to the Biophysical Section of the Pavlov Institute of Physiology.
Firstly Enchman makes a distinction between physical/material and psychological/conscious phenomena:
Constancio Bernardo (born December 22, 1913 Obando, Philippines) was a Filipino painter and professor. He is known for making the earliest modern geometric abstract paintings in the Philippines and in Southeast Asia.
The novella focuses on an alternate history of the world where the science and technology are based on the use of golems and, accordingly, the Kabbalistic names embedded in them. Biologists discover that the number of human generations is a constant value and that in about 100 years the human race will die out due to the lack of sperm in the last generation. An unexpected way out of the impasse has yet to be found.
This article about a science fiction short story (or stories) published in the 2000s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Clivina castanea is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Westwood in 1837.
Proposition 8 (or The Victims' Bill of Rights), a law enacted by California voters on 8 June 1982 by the initiative process, restricted the rights of convicts and those suspected of crimes and extended the rights of victims. To do so, it amended the California Constitution and ordinary statutes.
The rights of victims pervade the criminal justice system, encompassing not only the right to restitution from the wrongdoers for financial losses suffered as a result of criminal acts, but also the more basic expectation that persons who commit felonious acts causing injury to innocent victims will be appropriately detained in custody, tried by the courts, and sufficiently punished so that the public safety is protected and encouraged as a goal of highest importance.
The Victims' Bill of Rights made various changes to the California Penal Code and the Welfare and Institutions Code. Victims of crime were granted the right to be notified of, to attend, and to state their views at sentencing and parole hearings. Other provisions related to the defense of insanity and diminished capacity, harsher punishments for recidivists and the limitation of plea bargaining.
Norwegian Journal of Geology (Norwegian: Norsk Geologisk Tidsskrift) is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Norwegian Geological Society. The scope of the journal is the geology of Norway, the Arctic, and nearby seas. The journal adopted the Creative Commons Attribution License for published works since volume 94, issue 4 (2014).
The river is memorialised in a Charles Kickham poem, "She lived beside the Anner at the foot of Slievenamon".
Ghodbunder Fort is a fort located in Ghodbunder Village, Thane, Maharashtra, India, on the hill just south of the Ulhas River.  It was built by the Portuguese, occupied by the Maratha Empire, and became the East India Company's district headquarters.  The place was called Ghodbunder because it was where the Portuguese used to trade for ghode (horses) with the Arabs. Hence the name Ghodbunder: ghode (horses) & bunder (port).
In 1530 the Portuguese came to Thane, and they began fortifying the hill area about 1550, but completion of the fort in its current form was in 1730. The Portuguese name for the fort was Cacabe de Tanna.  It was under Portuguese rule until 1737. The Portuguese built a church in the fort that still stands, and is now used as a hotel.  Two angels engraved on the inside wall of the church still remains. The old church can be seen clearly in the background of the courtyard photo.
In 1818, the British occupied the fort and made it the headquarters of the district administration for the East Indian Company, with a district collector stationed in Thane.
Although the fort currently lies in ruins, the government of India has started its renovation. The fort itself is under the control of the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI).
Southsea (Welsh: Glanrafon) is a small formerly industrial village on the Gwenfro river in Broughton community, the county borough of Wrexham, Wales.
The village came into being at the site of the Broughton Hall Brickworks and Plas Power Colliery. Its Welsh language placename (meaning "the bank of the river", glan yr afon) derives from that of a farm. Its exotic-sounding English name, however, comes from the South Sea Inn which used to stand over the road from the brickworks, and in a room of which the brickworks pay was distributed.
The Wrexham historian Alfred Neobard Palmer noted that the name Southsea first appeared on the rate books as early as 1786, though also commenting that this was "an absurd name which should never have been adopted, especially as there was an appropriate name ready to hand".
Southsea's church, All Saints, was formerly its church hall. The previous church, built in 1921 after the original building became unsafe due to mining subsidence, itself became unsafe and was demolished in 1984.
State elections were held in South Australia on 3 March 1962. All 39 seats in the South Australian House of Assembly were up for election. The incumbent Liberal and Country League led by Premier of South Australia Thomas Playford IV defeated the Australian Labor Party led by Leader of the Opposition Frank Walsh.
This was the first and only time that a South Australian Government won a tenth consecutive term in office.
The Playford government, in power since 1938, went into the 1962 elections in a precarious position.  At the time the writs were issued, South Australia was dogged by a massive recession.  This led observers to think that Labor would finally have a chance at power.  Longtime opposition leader Mick O'Halloran had died suddenly in 1960, and Labor was led into the election by former deputy leader Frank Walsh.
The furore over the 1962 election illustrated how distorted the Playmander had become. By this time some two-thirds of the state's population resided in and around Adelaide, but they only elected one-third of the members of the legislature. In many cases, a rural vote was worth at least double a vote in Adelaide. In one of the more extreme cases, the rural seat of Frome had 4,500 formal votes in 1968, while at the same election the metropolitan seat of Enfield had 42,000 formal votes.
Klomdee represented Thailand at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. She competed at the 4x100 metres relay together with Sangwan Jaksunin, Jutamass Thavoncharoen and Nongnuch Sanrat. In their first round heat they placed fifth in a time of 44.38 seconds and was the eleventh time overall out of sixteen participating nations. With this result they failed to qualify for the final.
This biographical article relating to Thai athletics is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Levin and Zinn were two of the harshest critics of Silber's top-down "industrial" paradigm of university administration, in which Silber equated an institution of higher learning to a car factory. For their opposition, Silber had "merit" pay increases continually denied them.  (Piven eventually left B.U. for a position at City University of New York.)
By activating the M3 receptors of the parasympathetic nervous system, cevimeline stimulates secretion by the salivary glands, thereby alleviating dry mouth.
Known side effects include nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, excessive sweating, rash, headache, runny nose, cough, drowsiness, hot flashes, blurred vision, and difficulty sleeping.
The station was opened on 20 November 2004 along with other 4 stations of the monorail line (all but the southern terminus Timiryazevskaya which was opened 9 days later). It began operation in "excursion mode". Only two trains were operating at the line, the interval between trains was as long as 30 minutes and station hours were from 10:00 to 16:00. The passengers could only board the trains at Ulitsa Sergeya Eisensteina station.
On 10 January 2008 the line began regular operation serving passengers and allowing them board trains at any station of the line.
Following his father into the military, he became a cadet in 1822 in the Sagunto regiment, cornet in 1833 in the lancers of Sagunto, and passed into the carabiniers in 1829. When the Carlist agitation began in 1833, he transferred into the cuirassiers. He formed part of the escort that accompanied Don Carlos, the first pretender and brother of Ferdinand VII, to the frontier of Portugal.
In 1845, he was appointed as a senator, and in 1848 as captain-general of Granada. From 1846 to 1853, he was away from politics, living on his Andalusian estates or traveling abroad. 
Serrano assisted Marshal Leopoldo O'Donnell in the military movements of 1854 and 1856, and was his staunch follower for twelve years.
O'Donnell appointed Serrano as marshal in 1856 and captain-general of Cuba from 1859 to 1862. Serrano governed that island with success, and helped carry out the war in Santo Domingo. He was the first viceroy to advocate political and financial reforms in the colony.
On his return to Peninsular Spain, O'Donnell made him Duke of la Torre (Duque de la Torre), Grandee of Spain of the first class, and the 139th Minister of Foreign Affairs, serving from 18 January to 2 March 1863. Serrano risked his life in helping O'Donnell quell the insurrection of 22 June 1866 at Madrid. He was awarded with the Order of the Golden Fleece.
On landing he signed the manifesto of the revolution with Prim, Topete, Sagasta, Martos and others, and accepted the command of the revolutionary army. He routed the troops of Queen Isabella under the orders of the Marquess of Novaliches at the bridge of Alcolea. The queen fled to France, and Serrano, having entered Madrid, formed a Provisional Government.
In February 1869, he convoked the Cortes Constituyentes; he was appointed successively as president of the executive, Prime Minister of Spain, and Regent from 3 October 1868 to 18 June 1869. Serrano ruled impartially, respecting the independence of the Cortes and cabinets. He acceded to their selection of Amadeus I of Savoy as king, although he would have preferred Montpensier.
Serrano again took the title of president of the executive; he tried to form a coalition cabinet, but Cristino Martos and Sagasta soon quarrelled. His next cabinet was presided over by Sagasta. The military and political unrest continued, and at the end of December 1874, the Bourbons were restored by another pronunciamiento.
During the eleven months he remained in office, Serrano devoted his attention chiefly to the reorganization of finance, the renewal of relations with American and European powers, and the suppression of revolt. 
He died in Madrid on 25 November/26 November 1885, twenty-four hours after Alfonso XII, son of Isabella II, and purportedly, her husband and cousin Francis, although Alfonso's true biological paternity is uncertain.[n. 2]
Perianal hematoma is a hematoma located in, or on the border of the anus. It is sometimes inappropriately referred to as an external hemorrhoid.
The symptoms of a perianal hematoma can present over a short period of time. Pain, varying from mild to severe, will occur as the skin surrounding the rupture expands due to pressure. This pain will usually last even after the blood has clotted, and may continue for two to four days.[citation needed]
Perianal hematoma are caused by the rupture of a small vein that drains blood from the anus. This rupture may be the result of forceful or strained bowel movement, anal sex or caused by heavy lifting, coughing or straining. Once the rupture has formed, blood quickly pools within a few hours and, if left untreated, forms a clot.[citation needed]
Ghana Must Go is a 2016 Ghana-Nigerian romantic comedy film, directed by Frank Rajah Arase. It stars Yvonne Okoro, Blossom Chukwujekwu and Nkem Owoh. The film tells a story of two lovers of different countries on origin, and the challenges they faced especially from parents after disclosing their intention of getting married. This is the second film from Desamour Company, since Contract (2012 film) The film was screened privately at Filmhouse Cinemas, Surulere in May 2016.
Yvonne Chinyere Anoruo of Olisa tv praised the acting of the main characters in the film. However, she noted that the film incorrectly tried to place Ghana as more developed and enlightened than Nigeria. It concluded its review by saying the film was "very entertaining and enlightening even with its candid bites into history. So pause from worrying about the flailing economy and notorious power failure of the recent days and go calm your mind".
Andrew Oke of cinema review gave credit to the acting of the main character, but noted that the movie was poorly produced and managed. The movie in review was likened to a pot of soup that had all the necessary ingredients but came out poor because it was not done with the touch of an expert.
Chidumga Izuzu of Pulse Nigeria summarized her review by stating that the film "is a well-made movie with often very funny scenes".
 The Queen's Birthday Honours were announced on 19 June 2000 to celebrate the Queen's Official Birthday in The United Kingdom, Australia (12 June), New Zealand (13 June), Barbados, The Bahamas, Grenada, Papua New Guinea, Tuvalu, Saint Lucia, and Belize,
The recipients of honours are displayed or referred to as they were styled before their new honour and arranged first by country, honour and where appropriate by rank (Knight Grand Cross, Knight Commander etc.) then division (Military, Civil, Overseas or Police list).
Bangor Base is a census-designated place (CDP) in Kitsap County, Washington, within U.S. Naval Base Kitsap on the Kitsap Peninsula. Its population was 6,054 at the 2010 census.
At the 2000 census, there were 7,253 people, 1,282 households, and 1,275 families in the CDP. The population density is 657.1/mi2 (253.7/km2). There were 1,316 housing units at an average density of 46.0/km2 (119.2/mi2). The racial makeup of the CDP was 76.7% White, 8.1% African American, 1.3% Native American, 4.7% Asian, 0.8% Pacific Islander, 3.9% from other races, and 4.6% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 10.2% of the population.
Of the 1,282 households 79.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 93.4% were married couples living together, 4.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 0.5% were non-families. 0.4% of households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 3.55 and the average family size was 3.54.
The age distribution was 27.5% under the age of 18, 23.4% from 18 to 24, 47.1% from 25 to 44, 2.0% from 45 to 64, and 0.1% 65 or older. The median age was 25 years. For every 100 females, there were 198.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 263.1 males.
The median income for a household in the CDP was $32,246, and the median family income  was $32,105. Males had a median income of $28,856 versus $21,000 for females. The per capita income in the CDP was $16,383. About 8.5% of families and 9.8% of the population were below the poverty line, including 12.4% of those under the age of 18 and none ages 65 or older.
Search Engine Watch (SEW) provides news and information about search engines and search engine marketing.
Search Engine Watch was started by Danny Sullivan in 1996. In 1997, Sullivan sold it for an undisclosed amount to MecklerMedia (now WebMediaBrands). In 2005 the website and related Search Engine Strategies conference series were sold to Incisive Media for $43 million. On November 30, 2006, Danny Sullivan left Search Engine Watch, after his resignation announcement on August 29, 2006. Rebecca Lieb was named editor-in-chief the following month.
Google's Matt Cutts has called Search Engine Watch "a must read." Yahoo's Tim Mayer has said that it is the "most authoritative source on search."
AEZQ is a non-profit organization owned by the German Medical Association and the National Association of Statutory Health Insurance Physicians.
It established the German Program for evidence based medical guidelines in the late 90s. Based upon guideline standards from the Scottish Intercollegiate Guideline Network and referring to experiences from the National Guideline Clearinghouse in the US, the agency founded a German Guideline Clearinghouse aiming at best practice in guideline production.
The organization established the German Clearinghouse for Patient Information in order to promote scientifically based shared decision making in 1999.
In the field of patient safety AEZQ was one of the first German organisations calling for effective patient safety programs. The agency was co-founder of the German Coalition for Patient Safety. AEZQ established a national network of Critical Incident Reporting Systems. The institution is partner of the international High 5 Project.
In 2010 the agency set up a Digital Library for physicians and other interested health professionals and lays - the German Medical eLibrary (www.arztbibliothek.de) - for reinforcement of reliable and unbiased knowledge management in healthcare.
AEZQ entertained the administrative offices of the Guidelines International Network, and of the German Network for Evidence Based Medicine until 2013. It hosts the editorial office of the German Journal for Evidence and Quality in Healthcare ZEFQ.
Mimudea albiluna is a moth in the family Crambidae. It was described by George Hampson in 1913. It is found in Colombia.
Many notable works of fiction are set in London, the capital city of England, and the United Kingdom.
Pottery in the Indian subcontinent has an ancient history and is one of the most tangible and iconic elements of Indian art. Evidence of pottery has been found in the early settlements of Lahuradewa and later the Indus Valley Civilization. Today, it is a cultural art that is still practiced extensively in Indian subcontinent. Until recent times all Indian pottery has been earthenware, including terracotta.
Fabric analysis (paste or ceramic analysis) of pottery: is analysis of fabric of pottery (also called paste, clay body or putty) and decorations on the pottery.
Chronological dating, also called archaeological dating or archaeological chronology, which is of two types absolute dating (carbon, uranium -useful when organic carbon material has been washed away, magnetic dating, etc) and relative dating (commonly applied when absolute methods could not be applied, e.g. by comparing similar artifacts with artifacts of another culture which has been already dated). Some of the commonly used techniques are as follows:
Mesolithic, also called Middle Stone Age, is an intermediate cultural stage between the Paleolithic (Old Stone Age) which had chipped stone tools and Neolithic (New Stone Age) with polished stone tools. The Mesolithic hunter gatherers had better efficiency than Paleolithic with ability to more diverse range of animal and vegetable food sources.
Cord-Impressed style pottery belongs to 'Mesolithic' ceramic tradition that developed among Vindhya hunter-gatherers during the Mesolithic period. This ceramic style is also found in later Proto-Neolithic phase in nearby regions. This early type of pottery, found at the site of Lahuradewa, is currently the oldest known pottery tradition in South Asia, dating back to 7,000-6,000 BC.
Neolithic, also called New Stone Age, is "final stage of cultural evolution or technological development among prehistoric humans. It was characterized by stone tools shaped by polishing or grinding, dependence on domesticated plants or animals, settlement in permanent villages, and the appearance of such crafts as pottery and weaving."
Amri-Nal culture: Dated to 4th and 3rd millennia BC the dual typesites are Amri in Sindh and Nal in Balochistan in Pakistan.
Amri, also has non-Harappan phases during 6000 BC to 4000 BC, and later Harappan Phases till 1300 BCE.
Bhirran culture is likely the oldest pre-Harappan neolithic site dating back to 7570-6200 BCE. The pottery repertoire is very rich and the diagnostic wares of this period included Mud Applique Wares, Incised (Deep and Light), Tan/Chocolate Slipped Wares, Brown-on-Buff Wares, Bichrome Wares (Paintings on the exterior with black and white pigments), Black-on-Red Ware and plain red wares.
Kunal culture is in  Hisar district of Haryana in India,  has distinct  i.e. local pottery and house styles. Hoard, which is a pot containing gold-leaf, silver ornaments and beads of semi-precious stones indicate contact and trade with Harappan culture. Earliest phase is dated to 4000 BC, it is older than Early-Harappan site of Rehman Dheri which was dated to  3300 BC.
The earliest site of this culture is Kunal (4000 BCE) in Haryana which is older than Rehman Dheri (3300 BCE). The type site, the first excavated site of this type of culture is Kot Diji. Rehman Dheri, which was considered oldest example of this culture, is now the second oldest example of this culture after Kunal was excavated and found to be older than Rehman Dher with similar older cultural artifacts then the Rehman Dheri.
Sothi-Siswal is the site of a Pre-Indus Valley Civilisation settlement dating to as early as 4600 BCE. Sothi culture may be as early as 4600 BCE, while the earliest Siswal A layer is dated 3800-3200 BCE, and is equivalent to the Middle and Upper layers of Sothi. Sothi culture precedes Siswal culture considerably, and should be seen as the earlier tradition.
Indus Valley Civilization has an ancient tradition of pottery making. Though the origin of pottery in India can be traced back to the much earlier Mesolithic age, with coarse handmade pottery - bowls, jars, vessels - in various colors such as red, orange, brown, black and cream. During the Indus Valley Civilization, there is proof of pottery being constructed in two ways, handmade and wheel-made.
Damb-Sadat culture: Based on the pottery found here, it is classified as a separate archaeological culture / subculture of Indus Valley Civilization. 
The type site is Harappa. This phase has been found at numerous other sites, all of which have earlier much older indigenous cultural phases, example of those sites include Birrana, Rakhigarhi, Kunal,Siswal in Haryana in India; Sothi in Rajasthan in India; Mehrgarh and Amri in Pakistan.
Cemetery H culture in Punjab and Jhukar and Jhangar culture in Sindh flourished during this phase. Rangpur culture in Gujarat India was also contemporaneous with this phase of IVC, which had distinct cultural characteristics, and traded with IVC cultures.
Bara culture: Dated to  2000 BCE in doab between Yamuna and Sutlej rivers near Shivalik ranges of lower Himalayas, this cultures area corresponds to modern-day Punjab, Haryana and Western Uttar Pradesh in North India.
Jhukar Phase was a Late Bronze Age culture that existed in the lower Indus Valley, i.e. Sindh, during the 2nd millennium BC. Named after the archaeological type site Jhukar in Sindh, it was a regional form of the Late Harappan Culture, following the mature, urban phase of the civilization.
Jhukar phase was followed by the Jhangar Phase, which is a non-urban culture, characterised by "crude handmade pottery" and "campsites of a population which was nomadic and mainly pastoralist," and is dated to approximately the late second millennium BCE and early first millennium BCE. In Sindh, urban growth began again after approximately 500 BCE.
Together with the Gandhara grave culture and the Ochre Coloured Pottery culture, the Cemetery H culture is considered by some scholars as a factor in the formation of the Vedic civilization.
Wilhelm Rau (1972) has examined the references to pottery in Vedic texts like the Black Yajur Veda and the Taittiriya Samhita. According to his study, Vedic pottery is for example hand-made and unpainted. According to Kuzmina (1983), Vedic pottery that matches Willhelm's Rau description cannot be found in Asia Minor and Central Asia, though the pottery of Andronovo culture is similar in some respects.
The culture reached the Gangetic plain in the early 2nd millennium. Recently, the Archaeological Survey of India discovered copper axes and some pieces of pottery in its excavation at the Saharanpur district of Uttar Pradesh. The Ochre Coloured Pottery culture has the potential to be called a proper civilisation (e.g., the North Indian Ochre civilisation) like the Harrapan civilisation, but is termed only as a culture pending further discoveries.
The Red Polished Ware (RPW) is found in great quantities in Gujarat, especially in the Kathiawar region. Commonly, it consist of domestic forms like cooking pots, and it dates started from 300 BCE and lasted till 1000 CE.
But this type of ware also is widely distributed in other places in India. It is found at Baroda, Timberva (Surat), Vadnagar, Vala, Prabhas, Sutrapada, Bhandaria, and many other places. The use of this pottery continued for many centuries.
Red Polished Ware was first identified in 1953 by B. Subbarao. According to him, a "high degree of finish led to consider it as an imported ware or at least an imitation of the Roman Samian Ware".
But in 1966 S. R. Rao in his report on Amreli rejected this possibility of a Roman influence. He insisted on an indigenous origin as none of the forms shared the shapes of Roman prototype. He presented a broad variety of vessel types consisting of clay suitable to that definition. Instead he referred to a similarity of vessels of Black Ware with polished surface [Black Polished ware] from the same site noted in layers beyond the first occurrence of RPW.
According to Heidrun Schenk, the pottery defined as RPW consists of two very distinct functional groups. Thus, the subject needs more precise classification and dating.
The other group are the very specialized types of the 'sprinkler' and 'spouted' water jars, that often go together. This special group is widely found in the eastern region of the Indian Ocean, throughout the South Asian subcontinent and South East Asia with many different fabrics. This group represents a later development continuing well into the Middle Ages.
In particular, in Tissamaharama, in the Southern Province of Sri Lanka, a good stratigraphy is found.
Early Red Polished Ware is often associated with the  Northern Black Polished ware (NBP), and goes back to 3rd century BC.
Jorwe culture was a Chalcolithic archaeological culture which existed in large areas of what is now Maharashtra state in Western India, and also reached north into the Malwa region of Madhya Pradesh. It is named after the type site of Jorwe.  The early phase of the culture is dated to c. 1400-1000 BCE, while the late phase is dated to c. 1000-700 BCE.
The phase of glazed pottery started in the 13th century AD, when Turkic rulers encouraged potters from Persia, Central Asia and elsewhere to settle in present-day Northern India. Glazed pottery of Persian models with Indian designs, dating back to the Sultanate period, has been found in Gujarat and Maharashtra.
Over time India's simple style of molding clay went into an evolution. A number of distinct styles emerged from this simple style. Some of the most popular forms of pottery include unglazed pottery, glazed pottery, terracotta, and papier-mache.
Unglazed pottery, the oldest form of pottery practiced in India, is of three types. First is paper thin pottery, biscuit-colored pottery decorated with incised patterns. Next is the scraffito technique, the matka pot is polished and painted with red and white slips along with intricate patterns. The third is polished pottery, this type of pottery is strong and deeply incised, and has stylized patterns of arabesques.
Glazed pottery began in the 12th century AD. This type of pottery often has a white background and has blue and green patterns. Glazed pottery is only practiced in parts of the country.
The focal center of the district is the old town green, and the brick Victorian Gothic First Congregational Church.  The green is adjacent to a major local road junction, a small rotary where Elm, Pearl, Green, and Central Streets meet.  The district radiates along these streets, with additional properties on the adjacent sections of Woodland Avenue and Heywood Street, which abut on the common and the old cemetery.
King George Packet was launched in 1802 in Berwick-on-Tweed for the Old Shipping Company of Berwick. She sailed as a packet between Leith and London until 1825 when she became a Leith-based coaster. She then was unlisted for two years, reappearing in 1828 with new owners. She sailed between London and the Continent and was last listed in 1833.
Note: Pos = Position; G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Note: G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Note: G = Games pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; SV = Saves; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Rochdale is a seat represented in the House of Commons of the UK Parliament. It has elected one Member of Parliament (MP) since its 1832 creation.[n 1][n 2]
The constituency is represented by Tony Lloyd of the Labour Party. He was first elected MP for this seat in 2017; previously, he had been the MP for Stretford and then Manchester Central from 1983 until his resignation from Parliament in 2012.
As there were no township boundaries in 1832, the original constituency was defined as a circular area in a radius of three-quarters of a mile from the old market place. In 1868 the boundary was extended to include Wardleworth, Spotland, Wuerdle, Belfield, Newbold, Buersill, and Marland.
Rochdale was one of the constituencies created by the Reform Act of 1832, and has been a Labour/Liberal Democrat marginal for many years, although it was held by the Conservatives for part of the 1950s, until a 1958 by-election.
It was held for two decades by Cyril Smith, first of the Liberal Party and then of the Liberal Democrats. He won a by-election in 1972, taking the seat from Labour, and held it until his retirement in 1992. Since Smith's death it emerged Smith was a serial child abuser.
After Smith's retirement, contests have been tighter. The Liberal Democrats held the seat, with Liz Lynne at the 1992 general election, only to lose to Labour's Lorna Fitzsimons at the 1997 election. However, the Liberal Democrats regained the seat at the 2005 election, with Paul Rowen.
The constituency is one of two covering the Metropolitan Borough of Rochdale. It contains most of the town of Rochdale itself as well as Littleborough, Wardle and some of the surrounding rural area.
The Times Guide to the House of Commons 2010 reported that based on the notional 2005 result on the new boundaries the Labour vote had fallen by 4.5% and the Liberal Democrat vote had fallen by 6.1%, while the Conservative voteshare increased by 7.6%. 
A General Election was due to take place by the end of 1915. By the summer of 1914, the following candidates had been adopted to contest that election. Due to the outbreak of war, the election never took place.
Married to the Mob is a 1988 American crime comedy film directed by Jonathan Demme, and starring Michelle Pfeiffer, Matthew Modine, Dean Stockwell, Mercedes Ruehl, and Alec Baldwin. Pfeiffer plays Angela de Marco, a gangster's widow from Brooklyn, opposite Modine as the undercover FBI agent assigned the task of investigating her mafia connections. 
In addition, short cameo appearances include the film's director, Jonathan Demme, as a man getting off an elevator in Miami, and the film's music supervisor, Gary Goetzman, as the guy playing piano when the mobsters gather at the "King's Roost" restaurant.
Jonathan Demme's direction was praised for its idiosyncrasy. The New York Times called him "American cinema's king of amusing artifacts: blinding bric-a-brac, the junkiest of jewelry, costumes so frightening they take your breath away." The Washington Post wrote that Demme "has nailed one with this playful, but dangerous, gangster farce."
The acting performances were widely acclaimed, especially that of Michelle Pfeiffer in a star-making turn, "her best performance to date." Richard Corliss of Time wrote that Pfeiffer was the "emotional anchor to his [Demme's] vertiginous sight gags." Variety claimed the "enormous cast is a total delight, starting with Pfeiffer." The Washington Post called Pfeiffer a "deft comedian... It's her movie, and she graces it." Matthew Modine was "winning", according to Variety.
Giuliana P. Davidoff is an American mathematician specializing in number theory and expander graphs. She is the Robert L. Rooke Professor of Mathematics and the chair of mathematics and statistics at Mount Holyoke College.
Davidoff is a graduate of Rollins College. She completed her Ph.D. in 1984 at New York University, with Peter Sarnak as her doctoral advisor; her dissertation was Statistical Properties of Certain Exponential Sums.
Born and raised in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Diemer was working as an accountant at Fleer in 1926 when the company president sought to cut costs by making their own gum base. The company's founder, Frank Henry Fleer, had previously made a batch of bubble gum in 1906 which he called "Blibber Blubber", but it was too sticky and easily broke. Ultimately, the "Bubble Gum" used nowadays was eventually invented in 1906,[citation needed] in Wisconsin and has remained his greatest achievement.
Although an accountant by trade, Diemer liked to experiment with gum recipes in his spare time. In doing so, he accidentally stumbled upon a unique recipe. The gum was pink because it was the only food coloring in the factory, which is the reason most bubble gum today is pink.
Compared to standard chewing gum, the gum was less sticky, would not stick to the face, and yet stretched more easily. Diemer saw the possibilities, and using a salt water taffy wrapping machine, wrapped one hundred pieces of his creation to test market in a local mom-and-pop candy store. Priced at one penny a piece, the gum sold out in one day.
Fleer began marketing the new gum as "Dubble Bubble" and Diemer himself taught salesmen how to blow bubbles as a selling point for the gum, helping them to demonstrate how Dubble Bubble differed from all other chewing gums. Sold at the price of one cent a piece, sales of Dubble Bubble surpassed US$1.5 million in the first year. However, Diemer did not patent his invention and competition soon arose as bubble gum became a popular and inexpensive treat during the Great Depression.
Diemer died of congestive heart failure in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, on his 94th birthday. Saturday Night Live joked that his body was found stuck under a movie theatre seat.
The 1988 Big East Baseball Tournament was held at Muzzy Field in Bristol, Connecticut. This was the fourth Big East baseball tournament, and was won by the St. John's Redmen. As a result, St. John's earned the Big East Conference's automatic bid to the 1988 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament. This was the Redmen's third tournament championship in the first four.
The 1988 Big East baseball tournament was a 4 team double elimination tournament. The top two teams from each division, based on conference winning percentage only, earned berths in the tournament. Each division winner played the opposite division's runner up in the first round.
Mike Weinberg was the winner of the 1988 Jack Kaiser Award. Weinberg was an outfielder for St. John's.
This Nodaway County, Missouri state location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Kirknewton railway station is a railway station serving Kirknewton in West Lothian, Scotland, Opened as Kirknewton in February 1848, the station was renamed Midcalder and Kirknewton after two months, before becoming Midcalder in 1855. The full circle was finally completed 127 years later in May 1982 when the name reverted to Kirknewton. This was to distinguish it from Kirknewton station near Mindrum on the NER Cornhill Branch.
The station lies on the Edinburgh branch of the West Coast Main Line, although it is not served by main line express services - it is served by commuter services on the Shotts Line from Glasgow Central to Edinburgh Waverley via Shotts. It is managed by Abellio ScotRail.
There is a limited service to/from North Berwick each day (except Sundays) and to Ayr via Carstairs, Glasgow Central and Kilwinning.  This is operated by a Class 380 EMU.
As this station is on the Edinburgh branch of the  West Coast Main Line; a variety of Avanti West Coast, CrossCountry, London North Eastern Railway and TransPennine Express trains pass through without stopping.
Time Will Reveal is the fourth studio album by the American West Coast hip hop group Above the Law. Released in 1996 by Tommy Boy Records, it was the group's first record after leaving Ruthless Records following the death of member Eazy-E. The group's former labelmates Kokane and MC Ren made guest appearances on the record, along with Enuff, Daddy Cool and Kid Frost. Time Will Reveal peaked at number 16 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and number 80 on the Billboard 200.
Vijay Kumar (born Vijay Kumar Makol) is a British-Indian author, film director and actor. In 2018 he published an autobiography chronicling his friendship with Dev Anand titled Dev Saab: A Journey with the Legend Dev Anand.
Having started in his early days as an actor in theatre productions, Vijay appeared in a number of feature films in Bollywood, such as: Gangster, Main Solah Baras Ki, Master, King of Bollywood and Love U Mr Kalakaar.
Vijay Kumar was born in New Delhi, India in 1958. His birth name Vijay Makol, was changed to Vijay Kumar for his acting career. He debuted in the hit TV series Dekh Bhai Dekh. Vijay moved to Liverpool, UK at the age of 16 with his family and attended Cowley International College. Vijay returned to Mumbai, India in his early 20's with the ambition of breaking into Bollywood.
Vijay published his first book, Dev Saab, A Journey with the legend Dev Anand in 2018, recounting his friendship and many adventures with Indian film industry legend, Dev Anand. Vijay launched the book for the U.K. territory alongside his wife Geeta on BBC Asian Network. The book was launched in Mumbai, India, by Suneil Anand, Dev Anand's son. Vijay is currently working on his second book, When Rhea Meets Jessica, which is expected to be released in 2020-21.
Vijay Kumar's family consists of wife Geeta, son Karan, daughter Zinnia Kumar (model, actor and scientist) & son Rohit.
He was the Vice-President of Clearcom Global Communications Private Limited until 12 October 2013 and is a lifelong member of British Actors Equity Association. In 2018, Vijay oversaw the opening of the Dev Anand wing of the Seksaria hospital in Mumbai, India.
Absolution is a novel by Olaf Olafsson about the mind of a man haunted by the crime he planned half a century earlier.
See guidelines for writing about novels. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.
He and CCNV pushed and prodded the District of Columbia, the local churches and temples and mosques, as well as the federal government to open space at night for homeless people, and worked to staff the space that was made available. Through demonstrations, public funerals for people who had frozen to death on DC streets, breaking into public buildings, and fasting, CCNV forced the creation of shelters in Washington and made homelessness a national and international issue.
Angered that Holy Trinity Parish in Georgetown planned an expensive renovation of that historic church, and maintaining that the money involved should be given instead to the poor, Snyder stood in the middle of the congregation throughout the Sunday Mass for many weeks as a protest, while other congregants knelt or sat during the service as was customary.
In 1989, Snyder gave a presentation at the American Library Association conference which was published in the journal, Public Libraries.
A collection of primary source material related to Mitch Snyder is currently under the care of the Special Collections Research Center at The George Washington University.  The materials include diaries, correspondence, legal documents, articles, photographs, and family papers.
Carib Lumber Ball Park (also known as Charles Vlaun Cricket Field) is a cricket ground located in Philipsburg, Sint Maarten. It is the principal cricket ground in Sint Marteen and has hosted both first-class and List A cricket in West Indian domestic cricket.
In April 2014, the scoreboard at the ground was seriously damaged by fire, leading to its demolition. It was speculated that the fire was a deliberate act of arson.
The station consists of one ground-level side platform serving single bi-directional track. There is no station building, but only a shelter on the platform. The station is unattended.
This Fukui Prefecture railroad station-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Cameron Blues (born 13 April 1998) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays for Greenock Morton, as a midfielder.
Blues has played for Falkirk, Edinburgh City, Livingston, Brechin City, Berwick Rangers and Greenock Morton.
Blues began his career with Falkirk, spending time on loan at Edinburgh City before signing for Livingston on a two-year contract in June 2018. He moved on loan to Brechin City in September 2018, to Berwick Rangers in February 2019, and to Greenock Morton in July 2019. After making five appearances for the club in all competitions, the deal was made permanent on 6 September 2019, with Blues signing a contract until the end of the season.
Blues scored his first-ever goal for the club as they defeated Queens Park in the Scottish League Cup group stage on 13 October 2020.
This biographical article related to association football in Scotland, about a midfielder born in the 1990s, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Raw Power is a weekly heavy metal/rock music television programme, with connections to Raw magazine, and produced by Music Box Ltd, which aired in Britain on ITV from 1990 until 1993. The name was eventually changed to Noisy Mothers which aired Nationwide in 1994 and 1995 and the format of the show changed. The show was axed in late 1995, to make way for an overhaul of scheduling.
Before the advent of rock-focussed satellite television stations such as MTV2 and Kerrang, heavy metal & rock music in general got very little airplay on British National Network television. Featuring live performances, music videos, interviews and competitions (all with a heavy metal theme) the show aired in the early hours of Saturday mornings (sometime between Midnight and 3:00am), and sought to redress the balance.
Before Raw magazine got involved, the show was known as The Power Hour, originally presented by Dante Bonutto and Amanda Redington, and later by Alison Craig, Jacky Lynn and Nikki Groocock. It used to be shown from 1985 to 1990 on cable and satellite music channel Music Box, which stopped being a channel on its own to become producer of music shows for major British broadcasters including ITV.
The theme tune of Raw Power was an edited version of the guitar solo from "Love in an Elevator" by Aerosmith. The show was filmed at The Marquee in London and on various locations across the country, in Europe and the USA. Megadeth and Pantera were also used as theme tunes on Raw Power and Noisy Mothers.
Christophe Miossec is a French singer and songwriter born in Brest, Brittany, France on December 24, 1964.
Christophe Miossec was not new to the world of music when he met his first great success. Between 14 and 17, he was in a teenage band, Printemps Noir ("Black Spring"), touring around Brest.
In 1993, he had a critical meeting with guitarist Guillaume Jouan, which led the two to start working on an album. A year later, they were joined by the guitarist Bruno Leroux.
In 2011, the eighth album was released.  It is entitled Chansons ordinaires (English: Ordinary Songs), a reference to French writer Georges Perros and his novel-poem Une Vie ordinaire (English: An Ordinary Life).
Wheat is an important source of carbohydrates. Globally, it is the leading source of vegetable protein in human food, having a protein content of about 13%, which is relatively high compared to other major cereals but relatively low in protein quality for supplying essential amino acids. When eaten as the whole grain, wheat is a source of multiple nutrients and dietary fiber.
From Asia, wheat continued to spread across Europe and to the Americas in the Columbian exchange. In the British Isles, wheat straw (thatch) was used for roofing in the Bronze Age, and was in common use until the late 19th century.
Technological advances in soil preparation and seed placement at planting time, use of crop rotation and fertilizers to improve plant growth, and advances in harvesting methods have all combined to promote wheat as a viable crop. When the use of seed drills replaced broadcasting sowing of seed in the 18th century, another great increase in productivity occurred.
A combine harvester threshes the wheat, crushes the chaff, then blows chaff across the field. The combine loads the threshed wheat onto a truck or trailer while moving
Wheat has also been the subject of mutation breeding, with the use of gamma, x-rays, ultraviolet light, and sometimes harsh chemicals. The varieties of wheat created through these methods are in the hundreds (going as far back as 1960), more of them being created in higher populated countries such as China. Bread wheat with high grain iron and zinc content has been developed through gamma radiation breeding, and through conventional selection breeding.
International wheat breeding is led by CIMMYT in Mexico. ICARDA is another major public sector international wheat breeder, but it was forced to relocate from Syria in the Syrian Civil War.
T. turgidum subsp. polonicum is known for its longer glumes and grains, has been bred into main wheat lines for its grain size effect, and likely has contributed these traits to T. petropavlovskyi and the Portuguese landrace group "Arrancada".
As with many plants, MADS-box influences flower development, and more specifically, as with other agricultural Poaceae, heavily influences the total weight output at the end of the entire grain growing process. Despite that importance, as of 2021[update] little research has been done into MADS-box and other such spikelet and flower genetics in wheat specifically.
Because wheat self-pollinates, creating hybrid seed is extremely labor-intensive; the high cost of hybrid wheat seed relative to its moderate benefits have kept farmers from adopting them widely despite nearly 90 years of effort.
Synthetic hexaploids made by crossing the wild goatgrass wheat ancestor Aegilops tauschii, and various other Aegilops, and various durum wheats are now being deployed, and these increase the genetic diversity of cultivated wheats.
In ancient times, wheat was often considered a luxury grain because it had lower yield but better taste and digestibility than competitors like rye. In the 19th century, efforts were made to hybridize the two to get a crop with the best traits of both. This produced triticale, a grain with high potential, but fraught with problems relating to fertility and germination. These have mostly been solved, so that in the 20th century millions of acres of triticale are being grown worldwide.
Stomata (or leaf pores) are involved in both uptake of carbon dioxide gas from the atmosphere and water vapor losses from the leaf due to water transpiration. Basic physiological investigation of these gas exchange processes has yielded valuable carbon isotope based methods that are used for breeding wheat varieties with improved water-use efficiency. These varieties can improve crop productivity in rain-fed dry-land wheat farms.
For decades the primary genetic modification technique has been non-homologous end joining (NHEJ). However since its introduction, the CRISPR/Cas9 tool has been extensively adopted, for example:
As of 2021[update] these examples illustrate the rapid deployment and results that CRISPR/Cas9 has shown in wheat disease resistance improvement.
There are around 20 wheat varieties of 7 species grown throughout the world. In Canada different varieties are blended prior to sale. "Identity preserved" wheat that has been stored and transported separately (at extra cost) usually fetches a higher price.
Apart from mutant versions of genes selected in antiquity during domestication, there has been more recent deliberate selection of alleles that affect growth characteristics. Some wheat species are diploid, with two sets of chromosomes, but many are stable polyploids, with four sets of chromosomes (tetraploid) or six (hexaploid).
Hexaploid wheats evolved in farmers' fields. Either domesticated emmer or durum wheat hybridized with yet another wild diploid grass (Aegilops tauschii) to make the hexaploid wheats, spelt wheat and bread wheat. These have three sets of paired chromosomes, three times as many as in diploid wheat.
 The four wild species of wheat, along with the domesticated varieties einkorn, emmer and spelt, have hulls. This more primitive morphology (in evolutionary terms) consists of toughened glumes that tightly enclose the grains, and (in domesticated wheats) a semi-brittle rachis that breaks easily on threshing.
The result is that when threshed, the wheat ear breaks up into spikelets. To obtain the grain, further processing, such as milling or pounding, is needed to remove the hulls or husks. Hulled wheats are often stored as spikelets because the toughened glumes give good protection against pests of stored grain.
In free-threshing (or naked) forms, such as durum wheat and common wheat, the glumes are fragile and the rachis tough. On threshing, the chaff breaks up, releasing the grains.[citation needed]
There are many botanical classification systems used for wheat species, discussed in a separate article on wheat taxonomy. The name of a wheat species from one information source may not be the name of a wheat species in another.
The named classes of wheat in English are more or less the same in Canada as in the US, as broadly the same commercial cash crop strains can be found in both.
Red wheats may need bleaching; therefore, white wheats usually command higher prices than red wheats on the commodities market.
Raw wheat can be ground into flour or, using hard durum wheat only, can be ground into semolina; germinated and dried creating malt; crushed or cut into cracked wheat; parboiled (or steamed), dried, crushed and de-branned into bulgur also known as groats. If the raw wheat is broken into parts at the mill, as is usually done, the outer husk or bran can be used in several ways.
Wheat is a major ingredient in such foods as bread, porridge, crackers, biscuits, muesli, pancakes, pasta and noodles, pies, pastries, pizza, semolina, cakes, cookies, muffins, rolls, doughnuts, gravy, beer, vodka, boza (a fermented beverage), and breakfast cereals.
In manufacturing wheat products, gluten is valuable to impart viscoelastic functional qualities in dough, enabling the preparation of diverse processed foods such as breads, noodles, and pasta that facilitate wheat consumption.
The most common forms of wheat are white and red wheat. However, other natural forms of wheat exist. Other commercially minor but nutritionally promising species of naturally evolved wheat species include black, yellow and blue wheat.
While coeliac disease is caused by a reaction to wheat proteins, it is not the same as a wheat allergy. Other diseases triggered by eating wheat are non-coeliac gluten sensitivity (estimated to affect 0.5% to 13% of the general population), gluten ataxia, and dermatitis herpetiformis.
It has been speculated that FODMAPs present in wheat (mainly fructans) are the cause of non-coeliac gluten sensitivity. As of 2019, reviews have concluded that FODMAPs only explain certain gastrointestinal symptoms, such as bloating, but not the extra-digestive symptoms that people with non-coeliac gluten sensitivity may develop, such as neurological disorders, fibromyalgia, psychological disturbances, and dermatitis.
The following table shows the nutrient content of wheat and other major staple foods in a raw form on a dry weight basis to account for their different water contents.
Raw forms of these staples, however, are not edible and cannot be digested. These must be sprouted, or prepared and cooked as appropriate for human consumption. In sprouted or cooked form, the relative nutritional and anti-nutritional contents of each of these staples is remarkably different from that of the raw form, as reported in this table.
In cooked form, the nutrition value for each staple depends on the cooking method (for example: baking, boiling, steaming, frying, etc.).
A  raw yellow dent corn B  raw unenriched long-grain white rice C  raw hard red winter wheat D  raw potato with flesh and skin E  raw cassava F  raw green soybeans G  raw sweet potato H  raw sorghum Y  raw yam Z  raw plantains /*  unofficial
Harvested wheat grain that enters trade is classified according to grain properties for the purposes of the commodity markets. Wheat buyers use these to decide which wheat to buy, as each class has special uses, and producers use them to decide which classes of wheat will be most profitable to cultivate.
Better seed storage and germination ability (and hence a smaller requirement to retain harvested crop for next year's seed) is another 20th-century technological innovation. In Medieval England, farmers saved one-quarter of their wheat harvest as seed for the next crop, leaving only three-quarters for food and feed consumption. By 1999, the global average seed use of wheat was about 6% of output.
Several factors are currently slowing the rate of global expansion of wheat production: population growth rates are falling while wheat yields continue to rise. There is evidence, however, that rising temperatures associated with climate change are reducing wheat yield in several locations. In addition, the better economic profitability of other crops such as soybeans and maize, linked with investment in modern genetic technologies, has promoted shifts to other crops.
In the rapidly developing countries of Asia and Africa, westernization of diets associated with increasing prosperity is leading to growth in per capita demand for wheat at the expense of the other food staples.
The average annual world farm yield for wheat in 2014 was 3.3 tonnes per hectare (330 grams per square meter). Ireland wheat farms were the most productive in 2014, with a nationwide average of 10.0 tonnes per hectare, followed by the Netherlands (9.2), and Germany, New Zealand and the United Kingdom (each with 8.6).
Wheat futures are traded on the Chicago Board of Trade, Kansas City Board of Trade, and Minneapolis Grain Exchange, and have delivery dates in March (H), May (K), July (N), September (U), and December (Z).
Peak wheat is the concept that agricultural production, due to its high use of water and energy inputs, is subject to the same profile as oil and other fossil fuel production.  The central tenet is that a point is reached, the "peak", beyond which agricultural production plateaus and does not grow any further,  and may even go into permanent decline.
Several systems exist to identify crop stages, with the Feekes and Zadoks scales being the most widely used. Each scale is a standard system which describes successive stages reached by the crop during the agricultural season.
This article incorporates material from the Citizendium article "Wheat", which is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License but not under the GFDL.
Southampton City Primary Care Trust was the NHS primary care trust (PCT) covering the city of Southampton in England.  Established in April 2001, Southampton City was the very first PCT in the country.
Interbrasil STAR S/A was a Brazilian airline founded in 1994 as a feeder airline to Transbrasil. It ceased activities along with its parent company in 2001.
On December 4, 2001, following the collapse of its parent company, Interbrasil STAR ceased operations.
This article about a radio station in North Carolina is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
During the 1995 season, Hopson helped the University of Florida Gators to a Southeastern Conference (SEC) championship and an appearance in the 1995 College Football National Championship held at the Fiesta Bowl.
Hopson coached the Marshall defensive backfield and helped lead them to the NCAA FCS National Championship in 1996 and four-straight Mid-American Conference championships from 1997-2000. In 1999, his unit led the nation in interceptions and finished second in the nation in scoring defense. In 1997 and 1998, the Marshall secondary finished in the top-15 nationally in pass defense and the top-25 nationally in scoring defense, respectively.
Hopson originally joined the Golden Eagles in 2001 as the Defensive Backs Coach and enjoyed success until his departure in 2003. His secondary led the country with the fewest passing touchdowns allowed and ranked fourth in the nation in pass efficiency defense in 2002. In 2003, they finished first in the C-USA and fifth in the NCAA in pass defense. In all three seasons, Southern Miss ranked in the top-15 nationally in scoring defense.
Hopson spent the 2004 season at his alma mater, the University of Mississippi, as Defensive Backs Coach. With Hopson in the fold, the Ole Miss pass defense improved from 109th nationally in 2003 to 49th during the 2004 campaign.
In his final three years at Alcorn, Hopson's Braves won 28 contests, eclipsing the previous three-season high of 23. Additionally, the four-year win total of 32 made the 2015 senior class at Alcorn the winningest in school history.
Amidst multiple years of team success, Hopson also collected personal accolades while with the Braves. In 2013, he was named a finalist for the Eddie Robinson Award as the FCS Coach of the Year before being named the BOXTOROW National Coach of the Year in 2014. What began in 2012 with upset wins over defending SWAC champion Grambling State University and an undefeated Alabama A&M University culminated in an era of success and championships not seen before in Alcorn State University history.
Off the field, Hopson set out to overhaul the recruiting and facilities when he arrived at Southern Miss. Over the four-year period, his recruiting classes were consistently ranked at or near the top of the conference. Hopson also fundraised enough money to renovate the locker room, team meeting room, weight room and coaches room and transform them into a state-of-the-art complex.
As a player at Ole Miss, Hopson earned four letters and received the 1991 John Howard Vaught Award of Excellence. A CoSIDA Academic All-American, Hopson graduated from Ole Miss with a bachelor's degree in business administration.
While serving as a defensive backs coach with Delta State University, Hopson earned a master's of health in physical education and recreation.
Steven Isserlis CBE (born 19 December 1958) is a British cellist. He is distinguished for his diverse repertoire, distinctive sound deployed with his use of gut strings and command of phrasing.
He went to the City of London School, which he left at the age of 14 to move to Scotland to study under the tutelage of Jane Cowan. From 1976 to 1978 Isserlis studied at the Oberlin Conservatory of Music with Richard Kapuscinski. Ever since his youth Daniil Shafran has been his cello hero, of whom Isserlis has described how "His vibrato, his phrasing, his rhythm all belonged to a unique whole... He was incapable of playing one note insincerely; his music spoke from the soul."
He was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in 1998, and collected his award with his father, as his mother had died earlier that week. He was awarded the 2000 Robert Schumann Prize of the City of Zwickau.
 Isobel Lucia Freud (born 17 April 1961), better known as Bella Freud, is a London-based fashion designer.
Freud was born in London, England. She is the daughter of Bernardine Coverley and artist Lucian Freud, and the great-granddaughter of the inventor of psychoanalysis, Sigmund Freud. Her maternal grandparents were practising Roman Catholics of Irish descent, but her mother was no longer observant, while her father's family were Jewish atheists. She identifies as Jewish.
Her only full sibling is her sister, writer Esther Freud, who wrote the memoir of their hippie childhood in Morocco, Hideous Kinky.
Freud was married to journalist James Fox in 2001. They have a son, James "Jimmy" Lux Fox. The couple had separated in 2017.
Nizhny Byk is located 24 km northeast of Vorobyovka (the district's administrative centre) by road. Mirny is the nearest rural locality.
Newstalk (formerly NewsTalk 106) is a national independent radio station in Ireland. It is operated by News 106 Limited, a subsidiary of Bauer Media Audio Ireland, and broadcasts under a sound broadcasting contract with the Broadcasting Authority of Ireland.
Newstalk is Ireland's only commercial all-talk station, broadcasting opinion, analysis, entertainment and sport.
The rugby pundit, George Hook who presented the daily drive time show Right Hook, retired in 2014, he returned to present High Noon. He was suspended in September 2017 following comments he made on rape.
Newstalk is primarily known as being a radio station; however, it is also the provider of the only national radio newswire in Ireland. Newstalk provides 'rip and read' copy and audio 24/7, and also provides a live stream of audio news reading every hour. The latter is used mostly by local radio stations after 7 p.m. across Ireland.
Through the years, distinguished figures in American psychiatry have served as directors of the Psychiatric Institute, including Drs. Ira Van Gieson, Adolph Meyer, August Hoch, Lawrence Kolb, Edward Sachar and Herbert Pardes.[citation needed] The current director is Dr. Jeffrey Lieberman.
The institute has two buildings: the Herbert Pardes Building at 1051 Riverside Drive was built in 1998 and was designed by Peter Pran and Timothy Johnson of Ellerbe Becket. It is connected by walkway bridges to the high-rise Lawrence G. Kolb Research Laboratory at 50 Haven Avenue at West 168th Street, built in 1983 and designed by Herbert W. Reimer. Their original building at 722 West 168th Street became the Mailman's School of Public Health in 1999.
The DAF-4 gene encodes for the only type II receptor of TGF-beta signaling pathway in the worm Caenorhabditis elegans, with the ligands Daf-7 or Dbl-1. When binds to the ligand Daf-7, Daf-4 complexed with the type I receptor Daf-1, and activated the Smad Protein Daf-8/14. By contrast, when binds to Dbl-1, Daf-4 complexed with the Sma-6 type I receptor, and activated the Sma-2/3/4.
Agyneta falcata is a species of sheet weaver spider found in China. It was described by Shu-Qiang Li and Chuan-Dian Zhu in 1995.
Kaisersesch is a Verbandsgemeinde ("collective municipality") in the district Cochem-Zell, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. The seat of the Verbandsgemeinde is in Kaisersesch. On 1 July 2014 it was expanded with 8 municipalities from the former Verbandsgemeinde Treis-Karden.
Georges Gault was a tennis player competing for France. He finished runner-up to Max Decugis in the singles final of the Amateur French Championships in 1913.
This biographical article relating to French tennis is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Century Building, designed by Raeder, Coffin, and Crocker and completed in 1896, was a 10-story Classical Revival historic building in downtown St. Louis, Missouri that was used for offices, retail, and a 1600-seat theatre.  It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on October 16, 2002.
St. Louis' preservationists' next line of defense was the National Trust for Historic Preservation (NTHP). Contacted in 2001, NTHP was initially supportive of preservation efforts for the building. Midwest Trust Director Royce Yeater recommended that an alternative site be chosen for the proposed parking deck, noting that there were "10 underused parking facilities in the 10 blocks surrounding the OPO."
In 2004, the NTHP changed its stance concerning the project. The NTHP would now provide $6.9 million in gap financing in the form of tax credits for the OPO renovations and parking deck. NTHP  refused to stop the demolition of the Century Building, and was now supporting the very project that preservationists were desperately trying to stop.
Preservationists around the country signed an on-line petition in a concerted effort to save the Century Building. Richard Moe, president of the NTHP, defended his organization's actions by stating that the demolition of the Century Building was key to revitalizing the area around the OPO.
The Landmarks Association filed a final lawsuit on October 19, 2004 requesting a temporary restraining order to halt demolition. Their request was ultimately denied, and demolition of the building commenced shortly thereafter.
Beams and parts of its facade were recovered by the National Building Arts Center.  They're currently stored at the foundation's Sauget foundry.
Widgiewa was a station on the Tocumwal railway line.  The station opened on 16 September 1884 and closed on 4 May 1975.
Alejo Noe Gelatini (born 7 August 1983) is an Argentine footballer who plays as a midfielder. He is currently a free agent.
Self-concealment is a psychological construct defined as "a predisposition to actively conceal from others personal information that one perceives as distressing or negative". Its opposite is self-disclosure.
The concealed personal information (thoughts, feelings, actions, or events) is highly intimate, negative in valence and has three characteristics: it is a subset of private information, can be consciously accessed, and is actively concealed from others. Self-concealment significantly contributes to negative psychological health.
Secrets and secret keeping have been a longstanding interest of psychologists and psychotherapists. Jourard's work on self-disclosure and Pennebaker's research on the health benefits of disclosing traumatic events and secrets set the stage for the conceptualization and measurement of self-concealment.
Individuals with increased inferiority feelings have a higher tendency toward self-concealment, which in turn results in an increase in loneliness and a decrease in happiness.
Theoretical models offered to explain the consistent finding of negative health effects for self-concealment include:
Kelly offers a comprehensive review of several explanatory models and the evidence supporting each of them, concluding that a genetic component shared by high self-concealers might make them both more prone to self-conceal and more vulnerable to physical and psychological problems.
Research studies have focused on the relation of self-concealment to attachment orientations, help seeking and attitudes toward counseling, desire for greater (physical) interpersonal distance, stigma, distress disclosure, lying behavior and authenticity, and psychotherapy process.
Research also focuses on self-concealment in specific populations: LGBT, multicultural, and adolescents, families, and romantic partners.
Minority groups employ self-concealment to manage perceived stigma. For example, LGBT people (lesbian, gay, bisexual, trans) people, who are stigmatized (see coming out) for the characteristics inherent to their sexual identities or gender identity, employ self-concealment as a result.
Self-concealment is observed in African, Asian and Latin American international college students. For African Americans in particular their self-concealment correlates with the degree of their Africentric cultural values. Arab and Middle Eastern people have been documented employing the following identity negotiation strategies:
Self-concealment strategies can also present in those with sexual paraphilias. Research in the experiences of furries, a stigmatized group, found that they are more likely to self disclose if there are little difference in power between the furry and the individual with whom they are disclosing their identity to.
In those days, the most famous officials in Wei were He Yan, Deng Yang and Xiahou Xuan. Fu Gu disliked them, distanced himself from them, and chose to associate with Xun Can instead. Although Li Feng was from the same home province as Fu Gu, Fu was on bad terms with him and foresaw that Li would eventually ruin his own reputation.
After Sima Shi died in Xuchang, Sima Zhao took over his brother's position as the regent of Wei. In an attempt to prevent a transfer of power from Sima Shi to Sima Zhao, the Wei emperor Cao Mao ordered Sima Zhao to remain in Xuchang and let Fu Gu lead the army back to the capital Luoyang. However, Fu Gu and Zhong Hui met up with Sima Zhao, defied Cao Mao's orders, and returned to the capital together.
Because not all of the original dollar is necessarily spent by the recipient of the transfer payment, the resulting multiplier is likely to be somewhat less than the multiplier of government spending on goods and services.
Galli-Curci made her operatic debut in 1906 at Trani, as Gilda in Giuseppe Verdi's Rigoletto, and she rapidly became acclaimed throughout Italy for the sweetness and agility of her voice and her captivating musical interpretations. She was seen by many critics as an antidote to the host of squally, verismo-oriented sopranos then populating Italian opera houses.
She toured widely in Europe, Russia and South America. In 1915, she sang two performances of Lucia di Lammermoor with Enrico Caruso in Buenos Aires. These were to be her only operatic appearances with the great tenor, though they later appeared in concert and made a few recordings together. Galli-Curci and Caruso also acted as godparents for the son of the Sicilian tenor Giulio Crimi.
Galli-Curci toured extensively throughout her career, including a 1924 Great Britain concert tour (she never sang in an opera there), where she appeared in 20 cities and a tour of Australia a year later.
On 14 November 1921, while still under contract with the Chicago Opera, Galli-Curci made her debut at the Metropolitan Opera in New York as Violetta in La Traviata, opposite tenor Beniamino Gigli as Alfredo. She was one of the few singers of that era who were contracted to both opera companies simultaneously. Galli-Curci remained at the Met until her retirement from the operatic stage nine years later. 
In 1922, Galli-Curci built an estate in Highmount, New York, which she called "Sul Monte". She summered there for several years until she sold the property in 1937. In the nearby village of Margaretville a theater was erected and named in her honor.  She returned the favor by performing there on its opening night.
In 2001, researchers Crookes and Recaberen "examined contemporary press reviews after surgery, conducted interviews with colleagues and relatives of the surgeon, and compared the career of Galli-Curci with that of other singers" and determined that her vocal decline was most likely not caused by a surgical injury.
Other researchers (Marchese-Ragona et al.) have argued that tracheal compression caused by a goiter put an early end to Galli-Curci's career as a coloratura soprano, but it was nerve damage caused during surgery that prevented her from prolonging her career as lyric or dramatic soprano.
In 1908, Amelita Galli wed an Italian nobleman and painter, the Marchese Luigi Curci, attaching his surname to hers. They divorced in 1920.  The Marchese Curci petitioned the papal council in Rome for an annulment of the marriage in 1922. In 1921, Galli-Curci married Homer Samuels, her accompanist. Their marriage lasted until Samuels' death in 1956.
Galli-Curci was a student of the Indian meditation and yoga teacher Paramahansa Yogananda. She wrote the foreword to Yogananda's 1929 book Whispers from Eternity.
Her country estate near Fleischmanns, New York, where she resided from 1922 to 1937, known as Sul Monte, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
Galli-Curci's 1917 recording of Edvard Grieg's Solveig's Song is heard in the Dark Horror, Avoider game 1916 Der Unbekannte Krieg in the Bunker section and is heard at the end of the game. Galli-Curci is honored on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for recording, with a star located at 6121 Hollywood Boulevard.
In Studio Ghibli's film Grave of the Fireflies, her recording of "Home! Sweet Home!" is played at the end.
Dan Strugnell (born 30 June 1992) is an English footballer playing as a defender for Gosport Borough.
The population of Susangerd is more than 120.000 people, and the vast majority of its inhabitants are Khuzestani Arab people. Susangerd is considered among the famous cities of Iran due to Iran-Iraq war and also because of liberation of Susangerd (from the siege of Iraqi forces).
On July 21, 2021, protests triggered by the severe shortage of water in the region occurred in Susangerd alongside multiple other cities, among them Masjed Soleyman, Izeh, Shushtar and Ahwaz.
The Blue Rapids baseball team was a minor league baseball team based in Blue Rapids, Kansas. The Blue Rapids team played briefly as members of the Class D level Eastern Kansas League with no team moniker, common in the era. The 1910 season was the only season of play for the league and the Blue Rapids based team. Blue Rapids played home games at Riverside Park.
"Si Una Vez" is written in the key of D minor and is played in a moderate groove of 84 beats per minute. It incorporates music from several musical instruments, including the piano and guitar. Lyrically, Selena reminiscences her failed relationship and wonders why she ever fell in love with an abusive partner who betrayed and left her, vowing to never allow a man like that back into her life. The lyrics suggest unrequited love and female empowerment.
The Commemoration of the American Civil War on postage stamps concerns both the actual stamps and covers used during the American Civil War, and the later postage celebrations. The latter include commemorative stamp issues devoted to the actual events and personalities of the war, as well as definitive issues depicting many noteworthy individuals who participated in the era's crucial developments.
This article follows the convention of the 1995 Civil War commemoration of 20 stamps related to the Civil War; civilian persons of the Civil War have been pictured beginning with the definitive issue for Abraham Lincoln after his assassination. Notable persons who were Civil War participants have been included in this article including inventors, authors, and subsequent U.S. presidents.
Note: A brief note as to the significance of each subject as it is related to the American Civil War is included by each stamp and cover.
 In 1861, Postmaster General Montgomery Blair cut off mail service to any state in rebellion. Confederate postage was not recognized by U.S. post offices, and postmasters forwarded mail addressed into the Confederacy to the Dead Letter Office, to be returned to senders.
The Confederacy used U.S. stamps pre-1861 with Roman numerals, provisional stamps and regular issue.
 Postmaster Reagan placed 8,535 of the nation's 28,586 post offices under his control, and initially all postal business was conducted with U.S. money and postage stamps. Until Confederate stamps became available, some local postmasters issued provisional stamps or marked mail "paid" by hand.
During the Civil War, private sector printers throughout the North developed cultural heroes who complemented and expanded the galaxy of official heroes found on stamps. Patriotic covers honored ordinary middle-class individuals, both civilian and military. Military theme covers also commemorate ordinary citizen soldiers. This "democratizing" in American popular icons contributed to a more explicit democratic nationalism.
Illustrated stationery reveals the strong emotions generated by the Civil War. In the North envelopes bearing patriotic illustrations appeared even before hostilities broke out.
Soon after the war began, Southern stationers quickly marketed patriotic envelopes picturing flags, cannons, political leaders, slogans, soldiers, and caricatures, among other war-related themes.
Union forces began blockading southern ports in April 1861, requiring mail to be carried on blockade runners or routed through foreign posts. Without postal treaties with foreign governments, Confederate letters were carried as private "ship" mail. They were charged the inland rates plus two cents, which was paid to the ship's master.
The "Gilded generation" born 1822 to 1842, defined the western adventurer of today's imagination. They were the youthful mining 49er in California, the Pony Express rider before and during the Civil War, bringing in Nevada as a state in October 1864.
As Union troops occupied rebel territory, federal mail service was restored, amounting to almost 500 routes by the end of 1865. Almost half of the post offices in the South had been returned to Federal service by the end of 1866.
Some groups have seen commemoratives as holding out a romanticized view of America. Others have promoted issues as a part of grander strategies fighting for social and political equality. Commemorative committees, business leaders, and politicians have actively pursued federal postage stamps celebrating regional anniversaries held at battlefields. Others sought stamps honoring military, cultural, and political heroes, such as Robert E. Lee, Susan B. Anthony, and Frederick Douglass.
Note: Several recent issues are not yet available at Wikimedia Commons for use here. For some, place-holders are provided. For previous images readily available for both commemorative and definitive issues, names are linked to their biographical articles in their Civil War career at each stamp description. Links to states take the reader to the "[state] in the American Civil War" series of articles in Wikipedia.
Winfield Hancock was featured in the Civil War commemorative sheet of 20. Hancock was the hero general of Gettysburg, subsequently Democratic 1880 nominee for president. 1995 issue.
The Lee-Jackson stamp of 1937 signified a demonstration of national unity of the New Deal. The Confederate generals were no longer traitors but American war heroes pictured alongside George Washington, William Sherman, and Ulysses S. Grant.
Raphael Semmes, was featured in the Civil War commemorative sheet of 20. Semmes was a naval commander of the cruiser CSS Alabama and CSS Sumter raiding U.S. commercial shipping in the Pacific and the Atlantic.  1995 issue.
Stand Watie was featured in the Civil War commemorative sheet of 20. Watie was a Native American general of a Cherokee faction allied with the Confederacy and represented in its Congress. 1995 issue.
Joseph E. Johnston was featured in the Civil War commemorative sheet of 20. Johnston commanded the western armies for the Confederacy. His strategy was the mirror image of Lee's offensive strategies in the Confederate Offensive-defensive strategy, Johnston emphasized the defensive falling back onto Atlanta.   1995 issue.
Appomattox surrender followed Confederate evacuation of Petersburg and Richmond. Lee's remnant army was surrounded without supply of food or ammunition. Terms were generous, contributing to the nation's healing following civil war. 1965 issue.
The Battle of Hampton Roads between the Monitor and Merrimac (Virginia), Battle of Shiloh, Battle of Chancellorsville and Battle of Gettysburg were featured in the Civil War commemorative sheet of 20. 1995 issue.
In literature the onset of the Civil War occasioned important considerations of nationalism, citizenship and the nature of the American republic.
Radical social changes involving communications, women's rights, civil rights, states' rights and other issues had already been set in motion before the Civil War, and accelerated through it into succeeding historical eras.
The Second Wave of Immigration reshaped American society in its diversity and urban numbers leading to an explosion of internal commerce and providing a consumer base for the coming industrial age. At 28 percent, the "Gilded generation" fighting the Civil War included a larger share of immigrants than any other generation in America since colonial times.
Tides of immigration reinforced the natural population increases to the advantage of the Union on the battlefield. Both German and Irish immigrants formed several ethnic regiments. Both German and Irish immigration have been commemorated in U.S. stamps.
The 100th anniversary of law creating land-grant colleges and universities was commemorated on November 14, 1962 to coincide with the annual meeting of The Association of State Universities and Land Grant Colleges. The design by Henry K. Bencsath features a lamp of learning against a bas-relief map of the continental United States.
Throughout the Civil War, efforts continued to develop communications with Europe via telegraph by a trans-Atlantic cable. The first had been laid in 1858 but only functioned three weeks. The initial project was led by Cyrus West Field and the Atlantic Telegraph Company. Efforts continued with much improved technology in 1865 and 1866. A 4-cent commemorative was issued on the 100th anniversary of the first attempt. 1958 issue.
During the conflict, two additional free-soil states were admitted, which along with Lincoln's reconstruction, moved the country inexorably towards the number for three-fourths states required in a constitutional amendment to abolish slavery by December 1865.
Inventors contributed to both sides of the conflict, most notably for the Union in fundamentally strategically important venues, enlarging on its material advantages over the Confederacy.
Prominent authors of the Civil War generation later were commemorated in stamps in view of their important career-long contributions to American literature. Several Transcentendalist authors promoted immediate abolition and war. Some authors served as nurses, or wrote without any direct participation in the conflict.
 Besides Abraham Lincoln in the United States and Jefferson Davis in the Confederate states, nine U.S. presidents had Civil War experience.
Abraham Lincoln is perhaps the most commemorated of the Civil War generation on U.S. postage. Pictured here as his statue in the Lincoln Memorial in Washington, DC. 1958 issue.
 In the 2009 issue of 42-cent Lincoln stamps, Lincoln was pictured in four stages of life: as rail-splitter, as lawyer, as politician, and as president. 2009 issue.
"Lambing Season" is a science fiction short story by American writer Molly Gloss, published in 2002.  It was nominated for the 2003 Hugo Award for Best Short Story as well as the Nebula Award for Best Short Story.
The story follows Delia, a woman who enjoys the solitude of herding sheep each summer.  Along with her two dogs and flock of sheep she relishes the natural beauty, silence and long walks that come as part of her job.  After one particularly trying evening, she sees a green and yellow flash arc across the sky.  She goes to investigate and finds that an alien spaceship has landed on Earth.
This article about a science fiction short story (or stories) published in the 2000s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article related to a Victoria (Australia) school is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Inishowen West (Irish: Inis Eoghain Thiar), also called West Inishowen or Innishowen West, is a barony in County Donegal, Republic of Ireland. Baronies were mainly cadastral rather than administrative units. They acquired modest local taxation and spending functions in the 19th century before being superseded by the Local Government (Ireland) Act 1898.
Between the 9th and 13th centuries Inishowen was divided into three sectors, Aileach, Bredach and Cairrge Brachaidhe (Carraickabraghy) in the west. O'Mulhall (Mulfaal) and O'Hogain are cited as chiefs of Carrichbrack (Carrickbraghy). Inishowen was originally a single barony but was divided by 1851 into East and West.
Jaya completed her degree at Queensland University of Technology, Brisbane (2006) Bachelor of Fine Arts in Film & Television and her masters at Nanyang Technological University, Singapore (2010) Master in Mass Communication.
Jaya Rathakrishnan started off as an assistant producer and started specialising in writing and producing with Eaglevision, Mediacorp since 2001. She has since written several screenplays for award-winning television dramas, variety shows and Info-educational shows.
In 2017, Jaya Rathakrishnan founded Stardust Story, a media firm, and is currently in partnership with theatre director Beatrice Chia-Richmond. Since then, Jaya has written for several popular drama series under Stardust Story including the screenplay for Michael Chiang's Mixed Signals, After Love and Thilaanaa. Both the series, Mixed Signals and Thilaanaa were screened at the Singapore Media Festival 2019.
In 2017, Jaya took on the role of the executive producer and head writer of BRA, a 13 part series about breast cancer which aired on Channel 5, Mediacorp Singapore.
In 2018, Jaya wrote the screenplay for Kalaba Kadhala which became one of the most widely watched TV shows on meWATCH, a Singaporean digital video on demand service brand owned by Mediacorp.
Villa International Airport Maamigili (IATA: VAM, ICAO: VRMV), also known as Maamigili Airport, is an airport in the Maldives. It is located on the island of Maamigili in Alif Dhaal Atoll.
The airport was developed by Maldivian business tycoon Qasim Ibrahim, who grew up in Maamigili, as a project to develop the infrastructure and facilities of the island. Developed and operated by his company, Villa Group, the airport also opened up direct transportation facilities to two of their flagship resorts located on adjacent islands.
The opening of the airport coincided with Villa's entry into the aviation industry, the founding of a new airline Villa Air (operating as Flyme), to operate from the airport.
The airport opened on October 1, 2011 as a domestic airport. In 2013, it was upgraded to international airport standards.
Villa Airport was downgraded to domestic status by the government for a period of 23 days in August 2014 over "security concerns".
NXT TakeOver: London was a professional wrestling show and WWE Network event that took place on December 16, 2015. It was produced by WWE, showcasing its NXT brand division, and was streamed live on the WWE Network. The event took place in The SSE Arena in London, England. The eighth NXT TakeOver event, it was the first TakeOver broadcast from outside of the United States, which was the finale of NXT's first tour of the United Kingdom.
The card comprised five matches. The matches resulted from scripted storylines, where wrestlers portrayed heroes, villains, or less distinguishable characters that built tension and culminated in a wrestling match or series of matches. Results were predetermined by WWE's writers on the NXT brand, while storylines were produced on their weekly television program, NXT.
Next was the match pitting Apollo Crews against Baron Corbin. Corbin gained the advantage by dropping Crews over the top rope onto the ring steps. Later, Corbin executed "Deep Six" for a near-fall. Crews countered Corbin's "End of Days", then executed an enzuigiri and a standing moonsault for a near-fall. Despite lifting Corbin in preparation for a powerbomb, Corbin grabbed the ropes and escaped, then pinned Crews after the "End of Days" to win the match.
In the penultimate match, Bayley defending the NXT Women's Championship against Nia Jax. Jax dominated much of the match, countering all of Bayley's attempts of a guillotine choke into repeated leg drops or Samoan drops, but only for near-falls. After much of this, Bayley forced Jax to tap out to a fourth guillotine choke hold to retain the title.
This page lists Fawlty Towers cast members. The names of the regular cast members link to the pages for the actor and for the Fawlty Towers character.
There is a small roadside chapel with a belfry in the northern part of the settlement. It was built in the early 20th century.
One of Kizirian's greatest achievements was his uncovering of the Tet Offensive after studying more than 400 intelligence reports and briefing General Creighton Abrams. According to his obituary, "The warning very likely saved thousands of American and South Vietnamese lives. Like his work in uncovering the Tet Offensive, most of his accomplishments and successes took place behind the scenes."
John Kizirian grew up on 34 Willow Street in Whitinsville and attended the local Northbridge High School. At an early age, Kizirian worked at a nearby floral shop as a panel setter. In his junior year of high school, Kizirian was on the student council and on February 3, 1944 became Northbridge's first Eagle Scout. However, his high school education was cut short when Kizirian quit school and joined military service.
John Kizirian joined the United States Navy on May 3, 1945 and was sent to Sampson Air Force Base, New York for boot camp. From there he was sent to San Diego, California to learn to be a pharmacist mate. While he was acquiring his education, World War II ended. He was then sent to a naval hospital in Virginia, then to a medical technology school in Cambridge, Maryland, Maryland where he became a lab technician.
After serving the navy, Kizirian returned to Whitinsville and remained in the reserves. He worked in the stock room of the Whitin Machine Works. Kizirian desired to return to the military and went to a local navy recruiter. The navy recruiter stated that they can only accept him as a hospital apprentice which Kizirian subsequently refused. He then applied to the Army and got accepted as a sergeant in 1949.
Kizirian was sent to Fort Dix in New Jersey for training and from there he was sent to Fort Benning, Georgia where he was assigned to the hospital in the laboratory. He was assigned to the laboratory as a non-commissioned officer and was in charge of the laboratory for approximately a year until the Korean War started.
It was barely daylight and I walked over to where they had him and I said, "Okay, I'll take him to the rear" and pulled out my '45. "Let me take him. Did you guys search him?" And, about that time this guy pulled a grenade out, threw it and killed a couple of my people, so I shot him to death. As soon as he did it, I was shooting, but it was too late. I was furious, of course, about that.
When Kizirian returned from Korea, he was sent to Special Forces headquarters in Fort Bragg, North Carolina. From there, he was sent to Fort Benning, Georgia to advanced infantry school and then back to Fort Bragg where he became Special Forces team leader. Kizirian became the adjutant of the Special Welfare Center while receiving an education at the University of North Carolina and received his degree from there in 1957.
When the Vietnam War started, Kizirian was assigned as a senior intelligence advisor to the Vietnamese III Corps until 1968, when he became part of the III Corps Military Intelligence Detachment and senior division of the Reconnaissance Unit till the summer of that year.
Throughout his time in Vietnam, Kizirian worked closely with General William Westmoreland who was the commander of the Military Assistance Command Vietnam (MACV). As a result of the missions that Kizirian took command of, he was awarded two Purple Hearts and a Distinguished Service Cross.
He was then appointed as part of the  Army Intelligence, G2, 1st Air Cavalry Division where he served as an assistant.
In 1968, Kizirian uncovered the Tet Offensive, a military campaign that was launched on January 30, 1968 by forces of the Viet Cong and North Vietnam, after studying more than 400 intelligence reports and subsequently briefing General Creighton Adams. Kizirian's prediction of the 1968 Tet Offensive is considered one of Kizirian's greatest achievements of the war effort.
Though he did not graduate with his class, Col. Kizirian then attained his high school diploma. After receiving the diploma he studied at the U.S. Army War College where he graduated in 1970.
In 1980, Kizirian became a defence official in Indonesia returning from a five-year active duty break. He was also the military attache to the Indonesian Republic. He finished his service in Indonesia in 1984 and retired once again.
John Kizirian worked for the Martin Marietta Aerospace Cooperation for a year and a half. He became a consultant of various intelligence reports drafted at the time of the Iranian Revolution. The company planned to set up several signal intelligence sites in Iran to monitor activity related to the revolution.
After his military service, Kizirian was invited by Alexander M. Haig to serve in the office of the secretary of defense in the Pentagon. However, he declined the offer due to family health issues.
John Kizirian died February 26, 2006 at the Holmes Regional Medical Center in Melbourne, Florida. His funeral processions were conducted at St. Paul's Anglican Church in Melbourne and is buried at the Arlington National Cemetery in Arlington, Virginia.
Kizirian has been married three times. His first wife, Edith Tally, was born in Kansas. They adopted two children, Joanne and John. Edith died of cancer in 1986. Kizirian's second wife Barbara Holman was born in Tennessee and died in 1999. Kizirian's third marriage was with Carol Chandler who was from Georgia.
John Kizirian, a resident of Hawaii, was inducted into the Hawaii Army Museum Gallery of Heroes where a portrait of him hangs in the gallery.
In August 2005, Kizirian's niece, Lesley Kissick of Montara, California, wrote a letter to congressman Dave Weldon insisting that Kizirian deserves to be awarded the Medal of Honor.
The process for his canonization opened and in 1618 he was beatified; Pope Alexander VIII canonized him a saint on 16 October 1690.
He spent his childhood and adolescence as a shepherd, and as he toiled in the fields remained attentive to the sound of the church bell which rang during the Elevation during the Mass. Paschal was very honest, and once offered to reimburse the owners of crops damaged due to his animals getting loose.
Those to whom he first mentioned his inclination to a religious life, recommended several richly endowed monasteries, but he answered,"I was born poor and am resolved to die in poverty and penance".
In 1564 he joined the Reformed Franciscans as a religious brother and commenced his period of novitiate on 2 February before making his profession on 2 February 1565 in Orito at the Saint Joseph convent. He was urged to become an ordained priest but he felt that was not the path for him. But he was once denied the chance to join on the account of his age prompting him to return to his duties as a shepherd before the order had a change of heart and admitted him into their ranks.
The humble friar never wasted food. The end of each week saw him eat a few boiled vegetables which had been soaked in water with the terrible smelling weed known as wormwood. He often ate scraps from the kitchen. Other austerities included wearing a coat with steel spikes or a patched habit including one tunic lined with rough pig hair designed to cause discomfort. Sometimes he slept out in the cold.
His tomb in Villarreal became an immediate place of pilgrimage and there were soon miracles that were reported at his tomb.[citation needed] Pope Paul V beatified him on 29 October 1618, and Pope Alexander VIII later canonized him on 16 October 1690. In 1730, an indigenous Guatemalan claimed to have had a vision of a sainted Paschal appearing as a robed skeleton. This event became the basis of the heterodox tradition of San Pascualito.
He was enlisted in the church's struggle against Modernism, part of which was through increasing devotion towards the Eucharist; Pope Leo XIII proclaimed the saint as the "seraph of the Eucharist" as well as the patron of Eucharistic congresses and affiliated associations. Art often depicts him wearing the Franciscan habit and bearing a monstrance to signify his devotion to the Holy Eucharist. Pope John XXIII named the saint as the patron for the Segorbe diocese on 12 May 1961.
During the Red Terror, at the time of the Spanish Civil War, his grave was desecrated and anticlerical leftists had his relics burned, though some remained. Those that did were later transferred in the presence of King Juan Carlos I on 12 May 1992.
This is a list of the 558 MPs or Members of Parliament elected to the 314 constituencies of the Parliament of Great Britain in 1761, the 12th Parliament of Great Britain and their replacements returned at subsequent by-elections, arranged by constituency.
Montgomery County is included in the Philadelphia-Camden-Wilmington PA-NJ-DE-MD metropolitan statistical area, sometimes expansively known as the Delaware Valley. The county marks part of the Delaware Valley's northern border with the Lehigh Valley region of Pennsylvania. In 2010, Montgomery County was the 51st-wealthiest county in the country by median household income. In 2008, the county was named the 9th Best Place to Raise a Family by Forbes.
As of the 2020 census, the county was 73.27% White (72.18% White, non-Hispanic), 9.55% Black or African American, 0.22% Native American or Alaskan Native, 7.94% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, and 2.87% some other race; 6.13% were two or more races. 6.36% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
As of the 2010 census, the county was 79.0% White non-Hispanic, 8.7% Black or African American, 0.1% Native American or Alaskan Native, and 6.4% Asian (2.1% Indian, 1.7% Korean, 1.2% Chinese, 0.5% Vietnamese, 0.3% Filipino, 0.1% Japanese, 0.6% other Asian); 1.9% were two or more races, and 1.6% were some other race. About 4.3% of the population were Hispanic or Latino.
Montgomery County is home to large and growing African American, Korean American, Puerto-Rican American, Mexican American, and Indian American populations. The county has the second-largest foreign-born population in the region, after Philadelphia County.
Of the 286,098 households, 32.00% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.20% were married couples living together, 8.80% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.90% were not families. About 25.60% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.90% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.09.
In the county, the age distribution was 24.10% under the age of 18, 7.10% from 18 to 24, 30.50% from 25 to 44, 23.40% from 45 to 64, and 14.90% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.60 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.00 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $60,829, and for a family was $72,183 (these figures had risen to $73,701 and $89,219, respectively, as of a 2007 estimate). Males had a median income of $48,698 versus $35,089 for females. The per capita income for the county was $30,898. About 2.80% of families and 4.40% of the population were below the poverty line, including 4.60% of those under age 18 and 5.10% of those age 65 or over.
Historically, Montgomery County was a stronghold for the Republican Party.  The county was the only one carried by Barbara Hafer in the 1990 gubernatorial election over the incumbent governor, Bob Casey. However, the Democratic Party has made substantial gains in the county over the last quarter-century and gained the registration edge early in 2008.
Most county-level offices were held by Republicans until after the 2007 election, when Democrats picked up control of five row offices.  Democrats have also won several elections in the Pennsylvania General Assembly in recent years, including two GOP-leaning State House districts in 2004, the 148th with Mike Gerber and the 153rd with Josh Shapiro.  Today, although the county is very Democratic at the national level, at the state and local level, it is not specifically partisan.
Montgomery County is governed by a three-person county commission.  The current composition is two Democrats and one Republican.  By law, the county commission must have one member of a minority party represented.
Under Pennsylvania law, five types of incorporated municipalities are listed: cities, boroughs, townships, home rule municipalities (which can include communities that bear the name "Borough" or "Township") and, in at most two cases, towns. These boroughs, townships, and home rule municipalities are located in Montgomery County:
Census-designated places are geographical areas designated by the U.S. Census Bureau for the purposes of compiling demographic data. They are not actual jurisdictions under Pennsylvania law. Other unincorporated communities, such as villages, may be listed here, as well.
Even though the historic village of Valley Forge, as well as the park, are partially located within Montgomery County, the modern village is in Chester County, PA
The county has a hot-summer humid continental climate (Dfa) except in some lowland areas very close to Philadelphia where it is humid subtropical (Cfa).  The hardiness zones are 6b and 7a.
Chionodes pinguicula is a moth in the family Gelechiidae. It is found in North America, where it has been recorded from Utah, Colorado, Texas, New Mexico, Arizona, Nevada and California.
London Road is one of the oldest neighbourhoods in Lethbridge, Alberta. It is located in South Lethbridge and borders downtown, as well as Midtown and the Upper East Side. It is an L-shaped area defined by 6 Avenue, Stafford Drive, 3 Avenue, 13 Street, 9 Avenue and Scenic Drive.
Land use in London Road is primarily residential, with 80% of all uses being of a single family residence or single family with basement suite.
Travis Seegmiller is an American attorney, academic, and politician serving as a member of the Utah House of Representatives from the 62nd district. Seegmiller was appointed to the House on February 14, 2018, succeeding Jon Stanard. He represents Washington County, parts of Saint George, and the Washington Fields area.
Seegmiller earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Leadership Psychology and International Studies from Yale University and a Juris Doctor from the Georgetown University Law Center.
in 2018, Seegmiller was appointed to the Utah House of Representatives after the resignation of Jon Stanard amid a prostitution scandal. He secured the seat in an eight-way race within the Washington County Republican Party. He won re-election in 2020 with 99.3% of the popular vote in the general election.
The small Irish Catholic town of Imogene has a quaint restaurant/bar, The Emerald Isle, as well as a magnificent Catholic Church, St. Patrick's. There is also a developed campsite with showers and restrooms available for a fee.
She played in all five games as the Faroe Islands won the football tournament at the 2005 Island Games in Shetland.
Wardum is also an accomplished handballer. She played, outfield, for Kyndil and was part of the Faroe Islands women's national handball team.
This biographical article related to women's association football in the Faroe Islands is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Phytosanitary certification is used to attest that consignments meet phytosanitary (regarding plants) import requirements and is undertaken by an NPPO (National Plant Protection Organization). A phytosanitary certificate for export or for re-export can be issued only by a public officer who is technically qualified and duly authorized by an NPPO (ISPM 12).
A phytosanitary certificate for export is usually issued by the NPPO of the country where the plants, plant products or regulated articles were grown or processed (1). Phytosanitary certificates are issued to indicate that consignments of plants, plant products or other regulated articles meet specified phytosanitary import requirements and are in conformity with the certifying statement of the appropriate model certificate. Phytosanitary certificates should only be issued for this purpose.
A public officer who is authorized by the National Plant Protection organization (NPPO) and accredited for the signing of phytosanitary certificates, who 1) possesses the required education, experience, and training; and 2) has written confirmation of having passed an approved examination. (RSPM No. 8, Accreditation) [NAPPO, 2004].
The USDA APHIS PPQ Export Certification Specialists are responsible for maintaining the quality and credibility of the U.S. Export Program.
The USDA APHIS PPQ issues Phytosanitary Certificates for export via the PCIT system. PCIT tracks the inspection of products and certifies compliance with plant health standards of importing countries. This capability provides the USDA/APHIS/PPQ with greater fraud prevention, reporting functions, and monitoring capabilities.
This article about a Norwegian politician born between 1800 and 1809 is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Angus Kernohan (born 2 March 1999) is an Irish rugby union player playing for RFU Championship side Ealing Trailfinders. He plays as a winger, but can also play at centre.
Born in Ballymena, Northern Ireland, Kernohan attended Ballymena Academy and first began playing rugby for Ballymena minis.
On 13 May 2020, Kernohan travels to England to sign for Ealing Trailfinders in the RFU Championship from the 2020-21 season.
Kernohan was part of the Ireland under-20s team that won a grand slam during the 2019 Six Nations Under 20s Championship. He missed the opening two rounds due to a hamstring injury, but returned for the final fixtures.
This biographical article relating to Irish Rugby Union is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The protagonist is Florent, an escaped political prisoner mistakenly arrested after the French coup of 1851. He returns to his half-brother Quenu, a charcutier and his wife Lisa Quenu (formerly Macquart), with whom he finds refuge. They get him a job in the market as a fish inspector. After getting mixed up in an ineffectual socialist plot against the Empire, Florent is arrested and deported again.
Wadborough railway station was located in Wadborough, Worcestershire. It opened in 1841 and closed in January 1965. It was situated to the west on the Bristol to Birmingham rail line; the line remains open and high-speed trains regularly pass through the level crossing called Wadborough. As of July 2015 the crossing now has LED lights.
This article on a railway station in the West Midlands region is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Menara Jakarta is an under construction mixed development complex at Kemayoran, Jakarta, Indonesia. Located in front of JIEXPO, it consists of six towers, 1 Conho (Condo & Hotel), 1 Condo Tower, 1 Office Tower, and 3 Suite Tower. The complex will have a mall also. The complex is constructed on the site of postponed Jakarta Tower.
The towers of this complex are named as Fortune Tower, Azure Tower, Celestial Tower, Breeze Tower, Equinox Tower, and Destiny Tower. 
The office tower in the complex is known as Fortune Tower, which will be a skyscraper of 280 meters tall at the tip. Once completed it will be one of the tallest buildings in Jakarta, with facilities such as Sky Garden, Sky Lounge & Restaurant and a 360' Sky Observatory.
This article includes information from the Antarctic Place-names Commission of Bulgaria which is used with permission.
Roseville station is an Amtrak train station in Roseville, California, United States. It serves the California Zephyr and Capitol Corridor lines. It is located at 201 Pacific Street and is unstaffed. The design of the two-story building pays homage to Southern Pacific Railroad stations from the early 20th century.
Spring traps for large rodents such as rats or squirrels are powerful enough to break the animal's neck or spine. They may break human fingers as well, whereas an ordinary spring-based mousetrap is very unlikely to break a human finger. Rat spring traps may not be sensitive enough to spring when a mouse takes the bait.
A rat cage trap is a metal cage box-shaped device that is designed primarily to catch rats without killing them. Food bait (not poisoned) is put in the cage trap.  When an animal enters the cage and moves toward the bait, the mechanism triggers and closes a door over the entry point. The animal is caught alive and without injury. The animal can be transported and released elsewhere or subsequently killed.
Glue traps are non-poisonous sticky glue spread over card boards and the like and kept in places rats frequent, which gets them stuck to it when they pass over it.  The rat will subsequently die from dehydration and asphyxiation.  A bait may also be placed on the cardboard to attract the rats.
Another form of non-lethal trap is one where the wires it is constructed of are cut and formed into a funnel shape directed into the body of the cage. This design is usually dome shaped with the funnel at the crown. Rats are extremely flexible and can push through the narrower opening into the cage, but cannot escape due to the ends of the wires poking them in the face. The advantage of this design is that it can catch more than one rat at a setting.
Electronic rat traps detect the presence of a rodent via metal plates on the floor of the trap, then deliver a lethal dose of high-voltage electricity stepped up from batteries to several thousand volts. Some brands offer remote indication to tell you when the trap has operated. The Eliminator (South Africa) and Victor (US) are two brands of electronic rat traps.
Glue traps, however, are not considered a humane method of rodent control, especially if the rodent is left to die. They can also harm non-targeted animals. Although they are still commonly used by professionals for insect monitoring in containers that prevent access by rodents. 
Another trap design, often considered more humane, is a self-resetting rat trap like the Goodnature A24. These traps kill rodents with an impact from a CO2-powered piston and are self-resetting.
The Sikiana in Brazil live between the Cafuini River and headwaters of the Turuna and Itapi close to border with Suriname. The group in Suriname lives in Kwamalasamutu. The group in Venezuela is probably extinct.
The hypothesis was proposed as an explanation for the presence of lemur fossils in Madagascar and India but not in Africa or the Middle East. Biologist Ernst Haeckel's suggestion in 1870 that Lemuria could be the ancestral home of mankind caused the hypothesis to move beyond the scope of geology and zoogeography, ensuring its popularity outside of the framework of the scientific community.
Occultist and founder of Theosophy Helena Blavatsky, during the latter part of the 19th century, placed Lemuria in the system of her mystical-religious doctrine, claiming that this continent was the homeland of the human ancestors, whom she called Lemurians. The writings of Blavatsky had a significant impact on Western esotericism, popularizing the myth of Lemuria and its mystical inhabitants.
Theories about Lemuria became untenable when, in the 1960s, the scientific community accepted Alfred Wegener's theory of continental drift, presented in 1912, but the idea lived on in the popular imagination, especially in relation to the Theosophist tradition.
Lemuria was hypothesized as a land bridge, now sunken, which would account for certain discontinuities in biogeography. This idea has been rendered obsolete by modern theories of plate tectonics. Sunken continents such as Zealandia in the Pacific, and Mauritia[original research?] and the Kerguelen Plateau in the Indian Ocean do exist, but no geological formation under the Indian or Pacific Oceans is known that could have served as a land bridge between continents.[original research?]
The idea of Lemuria was later incorporated into the philosophy of Theosophy and subsequently into general fringe belief. Accounts of Lemuria here differ. All share a common belief that a continent existed in ancient times and sank beneath the ocean as a result of a geological, often cataclysmic, change, such as a pole shift, which such theorists anticipate will destroy and transform the modern world.[citation needed]
In 1864, "The Mammals of Madagascar" by zoologist and biogeographer Philip Sclater appeared in The Quarterly Journal of Science. Using a classification he referred to as lemurs, but which included related primate groups, and puzzled by the presence of their fossils in Madagascar and India, but not in Africa or the Middle East, Sclater proposed that Madagascar and India had once been part of a larger continent (he was correct in this; though in reality this was the supercontinent Gondwana).
The anomalies of the mammal fauna of Madagascar can best be explained by supposing that... a large continent occupied parts of the Atlantic and Indian Oceans... that this continent was broken up into islands, of which some have become amalgamated with... Africa, some... with what is now Asia; and that in Madagascar and the Mascarene Islands we have existing relics of this great continent, for which... I should propose the name Lemuria!
After gaining some acceptance within the scientific community, the concept of Lemuria began to appear in the works of other scholars. Ernst Haeckel, a Darwinian taxonomist, proposed Lemuria as an explanation for the absence of proto-human "missing links" in the fossil record. According to another source, Haeckel put forward this thesis before Sclater, without using the name "Lemuria".
Some Tamil writers such as Devaneya Pavanar have associated Lemuria with Kumari Kandam, a legendary sunken landmass mentioned in the Tamil literature, claiming that it was the cradle of civilization.
Since the 1880s, the hypothesis of Lemuria has inspired many novels, television shows, films, and music.
Cressage railway station was a railway station on the Severn Valley Railway. It opened on 1 February 1862 with a single platform and a siding. By 1898 it had acquired an additional platform along with a signal box and the sidings had been expanded.
The station was listed in the Beeching Report as a "passenger station already under consideration for closure before the formulation of the report". It closed on 9 September 1963,
This article about a Shropshire building or structure is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article on a railway station in the West Midlands region is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Bagdadia yanglingensis is a moth in the family Gelechiidae. It was described by Hou-Hun Li and Zhe-Min Zheng in 1998. It is found in China.
As a paperback writer, many of his books were written as "work for hire" and the copyright held by the publishing company who, anticipating a very short shelf life, never bothered to renew the copyright or return the rights to the author. The fact that all of his books, prior to 1964, are in the public domain has been beneficial to the legacy of Orrie Hitt, in that it has made them more readily available to contemporary readers. 
Original Orrie Hitt paperbacks are collectible not only among aficionados of 1950s and 1960s cover art, but also among readers of mid-century erotica and crime novels, who find them superior to those of other "hack" writers of the time.
Year in parenthesis is that of initial publication followed by the year of any reprint under a different title, if any.
The commission's report, presented to the board of governors, suggested increasing the Bachelor of Divinity curriculum and abolishing the Licentiate in Theology programme.
In 1964, the college was founded in Luthergiri, Rajahmundry, East Godavari with the merger of three theological colleges:  Andhra Union Theological College in Dornakal, Baptist Theological Seminary in Kakinada, and Lutheran Theological College in Rajahmundry.
With William D. Coleman as its first principal, the college was dedicated on 1 July 1964 by R. M. Clark of the BTESSC.[a] The inaugural address was delivered by Senate of Serampore College registrar C. Devasahayam in Rajahmundry.
The college is administered by a board of governors composed of representatives of participating Protestant ecclesiastical societies:
The college motto is derived from Ephesians 4:12, which reads in the Latin Vulgate: "Ad consummationem sanctorum in opus ministerii..." ("For the perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry..." in the King James Version).
W. D. Coleman, the college's first principal, explained the hall system: "Each of the participating denominations has its own 'hall'. There are two hours of instruction each week about the liturgy, history, and policy of each denomination".
The churches commonly associated with Protestantism in southern India include the Anglicans, Congregationalists, Wesleyan Methodists, Baptists, Lutherans and Methodists. Each church has its own tradition. At ACTC, students learn their respective church doctrine in addition to general theology.
The principal serves a four-year term (2018-2022), with each participating church having an opportunity to provide a principal. The current principal is the Rev. A. John Prabhakar, D.Th. (Serampore). 
ACTC and Serampore offer two degrees for pastors: Bachelor of Divinity (B.D.) and Master of Theology (M. Th.) under the aegis of Advanced Institute for Research on Religion and Culture (ARRC).
Through distance education, ACTC has Bachelor of Christian Studies (B.C.S.) and Master of Christian Studies (M.C.S.) programmes for Christian students and a Diploma in Christian Studies (Dip. C.S.) programme for Christian and non-Christian students.
When the college was founded in 1964, university registrar Chetti Devasahayam (CBCNC) delivered its inaugural address; registrar D. S. Satyaranjan visited the college annually. Current registrar S. K. Patro has visited ACTC to investigate the prospect of upgrading the college to a postgraduate institution.
The college has begun an initiative to admit Christian candidates to a M.Div. programme, for which it has been accredited by the Asia Theological Association.
ACTC's library has reading-room facilities, over 38,000 books and 35 periodicals. When the college was founded, it was known as the Dunkelberger Memorial Library. The Evangelical Lutheran Church in America had sponsored the library in memory of Roy Martin Dunkelberger, AELC, a Lutheran missionary in Rajahmundry.
The library was renamed the Gipson Memorial Library in 2014 in honour of Baptist missionary T. G. Gipson, STBC, who had modernized the library during his second term as a visiting faculty member at the college. The renaming ceremony was held during the tenure of T. Matthews Emmanuel (CBCNC) as principal, in the presence of board of governors chair K. Frederick Paradesi Babu (AELC) and board member V. Prasada Rao (CSI).
ACTC has recreational facilities which include throwball, tennis, basketball and volleyball courts, a table tennis room and a playing field for football and cricket. Daily mass is said in the chapel for students and teachers, and Sunday mass is open to the public. College festivals include the Christian Home Festival, Carey Day, CSI Day, Reformation Day, and Independence Day.
This article about a place in Santa Cruz Province, Argentina is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Cold Turkey is a live album by pianist Ray Bryant recorded at Basin Street East and released by Sue Records in 1964.
Because Atlanta was a settlement that grew from a planned railroad terminus and later a railroad junction, rather than being planned in a grand manner, its antebellum architecture was unremarkable compared to patrician Savannah or other older Southern cities. The town's most important buildings included Edward A. Vincent's Union Station (1853), the Atlanta, Trout House and Washington Hall hotels, and the Atlanta Bank. An 1859 industrial journal noted that:
Not a single antebellum building from what was the town of Atlanta remains today. Remaining antebellum architecture inside the city limits consists of four houses that were well outside the city limits in the 19th century, as well as the Tullie Smith House which was moved to the Atlanta History Center from a location in North Druid Hills, an adjacent suburb. The oldest building in Downtown Atlanta is the Georgia Railroad Freight Depot (1869).
Throughout the American Renaissance and beyond, Atlantans were amazed at successive waves of ever more impressive hotels, civic and industrial architecture, and office buildings, such as the Equitable Building (8 stories, 1892), Candler Building (17 stories, 1906), and Rhodes-Haverty Building (21 stories, 1929). Among the most notable architects active in Atlanta between the Civil War and World War Two were A. Ten Eyck Brown, Francis Palmer Smith and G. Lloyd Preacher.
During the Cold War era, Atlanta followed global modernist trends, especially with regards to office towers and commercial buildings.  Examples of modernist architecture include the Westin Peachtree Plaza (1976), Georgia-Pacific Tower (1982), the State of Georgia Building (1966), and the Atlanta Marriott Marquis (1985).
The era's most notable architect may be Atlanta-native John Portman, whose Hyatt Regency Hotel (1968) made a significant mark on the hospitality sector. A graduate of Georgia Tech's College of Architecture, Portman's work reshaped downtown Atlanta with his designs for the Atlanta Merchandise Mart, Peachtree Center, the Westin Peachtree Plaza Hotel, and SunTrust Plaza.
More recently, Atlanta's built environment has been getting more eclectic and diverse.  For example, 3344 Peachtree (2008) is more in the glass-walled modernist vein, while Millennium Gate (also completed in 2008) is the largest classical monument in the U.S. to have been dedicated since completion of the Jefferson Memorial in Washington, D.C.
The Young Architects Forum of the Atlanta chapter of the American Institute of Architects sponsors open design competitions, exhibits, and lectures of interest to the profession and the general public.
Andreae was born in Clapham, London to a German father, Carl Andreae of Frankfurt, and an English mother, Emilie Sillem. During the 1890s, Andreae wrote several works of fiction, many of which first appeared in The Windsor Magazine.
Andreae immigrated to the United States in 1896. He settled in Cincinnati before moving to Chicago, becoming a U.S. citizen in 1914. He died in Winnetka, Illinois, aged 65.
This biographical article about a United States activist is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This biographical article related to association football in Scotland, about a forward born in the 1860s, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
In 1975, Jefferson was the first witness for the prosecution in the manslaughter case levied against Kenneth Edelin for his performance of a legal abortion.
It was in 1980 that Jefferson helped the National Right to Life Committee start a political action committee because she believed it was important to lobby and support pro-life candidates for office. While a Republican, she helped Democrat Ellen McCormack run for the Democratic Party presidential nomination in 1976. Apart from NRLC, Jefferson served on boards of directors of more than 30 pro-life organizations.
Jefferson opposed the Equal Rights Amendment on the basis that it is unnecessary as the Constitution has no in-built inequity.  She for years called for a constitutional amendment to reverse the 1973 Supreme Court decision in Roe v. Wade, rejecting the notion that abortion is a private matter between a woman and her physician. Jefferson also expressed opposition to welfare and busing, and support for the death penalty.
Jefferson died in her Cambridge home on October 15, 2010, at the age of 83 years. She was divorced and had no children. She was buried in her hometown of Carthage, Texas.
Oenospila flavifusata is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found in Oriental tropics to Sundaland.
Generally a green colored moth. Costa whitish and dentate fasciae is dark. Caterpillar yellowish with a dorsal, slender, red double line. Head bifid. Pupation occurs in a cocoon made between two leaves spun together. Host plants include Anacardium, Barringtonia, Memecylon, Eugenia, Syzygium, Nephelium, Chrysophyllum, and recently caterpillars found from Garcinia xanthochymus.
MediaOne Academy is a media institute in Kerala, India. It was established by Madhyamam Broadcasting Limited in 2010. The institute is situated in Velliparamba, Calicut. It mainly runs courses in electronic, print and new media. 
Lincoln College Preparatory Academy (LCPA) (also known as Lincoln Prep Academy or The Castle on the Hill) is a three-year  middle school and four-year college preparatory magnet school in the Kansas City, Missouri School District. The high school offers International Baccalaureate programs.
Lincoln was ranked by U.S. News & World Report as one of the "Top 100 High Schools" in the United States in 2012 and 2015. In 2008 and 2014, the school received the Blue Ribbon School Award of Excellence by the United States Department of Education, the highest award an American school can receive.
Lincoln College Preparatory Academy is a middle and high school. More than 90% of its graduates enroll in college. The 2014 graduating class of 151 students received $15.6 million in scholarships, grants and financial aid. High achievement has been consistent, as the 115 graduates in 2002 received scholarships and financial aid in excess of $3 million. The student-teacher ratio is 14.0:1.
MJP Racing Team Austria is an auto racing team founded by Austrian racing driver and entrepreneur Max Pucher.  The team has been competing in rallycross since its creation. The team uses Supercar specification Ford Fiesta built by MJP Racing. The cars were former built by Stohl Racing but before the 2016 season started Max Pucher separated his team from Stohl Racing and operates the cars by himself.
She is the singer behind the hits like Bakit Nga Ba Mahal Kita, Maniniwala Ba Ako, Dahil Mahal Na Mahal Kita, Laging Ikaw Parin, Ikaw Pala, Mahal Mo Ba'y Di Na Ako, and Huwag Ka Nang Babalik.
From 1994 to 1995, she was hailed as the Best Female Singer of the Year for the song You by Awit Awards. In 1994, her very first signature hit, Bakit Nga Ba Mahal Kita (Why Do I Love You?), became the number one charted song in the Philippines and stayed in the radio charts for 8 months from 1994 to 1995. It became the theme song of many Filipinos who went through heart breaks and got lost in love.
In 1997, however her commercialized success of Dahil Mahal Na Mahal Kita, her carrier single from her 3rd album (Roselle: On Higher Ground), emerged immediate success and even spanned a film with the same name and even in album registry.
To date, Dahil Mahal Na Mahal Kita was also covered four times by different artists: Rachelle Ann Go for The Gulong Ng Palad (2006) Soundtrack and Zsa Zsa Padilla's rendition for the Afternoon Soap theme Magkano Ang Iyong Dangal? in 2010, in 2013 by Vice Ganda for the soundtrack of the Primetime series Huwag Ka Lang Mawawala, and in 2018, Jonalyn Viray (aka Jona), for the teleserye Asintado.
In 2000, she revived the Barry Manilow song "Somewhere Down The Road" for the Blockbuster Film "Minsan Minahal Kita" which also was included in the Original Motion Picture Soundtrack; and in 2002, her comeback platinum hit with Star Records "Huwag Ka Nang Magbabalik for the film Ngayong Nandito Ka and Jologs.
In 2002, Roselle was chosen as the interpreter for the song, Free, composed by Gino Torres. The demo version was recorded by Carol Banawa. But the composer chose Roselle to do the final and live version. It became as one of the finalists of ABS-CBN's JAM: Himig Handog sa Makabagong Kabataan. It also became the theme song of ABS-CBN's summer station ID in the same year.
Roselle Nava's last album with Star Records (ABS-CBN's recording outfit) All About Love achieved the Platinum Status but was never awarded to her. She moved to Viva Entertainment Agency and signed up for several projects. VIVA did not commercialise her artistry as her recent albums got no awards. The poor sales performance of her albums affected her singing career.
In 2010, Bakit Nga Ba Mahal Kita was also re-recorded by Laarni Lozada for the Afternoon Drama "Alyna"; and Kakai Bautista, Philippines' Dental Diva, as her carrier single for her debut album under Star Music in 2017.
Roselle's voice can be classified as soprano as her style is very similar with Regine Velasquez's singing prowess. She suffered from a throat virus which affected the brilliance of her voice. She was able to cope up through healing sessions and support of her fans.
In 2009, she was part of the talked-about successful concert entitled "Divas of the 90s", produced by VIVA Entertainment Company. Her co-performers were Geneva Cruz, Jessa Zaragoza, and Rachel Alejandro.
On February 13, 2016, she also had a successful concert with other OPM icons entitled LOVE THROWBACK held in PICC (Philippine International Convention Center).
On February 4, 2018, Roselle was given a tribute by ASAP as one of the OPM gems in the country. She sang her signature hits with ABS-CBN's homegrown talents. The tribute showed how she started as a prime diva of ABS-CBN and what's her life now. Roselle was awarded a plaque of recognition with her contribution to OPM. 
She married Allen Ford Tan on January 18, 2010, at the Manila Cathedral in Manila. They have two sons: Rafa and Ram.
Chuang Tse-Tung defeated Li Fu-Jung in the final, winning three sets to two to secure the title. It was the third consecutive win for Tse-Tung over Fu-Jung in World Championship finals.
He was a lecturer at the University of Manchester and later at University of Sheffield from 1917 until his retirement in 1940. He was elected to be a Fellow of the Royal Society (FRS) in 1922.
This article about a physicist of the United Kingdom is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Madhabdihi is a village in Raina II CD block in Bardhaman Sadar South subdivision of Purba Bardhaman district in the state of West Bengal, India.
95.54% of the population of Bardhaman Sadar South subdivision live in the rural areas. Only 4.46% of the population live in the urban areas, and that is the lowest proportion of urban population amongst the four subdivisions in Purba Bardhaman district. The map alongside presents some of the notable locations in the subdivision. All places marked in the map are linked in the larger full screen map.
As per the 2011 Census of India Madhabdihi had a total population of 2,584, of which 1,315 (51%) were males and 1,269 (49%) were females. Population below 6 years was 289. The total number of literates in Madhabdihi was 1,866 (81.31% of the population over 6 years).
Madhabdihi Rural Hospital at Madhabdihi, PO Chhoto-bainan (with 30 beds) is the main medical facility in Raina II CD block. There are primary health centres at Binodpur, PO Bajekamarpur (with 2 beds), Gotan (with 6 beds), Kaity (with 10 beds), Painta (with 4 beds) and Subaldaha, PO Barabainan (with 10 beds).
Amphientulus durumagi is a species of proturan in the family Acerentomidae. It is found in Southern Asia.
This biographical article relating to a United States baseball catcher born in the 1960s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
He was born on 3 June 1953 in Larkana, Sindh. His father Mohammad Ali Johar was a teacher and a Sindhi poet.
Lashari started his professional career in 1985 as Assistant Commissioner after passing the Federal Public Service Commission of Pakistan. He occupied administrative posts in various provinces of Pakistan. He retired in 2013, when he was Provincial secretary to the government of Sindh in the department of Antiquities.
Tassilo, then still a child, began his rule as a Frankish ward under the tutelage of his uncle, the Carolingian Mayor of the Palace Pepin the Short (later king) after Tassilo's father, Duke Odilo of Bavaria, had died in 748 and Pepin's half-brother Grifo had tried to seize the duchy for himself. Pepin removed Grifo and installed the young Tassilo as duke, but under Frankish overlordship.
A lost chronicle of Tassilo's reign was kept by his chancellor, Creontius. It was partially preserved in the 16th-century when Johannes Aventinus incorporated some of its material into his Bavarian history.
The Mysterious Caravan is Volume 54 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.
On a winter vacation in Jamaica, the Hardy Boys begin a dangerous adventure when an ancient bronze death mask is discovered near their beach house (where Frank comically loses and finds his underwear). The case takes them from Jamaica to their hometown of Bayport to Casablanca to Marrakesh. They meet William along the way, a kind African who is willing to help them uncover secrets of the mask, which they find out is Jamaican property.
Joe Hardy-The son of Fenton Hardy and a popular, hard-hitting detective. He solves cases with his brother, Frank.
Frank Hardy-The son of Fenton Hardy and a popular, hard-hitting detective. But unfortunately Frank had a lot of trust issues with Joe. He solves cases with his brother, Joe.
Chet Morton-Chet is Frank and Joe's plump friend. He helps them solve the case of the Mysterious Caravan.
William Ellis- a Jamaican who Joe and Frank meets while holidaying in Jamaica. He is kidnapped by Fenton's old enemies unless the Hardys and they can negotiate. William knows much of Jamaican history, including the mask's itself.
Fenton Hardy-Joe and Frank's father. Joe and Frank inherited his intellect and followed their father, but for their own reasons.
Gertrude Hardy-Fenton's sister. She has a knack for solving cases, identical to her brother and though proud of him and her nephews' abilities, lectures them about dangers of being detectives.
Christine Cellier-A unbelievably gorgeous, black-haired teen who is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Cellier. She helps the Hardys and Chet solve the Mysterious Caravan mystery.
This article about a children's novel of the 1970s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
See guidelines for writing about novels. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.
This article about a young adult novel of the 1970s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
See guidelines for writing about novels. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.
He participated for the second time in an international competition in the 2018 Junior World Weightlifting Championships which was held in Tashkent, Uzbekistan. At that time he was sixth with a total batch of 262 under the Egypt lifters, Ahmed Eltamadi and above the Turkey lifters, Ramazan Kara.
In 2020, he participated in the 2020 Asian Junior Weightlifting Championships in Tashkent, Uzbekistan and won a silver medal.
He will participate at the 2020 Asian Weightlifting Championships who will take place from 16 to 25 April 2021, who was postponed from 16 to 25 April 2020, because the COVID-19 pandemic.
Under Ottoman rule it was a little village south-west of Karaburun, a promontory on the Black Sea, and on the southern bank of Lake Derkos, the waters of which are brought to Constantinople by an aqueduct. There were about 300 inhabitants. In 1466, it was ruled directly by the Patriarch of Constantinople [Kambouroglou, Monuments for History of Athens (Gr.), II, 354]. It was not re-established until the beginning of the seventeenth century, when the titular resided at Therapia on the Bosporus.
In 1821, during the massacre that broke out in Constantinople, as a retaliation of the Greek War of Independence, the metropolitan bishop of Derkoi, Gregory, was among the Greek Orthodox upper clergy that was executed by the Ottoman authorities.
During the anti-Greek Istanbul pogrom, in September 1955, six churches under the jurisdiction of the metropolis of Derkoi were destroyed, while the remaining two church buildings were saved. Moreover, the metropolitan mansion was burnt to the ground by the fanatical mob. Latter, the site that once hosted the metropolitan mansion was appropriated by the Turkish authorities and, in 1958, a hotel was built.
Kelly attended Tecumseh Elementary School in suburban Syracuse, New York. When she was 9, her family moved to Delmar, New York, a suburb of Albany, where she attended Bethlehem Central High School. She obtained an undergraduate degree in political science from the Maxwell School of Citizenship and Public Affairs at Syracuse University in 1992 and earned a J.D. from Albany Law School in 1995.
Kelly was an associate in the Chicago office of law firm Bickel & Brewer LLP. In fall 1996, she co-wrote an article, Litigation, "The Conflicting Roles of Lawyer as Director", for the American Bar Association's journal. She later worked at Jones Day for nine years, where one of her clients was the credit bureau Experian.
Kelly left America Live in July 2013 and took maternity leave. On October 7, 2013, she began hosting a new nightly program, The Kelly File. The Kelly File was occasionally the channel's ratings leader, topping The O'Reilly Factor.
In June 2015, Kelly interviewed Jim Bob Duggar and Michelle Duggar of 19 Kids and Counting regarding their son Josh Duggar's alleged molestation of five girls in 2002. She later interviewed two of their daughters, Jill and Jessa. This show's Nielsen national estimates ratings of 3.09 million viewers, above its average 2.11 million, ranked with the 3.2 million for the Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 shootdown coverage and 7.3 million for the Ferguson riots coverage.
On June 2, 2017, Kelly interviewed Russian president Vladimir Putin, first in a panel discussion she moderated at the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum and later in a one-on-one interview for the premiere episode of NBC's Sunday Night with Megyn Kelly, which aired June 4, 2017. Kelly's daytime talk show, Megyn Kelly Today, premiered in September 2017.
Kelly announced the launch of Devil May Care Media, her media production company, on September 10, 2020, with a podcast, The Megyn Kelly Show. Its first episode premiered on September 28.
On July 6, 2021, it was announced that the podcast would move to Sirius XM on September 7, 2021, to broadcast weekdays at 12 noon ET on the talk radio channel Triumph, along with a video simulcast available to Sirius XM subscribers.
In February 2016, Kelly signed an agreement with HarperCollins to write an autobiography scheduled for release later that year, in a deal worth more than $10 million. The book, titled Settle for More, was released on November 15, 2016.
Bombshell, a 2019 film portraying Kelly's career at Fox News, was released on December 13, 2019. Kelly is played by Charlize Theron, with other cast members including Margot Robbie as Kayla Pospisil (a composite character), Nicole Kidman as Gretchen Carlson, Nazanin Boniadi as Rudi Bakhtiar and John Lithgow as Roger Ailes. The film follows events at Fox News in the lead up to Ailes resigning from the organization. Kelly said she was not consulted for the film's content.
Kelly married Daniel Kendall, an anesthesiologist, in 2001. The marriage ended in divorce in 2006. In 2008, she married Douglas Brunt, who was then president and CEO of the cybersecurity firm Authentium, and who became a full-time writer and novelist. They have three children, son Yates (b. 2009), daughter Yardley (b. 2011), and son Thatcher (b. 2013).
Politically, Kelly identifies as an independent, and told Variety in 2015 that she has voted for both Democrats and Republicans.
On October 12, 2016, Kelly stated in a segment on her show with Fox News commentator Julie Roginsky that she is a lifelong Catholic.
Sean Geoffrey Clingeleffer (born 9 May 1980) is an Australian former cricketer who played for Tasmania.  He plays his club cricket for North Hobart Cricket Club.
This biographical article related to an Australian cricket player born in the 1980s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Pontardawe Rugby Football club is a rugby union club based in Pontardawe, a small town in the valley of the River Tawe in  Wales.
The club has in the past had a successful junior section which provided age group rugby with fully qualified coaches from 7 through to 16, although at the moment, in line with the national trend of a decline in rugby participation, only have teams at Under 7, 13 and 14. 
As players move on from junior/youth rugby many other clubs, included premiership teams, have had the benefit of the early development of these players by Pontardawe.
Over the years Pontardawe RFC has produced a number of first-class rugby players and coaches. In 2007 they celebrated their 125th year of being a Welsh Rugby Union member club.
In May 2006 Pontardawe RFC were one of the 13 'Rebel' clubs who brought a vote of no confidence against the Welsh Rugby Union, which centered on financing and the handling of former coach Mike Ruddock's departure. The vote failed heavily with only 20 votes for the motion and over 300 against.
As have many other clubs Pontardawe RFC have recently sold vintage rugby memorabilia to raise funds to improve facilities at the club.
Maaike Polspoel (born 28 March 1989 in Vilvoorde) is a Belgian road bicycle racer. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Women's road race, finishing 29th.
This biographical article related to a Belgian cyclist born in the 1980s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
In April 1944 he, Adrienne and Albert were taken to the Drancy internment camp, then transferred to Auschwitz, where he was put to death on arrival. Adrienne followed shortly after. Possibly due to his profession, Albert survived.
Megachile auripubens is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae. It was described by Rebmann in 1970.
Siberian Lady Macbeth (Orig. Sibirska Ledi Magbet), also translated as Fury Is a Woman, is a 1962 film directed by Andrzej Wajda, based on the novella Lady Macbeth of the Mtsensk District by Nikolai Leskov.
Ale is a small village residing  on intersection of Nagar-kalyan highway and Pune-Nashik highway in Junnar Taluka of Pune District of Maharashtra state in India
The intersection of National Highway 50 and National Highway 222, hence it is a very important market place.
A village named Ale is near from alephata. The land of Ale is holy by the visit of saint Dnyaneshwar who wrote famous Hindu granth Dyaneshwari. About educational richness; the area is surrounded by schools, college having all general streams which includes B.A, BCom, BSc, and other specialization including BCA, BCS, BHMS, Engineering & Pharmacy offering both Diploma and Degree.
 Francis Fulford (born 31 August 1952) is a British reality TV personality. He is a member of the United Kingdom's landed gentry, and the 23rd Fulford to have owned and inhabited Great Fulford manor house.
Fulford is Lord of the Manor of Great Fulford. He is the current owner of the estate which was granted to his ancestor William de Fulford by Richard I of England about 1191, as a reward for military service on the Third Crusade. The present great house dates back to the 16th century.
Since 2004 he has maintained an ongoing career in reality television, appearing in various entertainment and documentary-style programmes, many of which (such as The F***ing Fulfords) make a feature of his casual swearing, prejudices, and traditionalist views.
In 2007 he attempted a move into local politics, standing for a seat on Teignbridge District Council as a member of the Conservative Party. He was defeated, gaining 370 votes out of an electorate of 2215. In all previous local elections, the Conservative Party candidate(s) had been elected easily. The Teign Valley is currently (2020) represented by two Conservative Party councillors on the Teignbridge District Council.
Wimple Winch  was an English psychedelic pop band that evolved from the group, Just Four Men. Originally a Merseybeat act, their individualized sound was personalized by their intricate vocal harmonies and exploratory lyrics.
William Howard Kershaw, Jr. (born December 15, 1983) is a former American football linebacker who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the Kansas City Chiefs as an undrafted free agent in 2006. He played college football at Maryland.
Kershaw has also been a member of the Philadelphia Eagles, Houston Texans, Denver Broncos and New Orleans Saints.
 Kywegyo  is a village in Bhamo Township in Bhamo District in the Kachin State of north-eastern Burma.
This biographical article related to Filipino boxing is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Neanderthal Parallax is a trilogy of novels written by Robert J. Sawyer and published by Tor. It depicts the effects of the opening of a connection between two versions of Earth in different parallel universes: the world familiar to the reader, and another where Neanderthals became the dominant intelligent hominid. The societal, spiritual and technological differences between the two worlds form the focus of the story.
The trilogy's volumes are Hominids (published 2002), Humans (2003), and Hybrids (2003). Hominids first appeared as a serial in Analog Science Fiction, won the 2003 Hugo Award for Best Novel, and was nominated for the John W. Campbell Award the same year; Humans was a 2004 Hugo Award finalist. In 2017, the full trilogy was presented the Aurora Award for Best of the Decade.
The initial contact between the two worlds takes place at the Sudbury Neutrino Observatory in Sudbury, Ontario, which is also the location of a scientific research facility in the Neanderthal world.
The barast world has a single government hierarchy: each region of the globe is governed by a local Gray Council; these in turn answer to the High Gray Council, the world government.
Any serious crime has a single punishment: the castration of the offender and all others who share at least half his genes (parents, siblings, and children). This eugenic practice serves to keep any undesirable elements out of the gene pool without severely punishing an offender, beyond his loss of genetic heritage.
Barast do not have a monetary economy. Each person is given what they need when they need it, and in turn is expected to work at providing a meaningful 'contribution' to society. No barast would ever dream of attempting to take more than they need from society, and because of their stable population, there are no issues with scarcity (the population level was stabilized at the point it was in order to prevent such issues from even developing).
Barast medicine has become largely automated, and most doctors, aside from first aid (excepting researchers), simply operate and maintain this technology. This technology is highly robust and is able to be adapted to Gliksin physiology fairly quickly after contact. 
Citizens Union is an American good government group. Founded in 1897 as a political party, the group was reconstituted in 1908 as a nonpartisan member organization with the broad mission of serving "as a watchdog for the public interest and an advocate for the common good."
Citizens Union was founded by New York City citizens concerned about the growing influence of the Democratic Party political machine Tammany Hall. One of the founders was Laurence A. Tanzer, who stayed involved with the organization until his death in 1963, aged 88. One of its vice presidents was Dana Converse Backus. The organization helped to elect New York's first reform mayor, Seth Low, in 1901.
Today, Citizens Union continues to act as a government watchdog organization, with campaigns that focus on voting rights and poll workers, campaign finance reform and government accountability. Its current Executive Director is Betsy Gotbaum. 
The Citizens Union Foundation, a nonprofit organization affiliated with Citizens Union, publishes the Gotham Gazette.
Abud was born in Aleppo, Syria to a family of rabbis, his father Rabbi Avraham Abud, and his grandfather Rabbi Eliyahu Abud. In his youth, he studied the Torah, Halakhha, and poetry of Baqashot, among the rabbis of Aleppo.
In 1907, he relocated to Buenos Aires to serve as a cantor (Hazzan) and a school teacher in the Jewish community of the city. In 1929 he came and settled in Jerusalem and founded the Talmud Torah "Nezer Aharon" in the city. He also established and managed a fund loan for the residents of Jerusalem and supported financially at Yeshivat Porat Yosef in the city.
He was greatly influenced by Arab maqam music and he wrote lyrics Arabic melodies. These melodies were assimilated in the melodies of prayer among the Sephardi Jews. Wrote piyyut and gathered the poetry of Baqashot to a book "Shirayi Zimra Ha-Shalem" and was one of the founders of the shirat h- Baqashot custom on shabbat in Jerusalem.
Rabbi abud taught maqam and piyyut on a volunteer basis until old age. The most famous of his students is Rabbi Ovadia Yosef among others the cantors Moshe Habusha and Yehiel Nahari.
Abud and his wife, Leah, had 12 children. He died in Jerusalem on 7 June 1977. After his death, the Jerusalem City Council decided to honor his memory and named the street where he lived in his name.
In the 2001 International Film Festival (in Badalona) Seyfi won the Best actor award for the short 1999 film The Cookie Thief.
This article about a German film and television actor is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about a location in Lincoln County, Wisconsin is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about a location in Oneida County, Wisconsin is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Weaver was born in Lancaster, Ohio in 1909 and died at his home in San Clemente, California, age 68.
After many years of dedication to research of MS treatment and strong support for recruiting young investigators, Dr. Weaver's accomplishments were honored by the NMSS through the awarding of the Harry Weaver Neuroscience Scholar Award. This award is offered to researchers who have completed their MS training and are beginning their work in MS research. The award include salary and research funding for a period of five years and is commonly given through universities.
San Francesco is a gothic-style, former Roman Catholic church located in Montefalco, Province of Perugia, region of Umbria, Italy. The church and adjacent Franciscan convent now functions as the civic art museum.
The convent also has works by Francesco Melanzio from Montefalco. The museum also displays frescoes from the followers of Alunno and Antoniazzo Romano. Archeological findings and marble gravestone fragments are displayed in the Crypt.
It is currently their second highest selling album, with a total of 515,400 copies sold. Since their last album (with new material) 3rd: Love Paradise, two more generations of members had joined, which might have contributed to the album's overall success. The album contained such popular singles as "The Peace!" and "Ren'ai Revolution 21." The first pressing edition of the album came in special packaging, with a B3-sized folded poster.
The 2019 Nigerian Senate election in Kano State held on February 23, 2019, to elect members of the Nigerian Senate to represent Kano State. Ibrahim Shekarau representing Kano Central, Jibrin I Barau representing Kano North and Kabiru Ibrahim Gaya representing Kano south all won on the platform of All Progressives Congress.
A total of 30 candidates registered with the Independent National Electoral Commission to contest in the election. APC candidate Ibrahim Shekarau won the election, defeating PDP candidate Madaki Aliyu Sani and 28 other party candidates. Shekarau received 61.60% of the votes, while Aliyu Sani received 33.68%
A total of 28 candidates registered with the Independent National Electoral Commission to contest in the election. APC candidate Jibrin I Barau won the election, defeating PDP candidate Ahmed Garba Bichi and 26 other party candidates. Barau received 61.37% of the votes, while Garba Bichi received 33.35%
A total of 28 candidates registered with the Independent National Electoral Commission to contest in the election. APC candidate  Kabiru Ibrahim Gaya won the election, defeating PDP candidate Abdullahi Sani Rogo and 26 other party candidates. Gaya received 55.39% of the votes, while Rogo received 37.77%
Quercus marilandica, the blackjack oak, is a small oak, one of the red oak group Quercus sect. Lobatae. It is native to the eastern and central United States, from Long Island to Florida, west as far as Texas, Oklahoma, and Nebraska. There are reports of a few isolated populations in southern Michigan, but these appear to represent introductions.
It is sometimes an understory tree in pine stands on sandy knolls in the southeastern US. Along the coastal plain of New Jersey the probability of finding this species is increased in relatively sunny, open areas such as those near coastal salt marshes. It often occurs near scarlet and post oaks as well as pitch pine; understory companions include winged sumac, bracken, sweetfern, and bayberry, and can be found as far north as parts of Ohio and New York.
The wood is very dense and produces a hot flame when burned, which functions as an excellent source of heat for barbecues and wood-burning stoves. However, the wood is not desirable for wood fireplaces because the heat causes popping, thereby increasing the risk of house fires.
This biographical article about a football midfielder from Uruguay born in the 1970s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This is a list of games for the Commodore 64 personal computer system, sorted alphabetically. See Lists of video games for other platforms.
Pavlensky's "events" are inspired in part by Pussy Riot, as demonstrated in Seam, and follow in the tradition of artists such as Chris Burden, the Viennese Actionists, and Moscow Actionists Oleg Kulik and Alexander Brener, Fluxus and Joseph Beuys.
Pavlensky and Oksana Shalygina founded an independent online newspaper Political Propaganda in 2012, which was dedicated to contemporary art in political contexts, "overcoming cultural chauvinism, implemented by the government", feminism and gender equality.
Seam is said to reference David Wojnarowicz's actions in Rosa von Praunheim's documentary Silence = Death (1990), in which Wojnarowicz had sewn his own lips shut in protest of the Reagan administration's lack of action against the AIDS epidemic.
On November 14, 2012, Reuters published its list of the 98 best photos of the year which included Seam.
On November 10, 2013, while sitting naked on the stone pavement in front of Lenin's Mausoleum on the Red Square, Moscow, Pavlensky hammered a large nail through his scrotum, affixing it to the stone pavement. His political art event coincided with the annual Russian Police Day. When the police arrived, they covered him with a blanket and later arrested him.
"A naked artist, looking at his testicles nailed to the cobblestone is a metaphor of apathy, political indifference, and fatalism of Russian society," declared Pavlensky in his statement to the media.
On February 23, 2014, Pavlensky organized an event called Freedom inspired by Maidan and the 2014 Ukrainian revolution. The artist and his friends built an imitation barricade on Tripartite Bridge in Saint Petersburg, burned tires, and beat drums. The event was interrupted by Saint Petersburg police who arrested Pavlensky and his colleagues.
On October 19, 2014, Pavlensky cut off his earlobe with a chef's knife while sitting naked on the roof of the infamous Serbsky Center to make visible political abuse of psychiatry in Russia. This art event was an homage to Van Gogh.
The criminal case against Pavlensky was opened on November 9, 2015 under the "vandalism" section of Article 214 of the Russian criminal code. He was held in a psychiatric ward for a few weeks, and spent seven months in prison waiting for his trial.
According to gallerist Marat Gelman, the action shows Pavlensky's "obvious symbolism". "The Lubyanka door is the gate of hell, the entrance into the world of absolute evil. And against the backdrop of hellfire is a lonely artist, waiting to be captured ... Pavlensky's figure at the door of the FSB in flames - very important symbol for today's Russia, both political and artistic."
On 8 June 2016, the Moscow criminal court declared Pavlensky guilty of vandalism and sentenced him to a fine of 500,000 rubles, which Pavlensky refused to pay.
On 13 August 2016, Pavlensky gave a lecture in Odessa, Ukraine which ended with the inebriated Ukrainian journalist and screenwriter Vladimir Nestrenko instigating a fight that ended with his stabbing one of two security guards who tried to subdue him. The second of the two security guards suffered a fatal heart attack after the incident.
In 2020, Pavlensky innovated with a new political art event called "Pornopolitics" for which he launched a website presented as "the first political porn platform". This action aims to expose the lies of civil servants, politicians, representatives of power who "impose puritanism on society while despising it".
On February 12, the artist published intimate videos and sexually connoted messages sent by the deputy and Paris mayoral candidate Benjamin Griveaux to a woman. Pavlensky explained that this material demonstrates "the hypocrisy" of the candidate who campaigned by putting forward "traditional family values". Benjamin Griveaux then withdrew from the mayoral elections. Pornopolitique.com was taken offline three days after the event.
Pavlensky was arrested and placed in police custody with his partner Alexandra de Taddeo who was the recipient of the sexually explicit content.
In 2012, Pavlensky participated in the alumni and students art exhibition Oculus Two organized by the Pro Arte Foundation.
In 2013, in front of the State Hermitage Museum in Saint Petersburg, he organized a street art exhibition titled Ghosts of Identity, which came as a project of his Political Propaganda periodical.
In 2017, Pavlensky participated in Art Riot at the Saatchi Gallery in London. This exhibition ranks among the top 10 of most popular contemporary art exhibitions of the year.
In 2018, his work is exposed as part of the exhibition Us or Chaos at BPS22 and Talking about a revolution at 22Visconti.
Pavlensky was also nominated for Russia's "Innovation" art prize in 2016, but was later barred by the National Centre for Contemporary Art on the grounds that he had broken the law, prompting four members of the jury to leave in protest.
As in The Newsroom, George Findlay (Ken Finkleman) is the protagonist of More Tears, as a documentary producer, who manipulated his subjects in order to create better television drama.  In the final installment, Findlay abandoned the documentary form to film a satire of the neo-conservative government of Mike Harris, the Premier of Ontario. The programme also explored the personal life of George Findlay, his unhappy marriage, and his unhappy extra-marital affairs.
The European qualification for the 2015 FIVB Volleyball Men's U21 World Championship, in Mexico will be played over two rounds. 
In the first round of qualification, 21 teams are split into six pools. The pool winners will qualify for the second round and join the champions and the runners-up of the 2014 U20 European Championship already secured in the second round.
Greenway, also referred to as New Inn, is a hamlet on the southern slopes of the Preseli Mountains in Pembrokeshire, Wales. It sits on the crossroads between the B4329 old Cardigan to Haverfordwest turnpike and the B4313 road between Fishguard and Narberth and is the site of a former inn serving travellers on these routes, now a private dwelling. Greenway is in the parish of Morvil and the community of Puncheston, and the nearest village is Rosebush.
Ann Wannemacher was born in 1948 in Morrison, Illinois, to Rita and Rudolph Wannemacher of Hooppole.
Nardulli joined the university's lab run by Benita Katzenellenbogen, and eventually became a professor of the Department of Molecular and Integrative Physiology with her own lab, teaching and studying the effects of estrogen in women.
 Nardulli's work concentrated on the specifics of estrogen activities, including the proteins it binds with, and the mechanisms that the hormone uses to manipulate chromatin and DNA. According to Katzenellenbogen,
Among the research topics explored by her team were the plasma membrane proteins and their effect on breast cancer cells as well as the proteins that these cells secrete. Later research focused on the brain and estrogen action in it.
At the university, Nardulli "was particularly fond of spending time with the Hormone Chixx, a group of women from across campus who studied the effects of hormones in the body. She discovered that introducing students to the wonders of human physiology and endocrinology was extremely rewarding and was recognized for her teaching excellence."
As an active member of the Endocrine Society, she served as "chair of the Advocacy and Public Outreach Core Committee and visited Washington, D.C., numerous times to meet with legislators on Capitol Hill and lobby for increased scientific research funding." She was also a member of the society's Scientific Statements Task Force and a member of the editorial board for the academic journal Endocrine Reviews and Molecular Endocrinology.
The World Group II was the second highest level of Fed Cup competition in 2013. Four of the winners advanced to the World Group Play-offs, and the losing nations resorted to the World Group II Play-offs.
Arizabalo moved to Puerto Rico, beginning his military career there with Artillery commander. In Puerto Rico went to Santo Domingo in 1809 to fight the French.
From Puerto Rico he returns to Venezuela between 1827 and 1829 and organized a guerrilla with the title of commanding general of the royalist troops Costa Firme. With little or no support from the Spanish fleet of Caribbean of Angel Laborde, ruled by Miguel de la Torre in Puerto Rico, finally on August 18, 1829, without any hope of success, and after spending many hardships, Joseph Arizabalo capitulates to republican General Lorenzo Bustillos, being reshipped in La Guaira.
Philips was featured in the book North Shore Chronicles and was in the film Blue Crush.[citation needed]
Philips was appointed in 2005 to a four-year term on the Hawaii State Commission on the Status of Women by the Governor of the State of Hawaii.[citation needed]
The Syriac Catholic Eparchy of Our Lady of Deliverance is a Syriac Catholic Church ecclesiastical territory or eparchy of the Catholic Church in the United States. The territory of the eparchy encompasses the entire United States. Its cathedral is St. Joseph Syriac Catholic Cathedral, in Bayonne, New Jersey, near the episcopal see of Newark. Bishop Yousif Benham Habash has led the eparchy since April 2010.
Until 1995, Syriac Catholic congregations in the United States and Canada were under the ordinary jurisdiction of the local Latin Church bishops.
On November 6, 1995, Pope John Paul II erected the Eparchy of Our Lady of Deliverance, immediately subject to the Holy See, and appointed bishop Joseph Younan as the first eparch, with his see at Newark, New Jersey.
In 2009, Bishop Younan was elected as Primate of the Syriac Catholic Church and Patriarch of Antioch and all the East of the Syriacs. In 2010, Pope Benedict XVI appointed Bishop Yousif Benham Habash as the second eparch.
On 7 January 2016, it lost its (southeastern) Canadian territory (then five communities in Ontario and Quebec provinces) to the newly erected Syriac Catholic Apostolic Exarchate for Canada.
The degree of Li force one can employ in kung fu depends on several variables such as resilience of muscles, strength of bones, speed and timing of attack and so on.  An effective way to enhance the Li force is to exercise one's muscles and bones by applying increasing pressure on them (weight training, gym exercises, etc.).  The stronger one's muscles and bones become, the more powerful and skillful the level of kung fu is.
On the other hand, the level of the Neijing force depends on the extent one can exercise over one's will power to release an inner qi energy. Within the framework of Chinese martial arts, every person is believed to possess the inborn energy of qi. Martial artists can harness the force of qi so that it is strong enough to be applied in combat. When qi is being directed by one's will, it is called Neijing.
The kung fu component of Li force is limited by one's physical condition. When a person passes his/her prime age, one's kung fu ability will pass the optimum level, too. The degree of kung fu will decline when muscles and bones are not as strong as they used to be. On the other hand, the kung fu aspect of Neijing is said to continually grow as long as one lives.
Neijing trainees are often reminded to refrain from using the Li force, because the energy of Neijing will be locked and blocked whenever the Li force is applied. So, Neijing and Li are said to be mutually exclusive.
The AC 3000ME was based on a prototype called the Diablo built by the Bohanna Stables company and shown at the London Racing Car Show in 1972.
Peter Bohanna was an automotive body structures engineer. His experience included working with fibreglass structures as a boat engineer and a stint with Ford's Advanced Vehicle Operations in the UK doing bodywork for the Ford GT40. In late 1967 Bohanna was at Lola cars working on the T70, where he met Robin Stables, who prior to his arrival at Lola had been a racing mechanic and Lotus dealer.
Bohanna Stables had sought interest from both AC and TVR before the Diablo was shown at the Racing Car Show, but neither company committed to the project. After the car's debut  AC's Keith Judd drove the Diablo to the company's Thames Ditton headquarters and convinced AC owner Derek Hurlock to take the project on.
AC acquired the rights to the Bohanna Stables Diablo design and assigned two of their engineers, Alan Turner and Bill Wilson, to develop it into a production car. AC also hired Bohanna and Stables to consult on the redesign. The Diablo's steel tubing spaceframe was completely re-engineered. A new engine had to be found for the car, as British Leland expected to need all of the E-series engines produced at their Cofton Hackett factory for their own models. The substitute chosen was a Ford V6.
Several pre-production prototypes were built, with their number variously reported as eight, nine or eleven cars.
As early as August 1975 AC was planning to offer a turbocharged version. The forced induction system was originally expected to be supplied by Broadspeed.
The chassis of the 3000ME was a perimeter frame whose central tub was made of folded sheet steel with an integrated roll-over bar. Some reviews of the car call the central tub a monocoque. Subframes were fitted at the front and rear. Bodywork was of glass-reinforced plastic (GRP). Weight distribution was 40/60 front/rear.
The transmission was a 5-speed manual that, like the engine, was installed transversely. The transmission was an AC design, using an aluminium case produced by AC and a gear-set from Hewland. The engine drove the transmission via a triplex chain supplied by Renold. The driver selected gears with a Ferrari-like gated gearchange.
The 3000ME was equipped with electric windows, a sunshine roof panel, Pilkington Sundym laminated glass, an adjustable steering column, and a radio with a powered antenna.
Former racing driver and Ford technical sales specialist John Parsons and Ecosse Technical Director Aubrey Woods purchased the assets of AC (Scotland) with plans to resume production of the 3000ME. By this time the name and intellectual property of the original AC Cars had been bought by Brian Angliss of Autokraft, so Parsons and Woods incorporated their company as the Ecosse Car Company Ltd., and renamed the car the Ecosse Signature. The company was based in Knebworth, Hertfordshire.
The exterior of the Ecosse Signature was restyled by Peter Stevens. Working from the AC (Scotland) Mark II prototype, the Alfa V6 powertrain was removed and a turbocharged Fiat Twin Cam engine and transmission from the Fiat Croma were substituted.
AC provided Ghia with two cars, one completely assembled and one rolling chassis, on the condition that they would be able to display the car at the 1981 Geneva Motor Show. The complete 3000ME left Thames Ditton on 16 October and arrived in Turin 4 days later, leaving 4 months for the work to be completed.
The aerodynamic shape of the car allowed it to record a drag coefficient (     c   d      {\displaystyle c_{\mathrm {d} }}  ) of just 0.30. Some references report that the original Essex V6 was replaced by a Cologne V6, but was still mated to a 5-speed manual transaxle.
The car remained on the showcar circuit until 1986. It appears to have been sold at auction by Ford in 2002 for a price of $45,825 and remained in private collections after that. It was sold again at auction in January 2014.
Chassis 119 was progressively converted into a "Lightweight" special suitable for use in hill climbs and sprints. Much of the conversion work, which included first a single- then twin-turbo engine upgrades, was done by Robin Rew. The car was later returned to a road-legal state, but kept many of the performance upgrades. This car appeared on the cover of the September 1986 edition of Sports Car Monthly magazine.
Chassis 156 was imported to Australia, where it was converted for rally use. Extensive work was done to prepare the car for racing, including adding an F.I.A.-compliant roll cage, and complete overhauls of both the suspension and engine. Consideration was also given to using the car on the Historic racing circuit.
A special tube-frame car with a heavily modified 3000ME body was built for the Supersports series. This car is powered by a Cosworth BDA engine driving through a Hewland transaxle. It was featured in the February 1992 issue of Cars and Car Conversions magazine.
Alessandro Golinucci (born 10 October 1994 in San Marino) is a Sammarinese footballer who plays for Tropical Coriano of the Italian lower leagues and the San Marino national football team.
Having been at Tropical Coriano for over three seasons, Golinucci expressed appeasement with his situation there, forming a good relationship with his teammates and staff.
This biographical article relating to Sammarinese association football is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
 Martin Lee  (born 13 January 1978) is an English former professional tennis player. Born in London, he resides in Maidenhead, Berkshire.
Lee was a promising junior, reaching No. 1 in the world junior rankings. In 1995 he won the Boys Doubles at Wimbledon. A left-hander, he turned pro in 1996. He struggled with constant knee and groin problems throughout his career, which eventually forced his retirement from the professional circuit in November 2006.
Lee won two of his three matches for Great Britain in the Davis Cup, however these were only dead rubbers. Lee lost his only live match against Thailand's Paradorn Srichaphan in straight sets.
 Saint Patrick for Ireland is a Caroline era stage play, written by James Shirley and first published in 1640. It is notable as an early development in Irish theatre.
Forsythe notes significant parallels in structure and characterization with the Dekker/Massinger play The Virgin Martyr, among other works of the era.
Lechytia is a genus of pseudoscorpions in the subfamily Lechytiinae within the family Chthoniidae. It is the sole genus in its subfamily and contains 22 described species from many parts of the world.
"Behind the Laughter" is the twenty-second and final episode of the eleventh season of the American animated television series The Simpsons. It first aired on the Fox network in the United States on May 21, 2000. In the episode, a parody of the VH1 series Behind the Music, the Simpsons are portrayed as actors on a sitcom, and their dramatic inner turmoil and struggles are detailed. Told in a mockumentary format, the episode presents a fictional version of how The Simpsons began.
The episode was directed by Mark Kirkland and written by Tim Long, George Meyer, Mike Scully and Matt Selman. The idea was pitched by Long, and the writers wrote the episode quickly without a draft. VH1 and the producers of Behind the Music allowed the crew to use the show's visual graphics package, and Behind the Music narrator Jim Forbes recorded narrations. In addition, country musician Willie Nelson guest stars as himself.
The episode received critical acclaim, with many reviewers noting it as a highlight of the season and the series itself, and won an Emmy Award for Outstanding Animated Program (For Programming less than One Hour) in 2000. In addition, composer Alf Clausen won an Annie Award for "Outstanding Individual Achievement for Music in an Animated Television Production".
In May 2004, the BBC chose it as the last episode to be aired, having lost the terrestrial broadcasting rights in February 2002, to Channel 4, who later aired the series in November 2004.
The episode contains many references and allusions to Behind the Music, and one line the staff thought was humorous was pulled straight from the actual series.
The episode was ranked as the fourth best The Simpsons episode by askmen.com. In 2012, Johnny Dee of The Guardian listed the episode as one of his five favorite episodes in the history of The Simpsons, noting The Simpsons is "good at self-parody". The Simpsons writing staff voted this in their list of Top 15 Simpsons episode becoming the newest episode in the list. Screen Rant called it the best episode of the 11th season.
Until 1991, the office was named Ministry for Industry. However, the official name since then is Ministry for Enterprise and Innovation. Since 2014, the minister has been especially responsible for business, industry, enterprise and innovation. This includes small and medium-sized businesses, state-owned enterprises and industrial policy.
The current Minister for Business, Industry and Innovation is Ibrahim Baylan from the Social Democrats who holds the office since 21 January 2019.
Morals at Midnight (German: Moral um Mitternacht) is a 1930 German romance film directed by Marc Sorkin and starring Gustav Diessl, Camilla Horn and Vladimir Sokoloff.
This article related to a German film of the 1930s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
"Maniac" is a song performed by American girl group Girlicious. Released as the second single from their second album, Rebuilt. It officially impacted Canadian radio on March 23, 2010. It was released to iTunes Canada on April 6, 2010. Maniac" reached number seventy-four on the Canadian Hot 100. It performed best on the Serbian Top 50 singles where it charted for eleven weeks and reached a peak of eleven.
"Maniac" was written by Brent Paschke, Drew Ryan Scott & Joacim Persson. Natalie Mejia explained the main concept behind the song saying, "It is just about a love that kind of drives you crazy. You know how love can be. It is a universal law". Nichole Cordova later added, "We've all been through that crazy love, so that's what the song is about."
The single was performed for the first time on March 12 at CHUM FM FanFest 2010. On 4 June 2010, they performed the single at Toronto Pride.
On March 22, 2010 a 1:30 clip of the song premiered on the girl's official website and Myspace. A day later on March 23, 2010 the song was sent to top 40 Canadian radio stations for mainstream radio play. The single was digitally released to iTunes Canada on April 6, 2010.
On the week of May 25, 2010 "Maniac" entered and peaked on the Canadian Hot 100 at number seventy-four. It remained on the chart for two weeks. On the Serbian Top 50 singles, the song charted for eleven weeks and reached a peak of number eleven.
On Portal PopLine MTV Brazil, the "Maniac" video became the most requested and watched video ever, with more than 200 000 views.
Yoshiyuki Saito (born April 9, 1970) is a Japanese professional wrestler best known by his ring name Super Shisa, currently wrestling for Dragon Gate. His gimmick is inspired by the Ryukyuan Shisa. He claimed to be a student of Toryumon alumni Saito, but was outed as being Saito himself in 2007.
He would continue to be a top line player in early Toryumon, and would rename to Saito. In the spring of 2000, he and fellow Toryumon participant Chocoball KOBE would wrestle in Pro Wrestling Kageki. Saito would win the Hakata City Jr Heavyweight Title in a tournament, defeating Daiyu Kawuchi in the final round.
He abruptly announced his retirement in late 2001, and stated that his first student, Super Shisa, would take his place. Saito would be given a "Sayonara Saito" series of matches by Toryumon. His record in the series was 0-5-1, the draw being a double countout against Yasushi Kanda. His final match as Saito would be a loss to Shuji Kondo on 10/28/2001.
Shisa then aligned with Magnum Tokyo's PosHearts unit. PosHearts would go on hiatus due to an injury to Tokyo, and Shisa spent the latter part of 2005 and much of 2006 teaming with King Shisa, and occasionally with Dragon Gate dojo student Shisa Boy. The team broke up when King Shisa was outed as being Mexican heel Pentagon Black, and reverted to that gimmick.
Towards the end of 2006, PosHearts would reunite, and Shisa would win his first title in Toryumon / Dragon Gate, winning the Open the Triangle Gate titles with stablemates BxB Hulk and Anthony W. Mori. The success was short-lived, as PosHearts lost the titles to the Muscle Outlaw'z, and then lost a follow up match forcing them to disband as a stable. It was during this match that Shisa was outed as being Saito; damage to the mask and blood loss forced him to voluntarily demask.
Since the dissolution of PosHearts, Shisa has remained unaligned and wrestling low on the card. He is a trainer in the Dragon Gate dojo, and focuses primarily on those duties. While wrestling on the main roster, Shisa aligns with the "Mushozoku" Unit, a group of older wrestlers including Masaaki Mochizuki, K-ness and Magnitude Kishiwada. Aside from Dragon Gate, Shisa spends time in various smaller Japanese independent promotions.
On February 27, 2010, his ranking in the promotion improved significantly when he defeated K-ness to become the Open the Brave Gate Champion. He held the title for just under two months before losing it to Tigers Mask of Osaka Pro Wrestling.
Other wrestlers with a Shisa gimmick have appeared in Dragon Gate, aligned with Super Shisa. One of the current dojo students is Shisa Boy. Mexican wrestler Pentagon Black spent several months in Dragon Gate as King Shisa. Introduced as the leader of the Shisa clan, King Shisa was pushed further than Super Shisa ever was, even going so far as to get a Dream Gate title shot. He was eventually outed as being Pentagon Black by the Muscle Outlaw'z, and joined them.
This biographical article related to Romanian football is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Pontoetoe is a village in the Sipaliwini District of Suriname, situated on the banks of the Tapanahony River. The village is close to Paloemeu, and can be reached by air using the Vincent Fayks Airport.
"Rhinestone Eyes" is a song from British alternative rock virtual band Gorillaz featured on their third studio album, Plastic Beach.
The song was initially intended to receive a full release as the fourth single from Plastic Beach, with copies of the physical single being sent to radio stations across the United States. However, just days after the copies were issued, the band made the decision to issue non-album single "Doncamatic" instead.
The band performed the song live for the first time at the Wedgewood Rooms in Portsmouth, on 21 March 2010. The song was performed at all the shows of their Escape to Plastic Beach World Tour, held between October and December 2010. The band recorded a live set for the Late Show with David Letterman on 8 October 2010. The set was released on the show's webcast, with "Rhinestone Eyes" being played on the main show.
Gorillaz also performed the song at the shows of their subsequent tours Humanz Tour (2017-2018) and The Now Now Tour (2018).
A fan-made video featuring a fully animated, full-colour rendering of the aforementioned official storyboard was released on 31 August 2017 by South African-born Dutch American freelance animator Richard Van As. The video was received positively by the official Gorillaz YouTube channel in the comments section of the video.
  The annual meeting of parishioners (also referred to as the annual vestry meeting) is held yearly in every parish of the Church of England to elect churchwardens and deputies (if any) for the forthcoming year. The meeting must be held by 31 May and is commonly held immediately prior to the annual meeting of the parochial church council. It is the last remnant of the old vestry meeting.
Since this is a public meeting, notice must be given in writing with the minimum period of two Sundays before the date of the meeting and the notice must be displayed publicly.
The meeting is convened and chaired by the minister (usually the incumbent or priest-in-charge), or if there is no minister or if she or he is unable or unwilling to chair the meeting, the churchwardens convene, and the meeting elects a chairman.
The ship, along with the rest of the Argentine navy is poorly maintained maintenance and has inadequate staff training due to a lack of funding and import restrictions. In 2003, the ship fired on a friendly Brazilian warship during a joint training exercise. In 2012, the Almirante Brown class were short of spare parts and suffering engine problems, plus all their ordnance was past its expiry date.
Squadron Leader Shikha Subas Pandey (born 12 May 1989) is an Indian cricketer and officer in the Indian Air Force (IAF). She plays for the national cricket team as a right-arm medium pacer and middle-order batter, and is an IAF air traffic control officer.
Pandey made her international Twenty20 (T20) debut on 9 March 2014 against Bangladesh at Cox's Bazar cricket stadium in Bangladesh. In August of the same year, she made her One Day International cricket (ODI) and Test cricket debuts against England at Wormsley and Scarborough, respectively.
However, she did not let her focus on game affect her academic performance. She particularly credits Ujwala Phadte, her lecturer in Applied Mathematics for helping her throughout this phase and making sure her grades were not inversely proportional to her on-field performance.
After completing her engineering degree from Goa College of Engineering in 2010, three multinational companies offered her opportunities, but she declined all these placement offers and decided to take a year off and focus on her cricketing career completely. In July 2011, she joined Indian Air Force, and in June 2012 was commissioned as an air traffic controller. At the time of the 2020 ICC Women's T20 World Cup, she held the rank of Squadron Leader.
Pandey was part of the Indian team to reach the final of the 2017 Women's Cricket World Cup where the team lost to England by nine runs. In January 2020, she was named in India's squad for the 2020 ICC Women's T20 World Cup in Australia. In May 2021, she was named in India's Test squad for their one-off match against the England women's cricket team.
In October 2005, Air France Cargo and KLM Cargo, the two freight subsidiaries of the group, merged their commercial activities. The Joint Cargo Management Team now operates the organisation worldwide from the Netherlands.
In 2008, it was the largest airline company in the world in terms of total operating revenues, and also the largest in the world in terms of international passenger-kilometres.
In early April 2016, Alexandre de Juniac, Chairman and CEO since 1 July 2013 resigned and was replaced by Jean-Marc Janaillac on 4 July 2016.
On 26 February 2019, the Dutch government announced that it had "purchased 12.68 percent of shares in Air France-KLM" and "plans to build up its stake to around 14 percent".
Private shareholders own 81.4% of the company with 37% held by former Air France shareholders and 21% held by former KLM shareholders. The Government of France owns the remaining 15.9%.
The company spends about a third of its revenue on staff, its biggest expense, while Lufthansa only spends around a quarter, so to save around 800 million euros (app. 1.04 billion US$) annually over the next three years, the company will make a recruitment freeze which will lead to 2,000 job cuts in 2012.
Air France Services Ltd (AFSL) was one of the major ground handling companies at Heathrow airport. AFSL was created on 15 January 1997 and was in the beginning a partnership between Air France and Servisair Ltd. Servisair then decided to pull out.[citation needed]
Hypotia mavromoustakisi is a species of snout moth in the genus Hypotia. It was described by Rebel in 1928, and is endemic to Cyprus and Israel.
During the Arab Spring of 2011, Oum Ali District was home to hundreds of Tunisian refugee dissidents.
The town's former official name of Montalban derives from the Spanish word Monte (Mountain), in reference to the numerous hills found within and surrounding the town. A common name for the municipality up to the present, it was its official name from its founding in 1909 until 1982 when the Batasang Pambansa officially renamed it to Rodriguez under Batas Pambansa Blg.275 in honor of Eulogio Rodriguez, Sr., a native of the municipality who served as Senate President.
In 1982, the town was officially renamed to Rodriguez under Batas Pambansa Blg.275 in honor of the former Senate President and town native Eulogio Rodriguez, Sr.
As early as 2018, the town's Sangguniang Bayan approved Resolution No. 60, Series of 2018 requesting the Senate of the Philippines thru its president, Vicente Sotto III and the House of Representatives through its speaker, Gloria Macapagal Arroyo to co-sponsor a bill for Rodriguez's conversion into a city.[citation needed]
On July 3, 2019, Rizal 2nd District Representative Juan Fidel Nograles sponsored a bill to restore the town's name to the former name of Montalban. This is in response to the numerous requests from the town's native residents to return the town's name to the former after it was changed in 1982.
Rodriguez is a town of mountains. From its north to south, a series of sloping ridges, hills and mountains ranges adorn the town. In fact, around 27% or the town is occupied by mountains and slopes. The town's highest peak is Mount Irid, 1,469 meters above sea level.
The province of Rizal covers 1,175.8 square kilometers. Rodriguez makes up 26.6% of the entire province of Rizal, housing 11 barangays. Rodriguez's economic activities include agriculture and commerce such as the Avilon Zoo.
The Municipality of Rodriguez is generally very rough in topography, with 83% of its total land area composed of upland areas, hills and mountain ranges. The remaining 17% low-lying terrain and rolling lands are found at the south-western portion of the municipality, along with the northern portions of the Municipality of San Mateo.
The rolling slopes comprise the Marikina River Valley, where water from higher elevations drain towards the Marikina River and its tributaries at the south-western portion of the municipality. Elevations at these western lowlands range from 10 to 30 meter above sea level. The western portion of the flatlands gently rises towards the west, which is part of Quezon City.
There are numerous elementary and high schools, both public and private, offering primary, secondary and tertiary education in the town of Rodriguez. There are also colleges and institutions that offer graduate and undergraduate programs in town.
This article about a glacier in Princess Astrid Coast is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article related to the city of Bangkok, Thailand is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Jessica Thomas of Renowned for Sound said, "Cyrus sees Cyrus take his brand of smooth pop covering a plethora of popular tracks and breathing a fresh life into them. There are 11 songs on his debut and while the 10 cover performances boast a very similar aesthetic to the original tune they're all infused with that Cyrus twist which makes them stand well on their own."
The reserve provides space outside of human development for some of the largest herds of hoofed in Asia: the vulnerable Tibetan wild yak (Bos mutus) (an estimated 10,000), wild ass (30,000), and Tibetan antelope (Pantholops hodgsonii) (up to 75,000).  The area is also an important habitat for the endangered Kozlov's Pika, and the relatively common Ladak pika.  There are also small populations of dholes (Wild Asiatic dogs).
Access is restricted, and high permit fees are required to enter.  The soil is fragile and there are no permanent roads.
Crandon Lakes is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) split between Hampton Township and Stillwater Township, in Sussex County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the CDP's population was 1,178, of which 682 were in Hampton Township and 496 in Stillwater Township.
Of the 441 households, 32.7% had children under the age of 18; 63.5% were married couples living together; 6.6% had a female householder with no husband present and 24.3% were non-families. Of all households, 19.5% were made up of individuals and 6.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 3.05.
23.2% of the population were under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 24.2% from 25 to 44, 32.9% from 45 to 64, and 12.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41.2 years. For every 100 females, the population had 97.7 males. For every 100 females ages 18 and older there were 98.9 males.
As of the 2000 United States Census there were 1,180 people, 405 households, and 326 families living in the CDP. The population density was 180.1/km2 (466.1/mi2). There were 492 housing units at an average density of 75.1/km2 (194.4/mi2). The racial makeup of the CDP was 97.71% White, 0.34% African American, 0.34% Native American, 0.51% Asian, 0.08% from other races, and 1.02% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.19% of the population.
There were 405 households, out of which 45.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.2% were married couples living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.5% were non-families. 15.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.91 and the average family size was 3.26.
In the CDP the population was spread out, with 29.5% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 33.1% from 25 to 44, 23.1% from 45 to 64, and 7.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.0 males.
The median income for a household in the CDP was $56,188, and the median income for a family was $60,114. Males had a median income of $50,281 versus $36,429 for females. The per capita income for the CDP was $22,642. About 0.9% of families and 1.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including 1.2% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.
Lost Musicals is a British musical theatre project established in 1989 by Ian Marshall Fisher. It is dedicated to presenting lost or forgotten musicals by famous American writers, and has been responsible for the first revivals of the lesser-known works of writers such as Stephen Sondheim, Cole Porter, Alan Jay Lerner, Richard Rodgers, Oscar Hammerstein II, Harold Arlen and Jerome Kern.
In another interview, Fisher criticised what he reviewed as the recent trivialisation of musicals, saying "Those people who were involved in the Broadway musical wanted to speak to the public. The campery and kitschness is something that's been ladled on to it subsequently."
This was followed in 2000 by a move to the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden. The Kurt Weill centenary was marked in December of that year by a semi-staging of One Touch of Venus, which included a reconstruction of Agnes de Mille's original choreography, which was performed by the Central School of Ballet. The cast included Jessica Martin and Louise Gold, with the Royal Philharmonic Concert Orchestra.
Some of the revivals have been UK premieres or first revivals of the shows. For instance, in 2005 the company gave the stage premiere of Evening Primrose, a little-known 1967 television musical by Stephen Sondheim, with a cast including Betsy Blair and Gary Raymond. The same year saw the company's second production of Fanny, starring Liza Pulman and James Smilie, and Porter's Silk Stockings.
In 2010 Lost Musicals presented the first complete revival of Alan Jay Lerner and Frederick Loewe's second Broadway musical, The Day Before Spring, following on from the rediscovery of the full vocal score. It was the first time all the music had been heard since 1946.
In 1999 Lost Musicals was recognised by the British Charity Commissioners as an educational charitable trust, titled The Lost Musicals Charitable Trust. The project's educational output has been varied: for instance, in 2011 Princeton University invited Fisher to present a talk about the project to students and staff at Princeton.
Uritskoye is located 63 km northwest of Nikolsk (the district's administrative centre) by road. Shirokaya is the nearest rural locality.
This Nikolsky District, Vologda Oblast location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Lynette Frances Williams AM (born 1947) is an Australian educator and musician who held the position of Principal of the Guildhall School of Music and Drama from 2017 to 2021. Prior to taking up her role at Guildhall, she was CEO of Australia's National Institute of Dramatic Art and was the director of the Culture, Ceremonies and Education Programme for the London 2012 Olympic Games.
Williams originally trained as a classical singer at the Sydney Conservatorium of Music. She was appointed Member of the Order of Australia in the 2019 Australia Day Honours.
The chancel contains memorials to the Bothe family. The south aisle has a memorial to Edward Edmonson who died in 1589. To the west end is a plaque to John Trowell who died in 1766. The north aisle has two thirteenth century effigies and a stone slab to Richard Shylton who died in 1510.
The churchyard contains war graves of five soldiers and an airman of World War I and an airman of World War II.
The pipe organ dates from 1906 when an instrument was installed by Harrison and Harrison. Details of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.
In the spring of 1946, Ivan, an American soldier, returns home psychologically scarred after spending some time in a Japanese prison camp during World War II. Once back in his small Pennsylvania town, Ivan settles in, trying to put his life back together while living with his stoic peasant father.
Maria heals Ivan's hand, but the unhappiness between them increases further. She is pursued by Clarence who tries to seduce her, but she remains faithful to Ivan and resists Clarence's advances. One day, unexpectedly, Ivan leaves town by train. Moving to a new city, he starts work in a slaughter house, making new friends.
Left to her own devices, Maria finally succumbs to Clarence's advances. Though she quickly rejects him, she is pregnant. Maria searches out Ivan and tells him of her pregnancy and of the death of her grandmother, but Ivan is now cruelly indifferent towards her.
Out with his friends one night, Ivan meets up with Clarence. Clarence does not remember him and tells the story of how he seduced Maria, and that she later refused to have anything further to do with him. Furious, Ivan hits a still incredulous Clarence.
Ivan, still tormented by nightmares of his war experiences, is visited by his father, who tells Ivan that he is dying and that he must come back to Maria. Ivan returns home, admitting to Maria that he loves her baby. Now that Maria's chaste image has vanished, she and Ivan are able to make love for the first time.
The film is the first American feature film by Konchalovsky. In his review of the film in Variety, Todd McCarthy indicated that Konchalovsky was probably the first Russian director to have made a major American film with well-known actors.
The opening sequence features excerpts from John Huston's 1946 U.S. Army documentary Let There Be Light about posttraumatic stress disorder.
Maria's Lovers has an approval rating of 33% on review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, based on 6 reviews, and an average rating of 5.88/10.
The essay is largely concerned with qualifications of representatives and the frequency of their election. The Federalists argued that annual elections would not afford representatives enough time to learn about their office. They proposed biennial elections to allow representatives to gain experience without remaining in office for too long.
Federalist paper no.52 also continues on to Federalist paper no.53 titled "House of Representative continued" to continue the argument about biennial election and reassuring that their liberty will be secure under the proposed constitution.
Federalist 52 was Madison/Hamilton's attempt to explain the reasoning of the qualifications of the House of Representatives, and why it would be elected every two years.
For more information about the structure and workings of both houses of Congress, see United States Congress.
It was founded in 2013. It was Acquired by Smart Software Testing Solutions Inc., a Dublin, California based company. It provides mobile testing tools, automation testing tools and bot testing on real devices.
With the (current) exceptions of the genera Sessea and Reyesia, the subfamily furnishes many colourful garden plants of considerable horticultural merit.
Mr. & Ms. TV was a Hindi television reality show that was broadcast on Sony TV. The purpose of the show was to find the best of the best Hindi television stars, who would be crowned as Mr. & Ms. TV. The show was hosted by Shonali Nagrani.The show was won by Purbi Joshi and Swapnil Joshi who were crowned Ms. and Mr. TV respectively.
There were originally 6 female and 6 male contestants chosen and then each contestant was paired with one of the opposite gender. After the selection, the pair together had to take  on  challenges like dancing, dubbing, and acting each day. The performances were evaluated by the judges: Sonali Bendre and Madhur Bhandarkar who would score them after every such tasks. The two contestants to receive the lowest total scores were then be eliminated from the competition every day.
Willmott produced and directed this film from a script he wrote with Greg Hurd. It was shot in the town of Nortonville, Kansas.
King John's Castle, also known as Carlingford Castle, is an enclosure castle and National Monument located in Carlingford, County Louth, Ireland.
King John's Castle is located in Carlingford town's harbour, halfway along the south coast of Carlingford Lough.
The east wing of the castle was added c. 1261. In 1326 the castle was committed to Geoffrey le Blound. Edmond Loundres was constable in 1388, Stephen Gernon in 1400. Henry MacShane O'Neill attempted to take the castle in 1596.[citation needed]
During the Irish Confederate Wars, the castle was held by the Irish Catholic Confederation; then was taken by Sir Henry Tichborne, 3rd Baronet (Parliamentarian) in 1642, then by Murrough O'Brien, 1st Earl of Inchiquin in 1649 and Charles Coote, 1st Earl of Mountrath in 1650.[citation needed]
During the Williamite War it was fired on by Jacobites in 1689 and used as a Williamite hospital by Frederick Schomberg, 1st Duke of Schomberg prior to the Battle of the Boyne.
In September 2014, terminal three of the Ninoy Aquino International Airport was the target of a foiled bombing plot.
Three individuals were arrested, and the motivation was initially speculated to be related to Islamist militants.  The office building is owned by DMCI Holdings, a company owned by Chinese Filipinos.
The lawyer calls his organization "United States Allied Freedom Fighters of the East". Justice Secretary Leila de Lima called the actions of the group "misguided". The Director General of the National Security Council called the group a "dubious organisation led by delusional leaders." The Philippine Armed Forces called the bomb plot "comic relief", while the National Bureau of Investigation did not dismiss the attack.
The three arrested individuals were charged with illegal possession of explosives. All were represented by a single lawyer, with ties to the Marcos presidency, who claimed that the three are fall guys in a plot by the Aquino Administration to create instability to allow the constitution to be amended so that President Aquino can serve more than one term. The charges were later endorsed by the Department of Justice, but charges of illegal possession of firearms were dropped.
Following the bombing plot, and an unrelated kidnapping of a Chinese teenager, the Chinese Foreign Ministry issued a travel warning advising its nationals not to travel to the Philippines.
The 1982 Baylor Bears football team represented Baylor University in the 1982 NCAA Division I-A football season.  The Bears finished the season fifth in the Southwest Conference.
Monique Barbut, born in 1956 in Morocco, is a French public servant who served as the Executive Secretary of the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification (UNCCD) from 2013 until 2019. She was appointed to this position by the United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon on 16 September 2013.
Barbut obtained her Master of Philosophy in Economics and Bachelor of Arts in English from the University of Paris.
Due to her role in the French government in the 1992 Earth Summit and the establishment of the French Global Environment Facility, Barbut became the first Chief Executive Officer of the French GEF. She subsequently held a number of high-ranking positions, including Chief Executive Officer and Chairperson of GEF (2006-2012) and Director of the Division of Technology, Industry and Economics at the United Nations Environment Programme (2003-2006).
This article about a Members of the National Assembly of Quebec from the Conservative Party of Quebec is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Legnaro National Laboratories are the site of AURIGA, a gravitational wave detector for astrophysical gravitational waves research. It became operational in 2004, and has been continuously in operation since then. In 2016, it was proven that the AURIGA resonant mass detector is sufficiently sensitive for dark matter searches, and perhaps more suitable than more modern detectors such as LIGO. The experiment is closed and the AURIGA antenna is an exhibit at LNL (since April 2021).
The GAMMA experiment is underway at several European laboratories including the Legnaro National Laboratories. It uses gamma-ray spectroscopy to study the structure of light nuclei, as well as their unbound states and roles in nucleosynthesis processes. At present, LNL is one of the facilities delivering stable ion beams, though the development of SPES will also allow contribution of high-intensity radioactive ion beams.
Richard "Dick" Day (born March 9, 1937) is Minnesota, USA, politician and a former member of the Minnesota Senate who represented District 26, which includes portions of Dodge, Freeborn, Goodhue, Mower, Olmsted, Rice, Steele and Waseca counties in the southeastern part of the state. A Republican, he was first elected in 1990, and was re-elected in 1992, 1996, 2000, 2002 and 2006. Prior to redistricting in 1992 and 2002, he represented the old districts 30 and 28.
Day was born on a farm in Rochester, Minnesota, where he graduated from Rochester High School. He earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in political science and business administration from Winona State College, now Winona State University.
Day currently lives in Owatonna, Minnesota where he has worked in printing sales, franchise sales, Director of Franchise Sales and Development for Century 21, a real estate broker, and an IBM Salesman, from which he is now retired.  He served on the Owatonna City Council from 1976 to 1980, and was a Steele County commissioner from 1980 to 1988. He is married to wife, Janet, and has four children: Dan, Steve, Debbie and Julie. His favorite grandchild Is Ben. He is Catholic.
Prior to his resignation, Day was a member of the senate's Business, Industry and Jobs Committee, Capital Investment Committee, Finance Committee, State and Local Government Operations and Oversight Committee, and Transportation Committee. He also served on the Finance Subcommittee for the Transportation Budget and Policy Division, and on the State and Local Government Operations and Oversight Subcommittee for Gaming. He was minority leader from 1997 to 2007.
On May 27, 2008, Day entered the Republican primary in Minnesota's 1st congressional district. He lost to Brian J. Davis, a physician who was endorsed by the party, and who went on to lose the general election to the incumbent Congressman, Tim Walz.
Aneirin Hughes (born Aneurin Hughes; 8 May 1958) is a Welsh actor and singer known for playing Chief Superintendent Brian Prosser in the BBC4 Welsh police drama Hinterland. He won a Best Actor BAFTA Cymru (or BAFTA Wales) for his appearance as Delme in Cameleon (1997), a Welsh language film.
Hughes began his acting career in 1994 in the BBC Wales soap opera Pobol y Cwm. He went on to appear in Blood on the Dole, Casualty, Family Affairs as DI Patrick Grenham, Spooks, Take Me with Robson Green and EastEnders in January and April 2009 as Andy Jones, the adoptive father of Danielle Jones. He reprised the role in June 2016.
He was an atheist but was very influenced by his wife, who was a Calvinist (his wife came from Louis Breguet's family).
The VIII Army Corps / VIII AK (German: VIII. Armee-Korps) was a corps level command of the Prussian and then the Imperial German Armies from the 19th Century to World War I.
Originating on 21 June 1815 as the General Command for the Grand Duchy of the Lower Rhine and established on 3 April 1820 as VIII Corps.  The headquarters was in Koblenz and its catchment area was the Rhine Province and the Principality of Birkenfeld of the Grand Duchy of Oldenburg.
The Corps served in the Austro-Prussian War.  During the Franco-Prussian War it was assigned to the 1st Army.
In peacetime the Corps was assigned to the V Army Inspectorate but joined the 4th Army at the start of the First World War.  It was still in existence at the end of the war.  The Corps was disbanded with the demobilisation of the German Army after World War I.
The 25 peacetime Corps of the German Army (Guards, I - XXI, I - III Bavarian) had a reasonably standardised organisation.  Each consisted of two divisions with usually two infantry brigades, one field artillery brigade and a cavalry brigade each.  Each brigade normally consisted of two regiments of the appropriate type, so each Corps normally commanded 8 infantry, 4 field artillery and 4 cavalry regiments.  There were exceptions to this rule:
On mobilisation, VIII Corps was assigned to the 4th Army forming part of the centre of the forces for the Schlieffen Plan offensive in August 1914.  It was still in existence at the end of the war.
The Piano Sonata in E-flat major D 568 by Franz Schubert is a sonata for solo piano. It is a revision and completion of the Sonata in D-flat major D. 567. The D-flat major version was composed in June 1817, while the E-flat major revision and completion, published in 1829 after Schubert's death as Op. posth. 122, dates from sometime around 1826.
Daniel Coren summarized the nature of the recapitulation in the first movement of this sonata as "syncopated primary material".
Shane Andre Mosley (born September 7, 1971), often known by his nickname "Sugar" Shane Mosley, is an American former professional boxer who competed from 1993 to 2016. He held multiple world championships in three weight classes, including the IBF lightweight title; the WBA (Super) and WBC welterweight titles; and the WBA (Super), WBC, and Ring magazine light middleweight titles. He is also a former lineal champion at welterweight (twice) and light middleweight.
In 1998, the Boxing Writers Association of America named Mosley as their Fighter of the Year. He was also given the same honor by the International Boxing Hall of Fame in 2000. In 2000 and 2001 he was named the world's best active boxer, pound for pound, by The Ring.
Mosley was born in Lynwood, California, and raised in Pomona, California. He has two older sisters, Venus and Cerena. Mosley became interested in boxing after watching his father, Jack, box in street fights. Mosley has been trained and managed by his father since the age of eight.
In January 1996, Mosley had his first fight outside of California since beginning his pro career. He fought at the Grand Casino in Biloxi, Mississippi knocking out 35-year-old Mike Bryan in round one. By May 1997, Mosley went 23 fights unbeaten, with 22 coming inside the distance.
Mosley made his first title defense on November 25 at the County Coliseum in El Paso, Texas against Mexican Manuel Gomez (17-8, 14 KOs). Mosley knocked Gomez out in round 11 to retain his title.
On February 6, 1998, Mosley defeated 24-year-old Demetrio Ceballos (20-1, 13 KOs) at the Mohegan Sun Casino in Uncasville. Ceballos was down once in round 4 after an overhand right and left hook to the body. He was down again in round 8 following a flurry of punches before referee Eddie Cotton called an end to the fight. At the time of stoppage, Mosley was ahead on all cards (70-61, 70-62, 70-62).
In May 1998, Mosley knocked out former world super featherweight champion and world lightweight challenger John John Molina (45-4, 30 KOs) in round 8 at the Trump Taj Mahal in Atlantic City, New Jersey. Molina was also dropped to his knees in round 7.
On June 27, 1998 Mosely knocked out Colombian boxer Wilfrido Ruiz (25-3, 19 KOs) in round 5. He then fought at the Madison Square Garden Theater in New York City on September 22, 1998 against Eduardo Bartolome Morales (26-0, 21 KOs). Morales was knocked down in the 3rd round, and eventually stopped in round 5.
Mosley took only two months out returning to the ring to defend his title in January 1999 against American Golden Johnson (15-2-2, 10 KOs) at the Civic Center in Pensacola, Florida. The fight ended when Mosley connected Johnson with a flurry of punches as he was against the ropes and then dropped to both knees. He beat the count, but was put down again seconds later, ending the fight.
On April 17, 1999, Mosley made his 8th and final defense of the IBF lightweight title against former USBA super featherweight champion John Brown (19-5, 10 KOs) at the Fantasy Springs Casino in Indio, California. The fight was stopped after round 8, when the ringside doctor intervened. Mosley won the fight via TKO to retain his title.
Mosley vacated his lightweight title and moved up two weight divisions to welterweight, scored two consecutive knockouts against Wilfredo Rivera and Willy Wise, setting up a huge fight against Oscar De La Hoya for the WBC welterweight title.
Mosley defended his newly won titles on November 11, 2000, at the Madison Square Garden Theater in New York against Mexican boxer Antonio Diaz (35-2, 24 KOs). The fight lasted six rounds, after Mosley knocked Diaz down twice. Diaz was also down once in round 2.
On March 10, 2001, Mosley was scheduled to fight unbeaten Australian Shannan Taylor (28-0-1, 18KOs) at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas. Shannan was knocked down once in the first round. He was losing all rounds, up until the end of the fifth round. Taylor lost the fight when he decided not to return for round 6.
On July 21, 2001 Mosley easily beat IBO World super welterweight champion Adrian Stone (30-3-2, 23 KOs) knocking him out in round 3. The fight took place at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas. Stone moved down to welterweight for the first time in three years to challenge Mosley and was losing the first 2-round before being stopped. Following the win, Mosley said he would like to have a rematch with De La Hoya in a split 50/50 fight or a unification fight against unbeaten Vernon Forrest.
Mosley next fought five months later in September against undefeated former Mexico welterweight champion Jose Luis Cruz (33-0-2, 28 KOs) in 10 round bout. Much like the Estrada fight, Mosley won a unanimous decision with scores of 96-94, 97-93, and 98-92.
It was announced on August 15, 2007 that Mosley would challenge undefeated Miguel Cotto (30-0, 25 KOs) for his WBA welterweight title. The fight, being billed as "Fast & Furious" was announced to take place at the Madison Square Garden in New York on HBO PPV.
On May 22, 2010, Mosley was stripped of his WBA (Super) welterweight title, due to not making a mandatory defense, which in turn made WBA Champion Vyacheslav Senchenko the sole WBA titlist in the welterweight division.
Mosley officially retired after this bout, ending his career with a record of 46-8-1, 39 KO's. He went 0-3-1 in his last 4 fights.
On August 16, 2017, Mosley announced his retirement after being a professional for 24 years. Speaking to ESPN, he said his body was no longer in a state where he could get through training due to a botched elbow surgery. In a statement, he said, 
"I went in for a minor arthroscopic surgery to remove a couple loose bone fragments from my elbow and the surgery turned into a whole ordeal after the surgeon admittedly 'accidentally' burned me on my forearm, leading to a sick infection and needing like four or five days of IV antibiotics and two weeks of antibiotics at home. It was crazy and surreal to learn that I could never fight again."
He retired with 61 fights in the paid ranks. He won 49, with 41 coming inside the distance, 10 losses, having only been stopped once, 1 draw and a no contest.
In November 2002, Mosley married Jin Sheehan. The couple had three children before divorcing in 2010. He has a son, Shane Mosley Jr., from a previous relationship. Mosley Jr. made his professional debut in 2014. He also has 2 children with his current partner, Trista Pisani.
The gall can be a smooth, globular or a spindle-shaped swelling on a shoot. The gall chamber is in the pith and contains pale orange larvae or pupae in separate chambers. Correct identification of the host species is important, as the gall of R. degeerii is similar to R. salicis. In Britain the gall on  purple willow (Salix purpurea) is recorded as R. degeerii. Elsewhere the gall has been found on S. daphnoides and S. elaeagnos.
This article relates to members of the fly infraorder Bibionomorpha is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
He was born in Slaidburn, West Riding of Yorkshire, England in 1825, and moved to the United States at the age of 23, arriving in New York City and moving on to Buffalo, New York, where he went into the slaughtering business for a couple of years. In 1850, he sold out and moved to Wisconsin, and became a farmer and rancher. In 1851, his younger brother Thomas Sanderson left Slaidburn and came to Wisconsin with his wife and children, joining his brother in Columbia County.
As of 1862, when he first appeared in the Assembly, he was 36 years of age, and had been in Wisconsin for 12 years; he was at that time a resident of Cambria, and a member of the Republican Party.
He was first elected to the Assembly for the 1862 session, representing the 3rd Columbia County district (Courtland, Fort Winnebago, Marcellon, Randolph, Scott, Springvale and Wyocena, succeeding James H. Bonney (also a farmer and a Republican). He was assigned to the standing committee on railroads. He was succeeded in the 1863 term by Yates Ashley, a fellow Republican.
Sanderson (now living in Poynette) returned to the Assembly for the 1866 session, this time from the 2nd Columbia County district, succeeding Jesse Hand, another farmer and member of the Union Party (the label which the Republicans were using during this era). He was assigned to the committees on the expiration and re-enactment of laws; and on agriculture and manufactures.
TASE plays a major role in the Israeli economy. TASE lists some 544 companies, 56 of which are also listed on stock exchanges in other countries. TASE also lists some 180 exchange-traded funds (ETFs), 60 government bonds, 500 corporate bonds, 591 exchange-traded notes (ETNs) and more than 1000 mutual funds.
Yossi Beinart was appointed TASE CEO in January 2014 and was a Director at the Tel-Aviv Stock Exchange Clearing House Ltd and on the MAOF Clearing House Ltd board. Beinart died in August 2017, and was succeeded by Itai Ben-Zeev. Amnon Neubach has been the Chairman of the TASE Board since April 2014.
In 2005, non-Israeli investment in TASE reached an all-time high of NIS 2 billion, while the TA-25 increased 34%. By the end of the year foreign investment banks UBS, Deutsche Bank, and HSBC had become members of TASE.
In May 2008 Northern Trust started the first US exchange-traded fund on the NYSE based on TASE's benchmark, the TA-25 Index.
In February 2007 the TASE signed a formal memorandum of understanding with the London Stock Exchange intended to smooth the trading of securities listed on both exchanges. At the time, 50 Israeli companies were listed on the London Stock Exchange. A similar memorandum of understanding was signed with The Nasdaq Stock Market in November 2007. NASDAQ at the time had 70 Israeli companies listed on the exchange, with a combined global market capitalization of over US$60 billion.
In 1983, TASE moved to 54 Ahad Ha'am Street, Tel Aviv, where it remained for 31 years, until it moved in 2014 to its current location at 2 Ahuzat Bayit Street, Tel Aviv.
The modern building covers an area of 22,600 square meters and has 14 floors. It is optimized for computer trading. Its computer systems are located in an underground bunker in case of emergencies, in which there is space for emergency personnel. Architectural critic Keshet Rosenblum praised the new building, due to its appropriate design, restraint in its form and public access. The lobby of the building is public and there is cafe and stock exchange museum.
The Exchange offers four programs under which companies can list on the exchange: three programs for normal operating companies, and an additional venture program for development-stage technology companies. In addition, the TASE has a program for the listing of Limited Partnership Units.
TASE links to the U.S. markets with a direct link to DTC, a subsidiary of the Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation, which facilitates the trading of dually listed securities.
The TASE is regulated by the Securities Law (1968), and falls under the direct supervision of the Israel Securities Authority.
The Katharine Seymour Day House is a historic house at 77 Forest Street in the historic Nook Farm district of Hartford, Connecticut.  Built in 1884 for a local businessman seeking to compete stylistically with the adjacent Mark Twain House, it is a good local example of Queen Anne architecture.  It now serves as the administrative center and library for the Harriet Beecher Stowe Center.  It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
The house now houses the center's administrative offices, and a research library containing many of Stowe's materials.
On June 26, 2018 second phase of the bridge's reconstruction costing 19.6 million euros was initiated.
A hidden grotto can be found in Hrajel next to a river that feeds Nahr el Kalb. The grotto is rumored to be a far upward extension of the Jeita grotto but it is currently closed to the public. 
According to the 17th-century historian and Maronite patriarch Istifan al-Duwayhi, Hrajel was settled by Shia Muslims from Baalbek in the 16th century. Ottoman tax records, which do not differentiate different Muslim groups from each other, indicate the village had 62 Muslim households and two bachelors in 1523, 40 Muslim households and 13 bachelors in 1530, and 49 Muslim households and eight bachelors in 1543.
Darknall was educated at the Middle Temple. In 1522, he was married to a widow named Alice Goseborne, the daughter and coheiress of the Canterbury MP, Henry Goseborne. They had at least two sons and one daughter.
Darknall was a Member of Parliament for Canterbury in 1529, 1536, 1542, 1547, and March 1553, and for Rochester in October 1553.
This article about a 16th-century Member of the Parliament of England is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Wietse Zweitze Venema (born 1951) is a Dutch programmer and physicist best known for writing the Postfix email system. He also wrote TCP Wrapper and collaborated with Dan Farmer to produce the computer security tools SATAN and The Coroner's Toolkit.
The Treasury and Finance Department (Basque: Eusko Jaurlaritzako Ogasun eta Finantza Saila; Spanish: Departamento de Hacienda y Finanzas ) is the finance department of the Basque Government.
Edgenuity, formerly Education2020 (E2020), is a standard-based online learning resource for school districts, which teaches kindergarten through 12th-grade in core, elective, credit recovery, technical, and career subjects, through both remedial and accelerated work.  As of 2019, Edgenuity serves more than four million students in the United States.  The site has been used for virtual learning during the COVID-19 pandemic, and has received criticism from its users.
Edgenuity was founded in 1988 as Education2020 Inc. (E2020), and in 2011, was purchased by the company Weld North for an estimated US$50 million dollars. In 2014, Edgenuity launched My Path, a program learning path alternative for reading and math grades 6-12th. The same year, Edgenuity partnered with SOPHIA Learning to offer additional credit options.
Edgenuity is a virtual alternative, and uses pre-recorded videos and primarily focuses on struggling students, and sticking at pace. Along with pre-recorded lecture, Edgenuity uses interactives and real-world problems. In addition to helping students who need extra support, the software is often used by schools to help students who have failed courses get the credits they are missing.
In 2020, Digital Promise awarded Edgenuity's Courseware, Mypath, and Pathblazer services with the Research-Based Design Product Certification.
Teachers also showed frustration with how Edgenuity handles student organization in their contracts. In Providence, Rhode Island, teachers were given an average of 52 students to handle each and weren't able to properly communicate with all of them in an orderly manner. In St. Tammany Parish, Louisiana, some teachers were even given up to 600 students to manage via email each.
In 2021, CEO Sari Factor released a statement addressing the issues arisen by the public. She stated how some districts were using the site in unintended ways, and schools that were following procedure were benefiting off the program. She also mentioned how the students to teacher ration was off-balance due to the school having a lack of employment, and also blamed student struggle on the struggles of COVID on system and education.
The Russian National Time Trial Championships are held annually. They are a cycling race which decides the Russian cycling champion in the time trial discipline, several categories of rider. The event was first held in 1998 and was won by Oleg Zhukov. Vladimir Gusev holds the record of most victories with 4.  The current champion is Ilnur Zakarin.
This cycling race article related to Italian cycling is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Dan Kelly provided play-by-play for the Black Hawks during the 1978 playoffs. Kelly had become available because St. Louis missed the playoffs. Chicago Tribune beat writer Bob Verdi was the analyst.
Belgium was represented by Sergio and the Ladies in the Eurovision Song Contest 2002 with the song Sister.
Eurosong '02 was the national final that selected Belgium's entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2002. The competition consisted of four semi-finals that took place on 20 January, 27 January, 3 February and 10 February 2002, followed by a final on 17 February 2002 where the winning song and artist were selected. All five shows took place at the VRT studios in Schelle, hosted by Bart Peeters and broadcast on TV1.
During each of the five shows, the expert jury provided commentary and feedback to the artists and selected entries to advance in the competition. These experts were:
On 6 June 2001, VRT opened a submission period for artists and composers to submit their songs, with the deadline concluding on 31 October 2001. 351 entries were submitted, and on 13 December 2001, the broadcaster announced the twenty-eight entries selected for the competition.
The first semi-final took place on 20 January 2002. "Without Love" performed by Wuyts and Schepens proceeded to the final. "All Out of Love" performed by Sonny also proceeded to the final as one of the three highest scoring second-placed entries.
The third semi-final took place on 3 February 2002. "Someday" performed by Spark proceeded to the final.
The fourth semi-final took place on 10 February 2002. "Take This Heart" performed by Yasmina proceeded to the final. "Sister" performed by Sergio and the Ladies also proceeded to the final as one of the three highest scoring second-placed entries.
The final took place on 17 February 2002. "Sister" performed by Sergio and the Ladies was selected as the winner.
A post office was established at Mount Pisgah in 1848, and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1907.
Sharon Lovelace Blackburn (born May 7, 1950) is a Senior United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Alabama.
On April 11, 1991, Blackburn was nominated by President George H. W. Bush to a new seat on the United States District Court for the Northern District of Alabama created by 104 Stat. 5089. She was confirmed by the United States Senate on May 24, 1991, and received her commission on May 30, 1991. She served as Chief Judge from 2006 to 2013. She assumed senior status on May 8, 2015.
Highway 22 parallels State Highway 15 throughout its route.  Highway 22 also intersects with Highway 15 at Hutchinson.
The southern terminus for Highway 22 is at the Iowa state line, near Kiester, where Highway 22 becomes Winnebago County Road R50 (140th Avenue) upon crossing the state line.
State Highway 22 was authorized in 1920 from St. Peter to Paynesville. In 1934, it was extended south to the Iowa state line, and its northernmost section between Eden Valley and Paynesville became part of State Highway 55.
The section of Highway 22 between Mankato and St. Peter follows the original route of U.S. Highway 169.  When the parallel route west of the Minnesota River was first completed in the late 1950s, it originally carried the Highway 22 designation for a few years until it was redesignated U.S. 169 and Highway 22 reverted to its original alignment.
Additionally he took advanced interpretation courses with Jan-Willem Jansen at the Conservatoire of Toulouse and with Michel Bouvard at the Conservatoire of Paris.
Jan Verschuren was appointed organist in Mill and Boxmeer, the Netherlands. In 1998 he has been appointed as university organist of the University Leiden, the Netherlands. In 2001 Jan Verschuren succeeded Folkert Grondsma as titular-organist of the Hartebrug Church in Leiden. Moreover in 2006 Jan Verschuren has been appointed as university-organist of the Eindhoven University of Technology in Eindhoven.
Organ-recitals took him to many organs in the Netherlands, Austria, Belgium, Germany, France, Hungary, Italy, the Czech Republic and Poland. Moreover, Jan Verschuren has made CD-recordings and performed on the Dutch radio.
Enfield Grammar School (abbreviated to EGS; also known as Enfield Grammar) is a boys' Comprehensive school and sixth form with academy status, founded in 1558, situated in Enfield Town in the London Borough of Enfield in North London.
Enfield Grammar School was founded on 25 May 1558. The school's first known headmaster was William Bradshawe who was head until 1600.
In 1623, when the Prounces estate property was settled in trust, Prounces house became the schoolmaster's residence. One headmaster, Robert Uvedale, while continuing in his post at EGS much to the consternation of the trustees and some parishioners opened another rival private (fee-paying) boarding-school, the Palace School, in about 1660, which survived until 1896.
In 1967, it was amalgamated with Chace Boys School to form a comprehensive school that retained the name Enfield Grammar School. The two schools were separated again in 1970. Chace Boys School has since become co-educational and has changed its name to Chace Community School.
Academic performance at Enfield Grammar School is outstanding, with students entering EGS with very high levels of attainment. Progress and attainment in the Sixth Form are also exceptional. In the Ofsted report from 2014, EGS was rated 'outstanding' in all areas, including Achievement, Behaviour and Safety of pupils; Quality of teaching, learning and assessment; Personal development and Welfare; 16 to 19 study programmes; and Leadership and Management.
The upper school buildings are next to the Enfield Town Market Place and St. Andrew's Church, and have been extended several times since 1586. A new hall and further extensions were completed shortly before World War II.
The school motto, which is incorporated in the school badge is 'Tant Que Je Puis', which is Old French, and means 'As much as I can'. It was taken from the Uvedale family because Dr. Robert Uvedale was master from 1664 to 1676.
The houses at Enfield Grammar School were originally the basis of a wide range of other competitive internal activities such as drama, debating, competitive sports and so forth. The school's existing house system is used for some internal sporting activities. The names of the houses are Forty, Myddelton, Poynetts, Raleigh, St. Andrew's and Uvedale.
There is separate admission into the Sixth Form, which accepts up to 140 students a year. This is based on pupils' GCSE results.
Alfred Groyer (born 8 January 1959 in Villach) is an Austrian former ski jumper who competed from 1978 to 1984. He finished seventh in the individual normal hill event at the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid, New York.
This biographical article relating to Austrian ski jumping is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
In 1838,  in the Ottoman era,   el Kuzazeh  was noted as  Muslim village, in the  Er-Ramleh district.
A European traveler reported that he passed Qazaza in the 1860s on his way to examine a nearby tell.
Socin found from an official Ottoman village list from about 1870  that  Kezaze had a population of 133, in 89 houses,  though the population count included men only. It was also noted that it was located  two hours southeast of Shahma. Hartmann found that  Kezaze  had 85  houses.
In 1882, the PEF's Survey of Western Palestine (SWP)  described   Kerazeh  as "a small village of adobe and stone at the edge of the hills, with gardens and a well."
In the 1922 census of Palestine, conducted by the British Mandate authorities, Qezazeh  had a population of 472 Muslims,  increasing in the 1931 census to 649, still all Muslims, in a total of 150 residential houses.
The villagers  maintained a village mosque and some owned shops. An elementary school was first established in Qazaza in 1922. In 1945 Qazaza joined with the villagers of Sajad and Jilya and established a common school for all the three villages. This school had 127 students at the time of its founding in 1945.
In  the 1945 statistics   the population was 940, all Muslims,  while the total land area was 18,829  dunams, according to an official land and population survey. Of this, a total of 11,757 dunums were allocated to cereals, while 131 dunums were irrigated or used for orchards, while 38 dunams were classified as built-up urban areas.
On 16 July 1948, Givati HQ informed General Staff\Operations that "our forces have entered the villages of Qazaza, Kheima, Jilya, Idnibba, Mughallis, expelled the inhabitants, [and] blown up and torched a number of houses. The area is at the moment clear of Arabs".
Today, the village lands are used by the Israel Defense Forces. As a closed military zone, it is not known what became of Qazaza's mosque, its elementary school (which had served the villages of Sajad and Jilya as well) or its more than 150 homes.
The present Old City was first settled in either the Greek or at the latest by Roman times. It was settled in the valley downhill from Tel Rumeida, considered to be the center of biblical Hebron. It was not until the start of the Abbasid Caliphate that the current city became the center of Hebron, building up around the focal point of the Cave of the Patriarchs.
It became the third World Heritage Site in the State of Palestine in 2017, and was inscribed on the official List of World Heritage in Danger as "Palestine, Hebron/Al-Khalil Old Town".
1. Tomb of the Patriarchs; 2. The Castle, partly ruined; 3. Pool; 4. Pool; 5. Old well; 6. Old well; 7. Bijurd mosque; 8. Aly Bukka mosque "the second chief building in Hebron";
The U.S has provided no funding to UNESCO since Palestine was admitted as a full member in 2011. The Obama administration cited a pre-existing law that prohibits funding any UN agency or affiliate that grants full membership to non-states, which was put in place after Palestine applied for UNESCO and WHO membership in April 1989. The U.S. and Israel were among just 14 of 194 members that voted against admitting the Palestinians in 2011.
A net installed in the Old City to prevent garbage dropped by Israeli settlers into a Palestinian area.
The Leeds Library is the oldest surviving subscription library of its type in the UK. It was founded in 1768, following an advertisement placed in the Leeds Intelligencer earlier that year. The first secretary was Joseph Priestley. In 1779, James Boswell wrote, "In Leeds, where one would not expect it, there is a very good public library, where strangers are treated with great civility."
The library moved twice before settling in the purpose built premises on Commercial Street, Leeds on 4 July 1808. This building is a grade II* listed Greek Revival building by Thomas Johnson with major 1880-81 extension to the rear by Thomas Ambler.
As of June 2020[update] the library has over 1000 members who pay an annual subscription. The library is estimated to have a stock of over 140 000 titles with 1,500 new books being added annually. It also contains more modern items such as audiobooks and DVDs.  The library's extensive collection is frequently used by researchers who are not members.
The library holdings also incorporate the stock of the short lived Leeds Foreign Library. The Foreign Library was founded in 1778 and incorporated into the Leeds Library in 1814.
Ross was sworn of the Privy Council of Ireland in 1902. In 1919 he was created a baronet. In 1921, in succession to Sir James Campbell, Ross was appointed Lord Chancellor of Ireland. He was to be the last holder of that office, which was abolished in December 1922. Ross retired to London, but later he returned to live in Northern Ireland.
He was president of the St John Ambulance Brigade in Ireland and during the First World War was in control of all Red Cross activities in southern Ireland. In 1914 he was made a Knight of Grace of the Grand Priory of the Order of St John of Jerusalem. During the war he was also chairman of the Irish board for the selection of candidates for commissions in the British army.
In 1882 Ross married Katherine Mary Jeffcock (d. 1932), who was the only daughter of Lieutenant-Colonel Deane Mann, of Dunmoyle and Corvey Lodge, County Tyrone  and his wife Mary Stobart Jeffcock.  They  had one son, Major  Sir Ronald Deane Ross MC MP, and two daughters, Irene and May, the younger of whom predeceased her father. Ross died, of bronchial pneumonia, at his home, Dunmoyle Lodge, Sixmilecross, Co. Tyrone, on 17 August 1935, and was succeeded as the second baronet by his son.
Oligopolies can result from various forms of collusion that reduce market competition. This leads to higher prices for consumers and lower wages for the employees of oligopolies. In the absence of collusion among market participants, an oligopoly will develop into a situation similar to perfect competition. Oligopolists have their own market structure.
Thus the welfare analysis of oligopolies is sensitive to the parameter values used to define the market's structure. In particular, the level of dead weight loss is hard to measure. The study of product differentiation indicates that oligopolies might also create excessive levels of differentiation in order to stifle competition, as they could gain certain marker power by offering somewhat differentiated products.
When compared with Cournot and Bertrand's model, it can be seen that price competition is more aggressive and competitive, and also it is easier to sustain collusion under price competition.
For fighting collusion and cartels in an oligopoly market, competition authorities have taken measures or practices to effectively discover, prosecute and penalize them. Leniency program and economic analysis (screening) are currently two popular mechanisms.
To determine the Nash equilibrium you can solve the equations simultaneously. The equilibrium quantities can also be determined graphically. The equilibrium solution would be at the intersection of the two reaction functions. Note that if you graph the functions the axes represent quantities. The reaction functions are not necessarily symmetric. The firms may face differing cost functions in which case the reaction functions would not be identical nor would the equilibrium quantities.
Neither firm has any reason to change strategy. If the firm raises prices it will lose all its customers. If the firm lowers price P < MC then it will be losing money on every unit sold.
The gap in the marginal revenue curve means that marginal costs can fluctuate without changing equilibrium price and quantity. Thus prices tend to be rigid.
Many industries have been cited as oligopolistic, including civil aviation, agricultural pesticides, electricity, and platinum group metal mining. In most countries, the telecommunications sector is characterized by an oligopolistic market structure. Rail freight markets in the European Union have an oligopolistic structure. In the United States, industries that have identified as oligopolistic include food processing, funeral services, sugar refining, beer, pulp and paper, , automobiles
Market power and market concentration can be estimated or quantified using several different tools and measurements, including the Lerner index, stochastic frontier analysis, and New Empirical Industrial Organization (NEIO) modeling, as well as the Herfindahl-Hirschman index.
In an oligopoly, firms operate under imperfect competition. With the fierce price competitiveness created by this sticky-upward demand curve, firms use non-price competition in order to accrue greater revenue and market share.
This biographical article relating to Kazakhstani association football is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Created by John Broome and Carmine Infantino, the character made his first appearance in Showcase #8 (June 1957).
In the 2006 "One Year Later" storyline, he and several other Rogues are approached by Inertia with a plan to kill the Flash (then Barry Allen). Though Inertia was defeated, Captain Cold, Weather Wizard, Heat Wave, Mirror Master and Abra Kadabra killed Bart with a combined barrage of their elemental weapons. He, Heat Wave, and Weather Wizard seemed to express guilt, however, after learning the identity of the Flash and how young he was.
Captain Cold is one of the exiled villains featured in the 2007-08 miniseries Salvation Run along with his fellow Rogues: Heat Wave, Weather Wizard, Mirror Master, and Abra Kadabra.
In the 2009 The Flash: Rebirth miniseries, Captain Cold is seen with the other Rogues, reading about Barry Allen's return and claiming that they would need more of the Rogues. The Rogues are still debating Allen's return, with Cold saying it's time to pull out their contingency plan that Scudder came up with, stating "In case The Flash returns, break glass."
In The Flash vol. 3, Captain Cold and the Rogues visit Sam Scudder's old hideout and unveil a giant mirror with the words In Case of Flash: Break Glass written on it and release beings from a Mirror World upon breaking it. However, Captain Cold is told by Mirror Master he had discovered that the giant mirror is actually a slow acting poison.
In the Watchmen sequel Doomsday Clock, Captain Cold and his fellow Rogues are among the villains that attend the underground meeting held by Riddler that talks about the Superman Theory.
Like the majority of the Flash's Rogues, Snart had no innate superhuman powers. He instead relied on his cold guns and instincts. Over the years, Snart had modified his weapons to allow a variety of effects such as:
Fellow ice-based villain Mr. Freeze has noted that Cold is the only cold-themed villain in the DC Universe to have mastered "absolute zero" with his weapons.
The boys' doubles of the tournament 2019 BWF World Junior Championships will be held from 7 to 13 October 2019. The defending champions is Di Zijian/Wang Chang from China.
Shin Dong-hyuk (also known as Frank Shin) is a fictional character portrayed by Bae Yong-joon in the 2001 South Korean television drama series Hotelier. The character also appeared in a cameo appearance in the Japanese version television series of the same name, which was produced by Asahi TV.
Shin was an attorney and takeover businessman of M&A, and is a Korean American. As a child, he had emigrated from South Korea to the United States.
Shin reappeared as a minor role in the Japanese version of Hotelier, produced by TV Asahi, and was seen mainly in the first episode as well as a few cameo appearances in some of the subsequent episodes. In the Japanese version, he was a hotelier expert working in the M&A company, and Odagiri Kyoko (played by Ueto Aya) approached Shin for advice after the manager of  Tokyo Ocean Hotel fell ill at the time when it went into a period of financial crisis.
Antonio Gonzaga Netto, or more known as Toni Netto is a former Brazilian football player and manager.
He managed teams in Middle East (Kuwait, Oman, Qatar and Saudi Arabia) and Southeast Asia (Malaysia and Indonesia) during his career.
In Malaysia, arguably his most well known successful stint in Perak FA from 2002 to 2005, bringing 2 league titles (Malaysia Premier One, predecessor to Malaysia Super League) and 2 cup titles (Malaysia FA Cup and Malaysia Charity Shield) to Perak. This includes winning the first league title for Perak in 13 years, in his debut year in 2002. For his services to Perak football, he received the Paduka Mahkota Perak award from Sultan of Perak, Raja Azlan Shah in 2005.
He also managed Persipura Jayapura in early 2006, after his stint with Perak. But when the defending Indonesian champion made the worst start to the 2006 championship, losing two and drawing two of their first four matches, he was released in February 2006 along with his assistant Yusak Susanto. Later in the same year he was back in Malaysia for a short spell with struggling club MPPJ FC.
This biographical article related to association football in Brazil is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
On 2 August 2012, Mera joined Russian Premier League side FC Alania Vladikavkaz on a three-year contract.
Lucy Rose Doolan (born 11 December 1987) is a New Zealand former cricketer who played as an all-rounder, batting right-handed and bowling right-arm off break. She appeared in 40 One Day Internationals and 33 Twenty20 Internationals for New Zealand between 2008 and 2013. She played domestic cricket for Wellington Blaze, as well as stints for Essex, Nottinghamshire and South Australia. In March 2019, she announced her retirement from all forms of cricket.
This biographical article related to a New Zealand cricket person born in the 1980s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
On February 4, Williams announced Flowers for Vases / Descansos via social media a day before its release, including the album's credits, also explaining that the album serves as a prequel or "detour" from her first studio album Petals for Armor.
Flowers for Vases / Descansos was met with positive reviews from music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized score out of 100 to ratings from publications, the album received an average score of 79 based on 15 reviews, indicating "generally favorable reviews".
The Center for Italian Modern Art is an American art museum and research center in the SoHo district of Manhattan, in New York. It specializes in Italian modern and contemporary art. It was started in 2013, and is a 501(c)(3) organization. It publishes an online journal, Italian Modern Art,[citation needed] and offers fellowships for study at the center or in Italy.
Heilbronner Spielvereinigung was the younger side, founded in 1907 as Sportverein Adler. This club joined VfR for the first time in 1907, but was re-formed as a separate side in 1927. They joined Turnerbund Heilbronn in 1933 to form Heilbronner Spvgg 07. Through the years, the new club maintained good relations with VfR Heilbronn in all its incarnations, until the two sides finally merged in 2003.
Heilbronner SpVgg never enjoyed even that level of success, only managing to work their way up to the Landesliga (VI) before the merger.
Trimyristin is an ester with the chemical formula C45H86O6.  It is a saturated fat which is the triglyceride of myristic acid. Trimyristin is a white to yellowish-gray solid that is insoluble in water, but soluble in ethanol, acetone, benzene, chloroform, dichloromethane, ether, and TBME.
Conner Duthie (born 2 February 1997) is a Scottish footballer, who plays as a midfielder or striker for Scottish League One side Dumbarton. He has previously played for Hibernian, Dunfermline Athletic, Spartans, Stenhousemuir and Forfar Athletic.
Jeffery Bernard Simmons Jr. (born July 28, 1997) is an American football defensive end for the Tennessee Titans of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Mississippi State.
After a standout career playing at Noxubee County High School in Mississippi, Simmons was considered a five-star prospect and committed to Mississippi State over Alabama and Ole Miss.
Simmons played in 12 games, starting three, as a true freshman in 2016. He had a breakout season in 2017 and was a consensus selection to the 2017 All-SEC football team.  On December 20, 2018, Simmons declared for the 2019 NFL Draft. On February 12, 2019, Simmons tore his ACL while training for the draft.
On May 22, 2019, Simmons signed a four-year $12.66 million rookie contract with a team option for a fifth year with a $7.23 million signing bonus. He was placed on the reserve/non-football injury list to start the 2019 season while recovering from his torn ACL.
In college, Simmons was a two-time member of the SEC Academic Honor Roll. Simmons' brother, Dylan Bradley, played football at Southern Miss and then spent time with the Minnesota Vikings while his uncle, Jason Hatcher, played 10 total seasons with the Dallas Cowboys and Washington Redskins. Away from football, Simmons enjoys fishing and spending time outdoors. He has a son named Jeffery Jr. and two sisters, Brooke and Ashley.
"I do want to say another thing. No. 98 [Simmons] for the Titans - I had that guy spit in my face today. I just want to put him on notice in the media. I've never done this in my career, but I just want to let you know that there's a right way and a wrong way to play football. That guy did not do it the right way today."
The oni was chosen on a rotating basis, from a branch of the ruling dynasty. Once a member was selected, they were secluded from the rest. Below the oni, in the state there were: palace officials, town chiefs, and rulers of outlying dependencies. The Ife model of government was adapted at Oyo. Eventually, Oyo turned into a constitutional monarchy, but this was not the actual government. Unlike the Yoruba, Oyo had cavalry forces. This helped develop trading further north.
Bornu's prosperity depended on the trans-Sudanic slave trade and the desert trade in salt and livestock. The need to protect its commercial interests compelled Bornu to intervene in Kanem, which continued to be a theater of war throughout the 15th and into the 16th centuries. Despite its relative political weakness in this period, Bornu's court and mosques under the patronage of a line of scholarly kings earned fame as centers of Islamic culture and learning.
Kapp Borthen is a headland in Wedel Jarlsberg Land at Spitsbergen, Svalbard. It is located at the western coast of Spitsbergen, at the front of the glacier Torellbreen.  The headland is named after Norwegian ship-owner Harry Borthen.
Cirrhochrista diploschalis is a moth in the family Crambidae. It is found in Papua New Guinea, on the D'Entrecasteaux Islands (Fergusson Island).
It is said that Basir was on his deathbed when a letter from Muhammad with permission to return to Medina reached him. He died while holding Muhammad's letter in his hand.
Ibn Hajar al-Asqalani's Fath al-Bari contains one of the more detailed accounts of Abu Basir's life.
Jalan Kesang Tasik (Malacca state route M112 and Johor state route J112) is a major road in Malacca and Johor state, Malaysia.
In some cases an observatory would move to a new location, or the equatorial telescope itself would be removed. The space would then be converted, for example, into use as a classroom or library. These peculiar rooms can sometimes be found in buildings at old colleges and towns, with their former use long forgotten.
This article related to a type of room in a building is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
SS Lexington was an American Passenger ship that collided with Jane Christenson and sank on 2 January 1935 on the East River in New York City while carrying general cargo and 201 passengers and crew from New York to Providence, Rhode Island.
Short Stories is a studio album by the Kronos Quartet, containing works by Elliott Sharp, Willie Dixon, John Oswald, John Zorn, Henry Cowell, Steven Mackey, Scott Johnson, Sofia Gubaidulina, and Pandit Pran Nath.
AllMusic's "Blue" Gene Tyranny describes this album as a, "fascinating collection," of nine pieces by, "very different composers," and that, "the Kronos Quartet is in top form throughout all these selections." A Wired review says that, "a fine mesh of brains and guts, Short Stories is an eclectic roller-coaster ride through 20th-century music."
The 1936 NFL season was the 17th regular season of the National Football League. For the first time since the league was founded, there were no team transactions (neither a club folded nor did a new one join the NFL), and all league teams played the same number of games.
The season ended when the Green Bay Packers defeated the Boston Redskins in the NFL Championship Game at the Polo Grounds in New York City. This was the first NFL title game to be held at a neutral venue, and is also the only time in NFL history that a team with the home field advantage declined to play at their own stadium, and elected to play at a neutral site.
While the Eastern Division champion Redskins were the host team, their owner, George Preston Marshall, the Packers and the League mutually agreed to move the game from Fenway Park due to low ticket sales in Boston.
The 1936 NFL Draft, the first ever draft held by the NFL, was held on February 8, 1936 at Philadelphia's Ritz-Carlton Hotel. With the first pick, the Philadelphia Eagles selected halfback Jay Berwanger from the University of Chicago.
The Central America bioregion is a biogeographic region comprising southern Mexico and Central America.
The bioregion covers the southern portion of Mexico, all of Belize, Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, and Nicaragua, and all but easternmost Panama.
WWF defines bioregions as "geographic clusters of ecoregions that may span several habitat types, but have strong biogeographic affinities, particularly at taxonomic levels higher than the species level (genus, family)."
The bioregion lies in the tropics, and is home to tropical moist broadleaf forests, tropical dry broadleaf forests, and tropical coniferous forests. The higher mountains are home to cool-climate montane forests, grasslands and shrublands.
Central America connects North America to South America. The land bridge was completed 2.8 million years ago, when the Isthmus of Panama was formed, linking the two continents for the first time in tens of millions of years. The resulting Great American Interchange of animals and plants shaped the flora and fauna of the Central America bioregion.
Large mammals include the white-lipped peccary (Tayassu pecari), Baird's tapir (Tapirus bairdii), white-tailed deer (Odocoileus virginianus), Central American red brocket (Mazama temama), Yucatan brown brocket (Mazama pandora), giant anteater (Myrmecophaga tridactyla), brown-throated sloth (Bradypus variegatus), jaguar (Panthera onca), cougar (Puma concolor), and ocelot (Leopardus pardalis).
Plants of South American origin came to dominate the tropical lowlands of Central America, as did South American freshwater fish and invertebrates. 95% of Central American freshwater fish are South American in origin, with only the Tropical gar (Atractosteus tropicus), three clupeids (Dorosoma), a catostomid (Ictiobus), and an ictalurid (Ictalurus) of North American origin.
The montane vegetation of the region is distinct from the lowland vegetation, and includes species with origins in temperate North America, including oaks (Quercus), Pines (Pinus) and alders (Alnus), as well as a some species with origins in temperate South America, including Weinmannia and Drimys.
Churchtown railway station was on the West Lancashire Railway (WLR) in England. It opened in 1878 and served the Southport suburb of Churchtown.
In the Churchtown area, the railway ran above the streets on an embankment, and crossed Cambridge Road on an iron bridge. The station was on the east side of Cambridge Road immediately after the bridge, with the booking office situated at street level, on the westbound side of the station, roughly where Churchtown Medical Centre stands today.
Originally services ran from Southport Central to Preston Fishergate Hill. However, upon the WLR's absorption by the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway in 1901, both termini were closed to passengers and became goods depots. Services then ran from Southport Chapel Street to Preston.
Upon closure of the West Lancashire Railway in 1964, Churchtown station was demolished within days, to prevent any possible acts of vandalism and arson, as the station had been made entirely of wood (as with Penwortham Cop Lane railway station), along with both of its platforms.
Draco volans, also commonly known as the common flying dragon, is a species of lizard in the family Agamidae. The species is endemic to Southeast Asia. Like other members of genus Draco, this species has the ability to glide using winglike lateral extensions of skin called patagia.
The coloration of the patagia and the dewlap play key roles in the courtship of D. volans, with the males stretching out and displaying their patagia and dewlaps to get the attention of the females.
D. volans is diurnal, and is "commonly seen running along branches, displaying, and gliding". The species is exclusively arboreal.
D. volans feeds mainly on ants, and possibly other insects. A study was conducted in Eastern Mindanao, Philippines, which found that the species exclusively feeds on ants.
D. volans is commonly found in early second growth forests, in open secondary forest, and on forest edges.
The "wings" of D. volans are supported by its ribs, which form the skeleton of the patagia. However, its elongated ribs are superadded to aid forming its "wings", and not to assist respiration.
This species is considered a passive glider, or parachutist. However, previous studies have also shown that it can be considered a gliding animal. This means that it doesn't have to deal with the aerodynamic and metabolic imperatives required for active flight.
The Club Nintendo/My Nintendo version of Flipnote Studio 3D limits the sharing of Flipnotes to local wireless between 3DS systems, though users may still export their creations to SD cards and download Flipnotes from the DSi version.
A community-developed Flipnote Gallery: World service was created from the Nintendo DSi Library feature of European and American versions of Flipnote Studio 3D named Kaeru Gallery (formerly Project Kaeru and kaeru:world). However, this service is only able to be accessed with a modified Nintendo 3DS.
The Jordan national rugby team represents Jordan in international rugby union. They have yet to make their debut at the Rugby World Cup.
Jordan played their first test match against Lebanon on May the 14th, 2010, in Dubai. Despite losing 27-8 they won the Division 4 title of the 2010 HSBC Asian Five Nations.
He was educated at the Seminary of Imola, from 1922 until 1925 as well as the Regional Seminary Benedetto XV in Bologna from 1927 until 1934 where he earned a master's degree in dogmatic theology. He continued his studies at the Pontifical Institute "S. Apollinare" in Rome where he earned a doctorate utroque iuris (in both canon and civil law), with his thesis on De vita et operibus Alexandri Tartagni de Imola, 1939.
This biographical article related to a Spanish association football goalkeeper is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Grandidierites appear bluer in color the more iron (Fe) they contain. A recently discovered gemstone, blue ominelite, is the Fe-analogue (Fe, Mg) to grandidierite (Mg, Fe).
Grandidierites display strong trichroic pleochroism. That means that it can show three different colors depending on the viewing angle: dark blue-green, colorless (sometimes a very light yellow), or dark green.
While trichroism can usually help distinguish grandidierites from other gems, lazulites can occur with blue-green colors and show colorless/blue/dark blue pleochroism. Nevertheless, lazulites have somewhat higher refractive indices and specific gravity. Grandidierites also have greater hardness, with a 7.5 on the Mohs scale.
Large transparant faceted grandidierite specimens are extremely rare. The largest cut specimen currently known to the GIA weighs in at 763.5 carats.
Megalodon is an extinct genus of bivalve molluscs that reportedly lived from the Devonian to the Jurassic period. It is not clear, however, that all the fossils assigned to Megalodon from that span of time really belong in the same genus. Jurassic relatives of Megalodon such as Pachyrisma grande were closely related to the rudists.
Anwar Ratol (sometimes spelt Anwar Rataul) is a small, yellow variety of mango known for its sweetness and fiberlessness. It is sometimes called the 'mini powerhouse'. It is cultivated in the Punjab and Sindh regions of Pakistan, and near the village of Rataul in Uttar Pradesh, India. It is very sweet in taste with less fiber.
The early season variety is fragile and prone to the climate elements. Much of the crop is destroyed by strong wind and heavy rain, but it is also the most popular and sweeter of the two varieties. Its growing season is very short - just a few weeks in May and June.
The late season variety is more stable, with a thicker skin and is less sweet. It grows in July and August.
Since 1981, Pakistan has been sending Anwar Ratol to heads of state and diplomats as part of its mango diplomacy to promote their mangoes around the world and create better relations with other countries like Australia and India.
Stanyslav Kashtanov (born 31 July 1984 in Donetsk) is a Ukrainian (until 2014) and Russian (since 2015) boxer.
This biographical article related to a Ukrainian boxer is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This biographical article related to a Russian boxer is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Mellish was called in 1882 to the Bar at the Inner Temple. Instead of practicing law, he had a career in Nottinghamshire County government and served as a magistrate. He attained the rank of lieutenant-colonel of the Nottinghamshire Volunteers and Territorial Force.[citation needed]
In competitive rifle shooting he represented England in the Elcho Shield in over twenty occasions at Wimbledon and Bisley.
Frank Allen (born Francis Renaud McNeice, 14 December 1943, Hayes, Middlesex, England) is an English bass guitarist.
He has played bass guitar with Cliff Bennett and the Rebel Rousers and The Searchers (since 1964 when he replaced original bass guitarist Tony Jackson), and remained with  them until they played their final gig in 2019. Allen joined Cliff Bennett and the Rebel Rousers as rhythm guitarist in 1961, and changed over to bass guitar in early 1962, following the departure of Ben Jordan.
When Tony Jackson left the Searchers in August 1964 after a string of hits (including "Sweets for My Sweet", "Sugar and Spice" and "Needles and Pins"), Allen was asked to join the group. They then recorded "When You Walk in the Room",  with Mike Pender and Frank Allen singing a dual lead line.
Allen wrote a book of touring recollections called Travelling Man in 1999. His definitive and detailed biography of the Searchers entitled The Searchers And Me - A History of the Legendary Sixties Hitmakers was published in April 2009.
Carr won the title of Miss Teen International 2011 as Miss Teen Virginia International in Chicago, Illinois . She also received the Preliminary Fun Fashion Award, Photogenic Award, and was the winner of the Go Red Online Voting Award.  She traveled over 100,000 miles during her reign as an advocate for animals and the International Pageants national platform - The American Heart Association . Her crowning moment was featured in Times Square, New York.
Carr also won the title of Miss Tennessee International 2016 as Miss Tri-Cities International in Franklin, Tennessee on April 2, 2016. She also received the Woman of Excellence Award, Community Service Award, and Best Overall Evening Gown Award. She will compete for the title of Miss International 2016 in Jacksonville, Florida in July 2016.
Research Project Intern for The Humane Society of the United States at their corporate headquarters in Gaithersburg, MD - Summer 2015 
Advocate for the Stop Puppies Mills Campaign at the International Animal Care Expo 2012, Las Vegas, NV resulting in the closing of a loophole in the Animal Welfare Act for online breeders 
Appreciation Award from the American Heart Association 2012 - "For your support of the mission of the American Heart Association"
Certificate of Recognition awarded by the Student Outreach Department of The Humane Society of the United States 
Publications for The Humane Society of the United States to supplement internationally aired webinars for Humane Society Academy. Researched and written by Jurnee Carr as an intern at The Humane Society of the United States corporate headquarters in Gaithersburg, Maryland in summer 2015.
Nidhamu is a recording by the jazz musician Sun Ra and his Astro-Intergalactic-Infinity Arkestra, documenting their first visit to Egypt.
Tracks 1-3 were recorded live at the Ballon Theatre in Cairo on December 17, 1971; track 4 is a solo keyboard performance recorded a week previously.
Oberthueria guiteli is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Oberthueria.
The series ended on September 18 after 50 episodes. The 49th episode of the series aired on September 12, 2021 logged a national average viewership of 32.6% with 5.8 million viewers watching the episode, it placed the series at 7th rank among 'Top 50 series per nationwide viewers in Korea'.
The series opens with the murder of a mother that is committed during  parent's divorce proceedings and all members of the Lee family and the extended family are suspected of murder. This series further tells the suspenseful but humorous story of the aftermath of the murder.
Meanwhile, since Han Ye-seul was 12, he had dreamt of becoming a trot singer.After dropping out of high school, he came to Seoul to pursue his dream.He is hard-working,kind and righteous.
With this series Yoon Joo-sang is celebrating his 50th year of debut. He along with Go Won-hee, Ji Sung-won, Song Young-jae and Kim Na-yoon got an opportunity to come together again after 2015 TV series The Stars Are Shining. The cast line up was confirmed in December 2020.
As per Nielsen Korea, the 49th episode aired on September 12, 2021 logged a national average viewership of 32.6% with 5.8 million viewers watching the episode, thereby breaking its own highest ratings. It also takes the series at 7th place among 'Top 50 series per nationwide viewers in Korea'.
Savannah's website is split into two domain names: savannah.gnu.org for software that is officially part of the GNU Project, and savannah.nongnu.org for all other software.
Unlike SourceForge or GitHub, Savannah's focus is for hosting free software projects and has very strict hosting policies, including a ban against the use of non-free formats (such as Macromedia Flash[citation needed]) to ensure that only free software is hosted.  When registering a project, project submitters have to state which free software license the project uses.
Project owners do not have the freedom of deleting their submitted projects on their own wish and the staff has a policy of refusing all deletion requests, unless the project was approved by mistake or has always been empty.
CERN took interest in the sourcecode and hired Mathieu Roy, a savannah-hacker, to work in Geneva. It led to the development of Savane (software) starting in 2003.
GNU Savannah was totally or partly offline for months and, ultimately, did not move to GForge, which itself turned into proprietary software.
Mitchell Gregory Reginald Austin (born 3 April 1991) is a professional association football player who plays as a winger.
Born in England to an Australian father, Austin began his senior career at Stalybridge Celtic in 2010. Three years later, he joined Cambridge United and, after loans to Lincoln City, Brackley Town and Southport in 2014, Austin moved to Australian side Central Coast Mariners in 2015. He remained in Australia for four further years, playing at Melbourne Victory, Newcastle Jets and Sydney FC. In 2019 Austin moved to Scotland, playing one year for Partick Thistle.
Mitch Austin was born in Rochdale, Greater Manchester on 3 April 1991. He has a twin sister named Brittany. His father is the Australian rugby league, and rugby union footballer Greg Austin. He left England at the age of eight when his father retired from playing professional rugby and moved the family back to Australia.
Mitch Austin was a Manly United junior in Sydney, Australia. He was spotted by the scouts of Rotherham United in 2009 whilst on a tour of the UK with Manly United and was offered a scholarship with the youth academy.
On 13 September 2014, he made his professional debut for Cambridge United against Dagenham and Redbridge
In May 2015, Cambridge United announced, that Austin was one out of 12 players, who would leave the club in the summer 2015 expressing his wish to return to Australia .
On 1 June 2015, Central Coast Mariners announced that they had signed Austin to a two-year contract. After making 23 appearances in the first year of his contract, Austin asked to terminate his second year and was released by Central Coast Mariners.
On 17 June 2016, Melbourne Victory confirmed the signing of Austin as a straight swap for winger Connor Pain.
He made an outstanding start to his Victory career, earning Man of the Match honours in the club's pre-season friendly win over Juventus at the MCG.
Austin suffered an anterior cruciate ligament injury in training in November 2017, ruling him out for several months.
On 1 February 2018, Austin was selected to represent Melbourne Victory in the E-League's inaugural season, alongside Mouad Zwed, becoming one of a handful of professional football players to compete in e-sports as well.
With George Dantzig and D. R. Fulkerson, Johnson pioneered the use of cutting-plane methods for integer linear programming in solving the travelling salesman problem. He also made important contributions to the theory of scheduling production processes, writing an early paper on the flow shop scheduling problem that set the stage for much future research.
This biographical article relating to a South Korean baseball figure is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The game features many minigames and three main modes, and can be played alone or head-to-head with a second player.
The game received mixed reviews from critics, receiving a 69 out of 100 from Metacritic. Louis Bedigian on Gamezone gave it a 5 out of 10, stating that "while the game is successful in some areas and downright creative in others, Active Life: Outdoor Challenge is not be the most entertaining or most beneficial way to get in shape." Nintendo World Report reviewed the game, saying that the game "is a very promising start to a series and a great complement to Wii Fit."
On a few occasions, the energy of her Honey System goes out of control and begins to destroy everything that she touches. When this happens, Honey sleeps for three days and then goes into a berserk mode. To prevent this, Seiji has a device that will drain away the excess energy and return her to normal. To date, this has only occurred twice.
After finding out that both Miki and Yuki could transform as well, she tries to unite the three of them against Panther Claw. However, their clashing personalities have made this difficult. It was also revealed that she was the one who buried her father, Doctor Kisaragi, one year ago. However, she does not know the cause of his death.
This version of Cutie Honey is more empty-headed than her previous incarnations, possessing a very poor grasp of social conventions and an almost perpetually upbeat attitude, which has caused animosity amongst her peers in her class. Unlike the original where she was a Catholic school girl, in this version she attends a standard all-girls high school.
He constantly goes after different women. He confesses his love for Saotome Miki in a letter that he gives her, which she then proceed to tear up in front of him. He also expresses feelings for Yuki, but she also rejects him. Although he is rejected by both girls, he still continues to court them, especially Yuki.
Some time after the final battle was over, Hayami returned to the Kisaragi residence to gather up Doctor Kisaragi's research.  His original intention was to safeguard the information from Panther Claw and similar criminal organizations, but after discovering Doctor Kisaragi's notebook and learning the truth about Honey's creation, as well as Miki and Yuki, he instead throws all of Doctor Kisaragi's work in a burn barrel, effectively destroying it.
Yuki was originally a young girl living in a hospital.  She was dying of a terminal disease when she was discovered by Doctor Kisaragi, who remade her in a second attempt to recreate his daughter.  The experiment was initially a success, but just like with Miki, she was eventually discarded when flaws were shown in her system.
Natsuko seems a bit nerdy, and she has glasses that she constantly adjusts. She often expresses concern about her looks, the size of her breasts being an especial worry for her.
He runs an illegal gambling operation, creating and executing spectacular bets for the wealthy elite to place their money on. In the first episode, for example, he breaks three men out of prison, gives them advanced weaponry and takes bets on who will last the longest. However, he also rigs the results of these gambles by using his henchmen to interfere.
His role in Panther Claw is to create the cybernetic "human weapons" that they use as henchmen and in auctions to sell for profit. He accomplishes this using a medical care group as a front, using hospitals to change innocent patients into brainwashed bio-mechanical weapons.
In combat, she uses tekagi-shuko. By putting on a special half-mask, she can transform into her own armored form resembling a harlequin. In this form she can extend her hair to bind her opponents.
Hiromi was perhaps the most successful of the four Panther Claw leaders in obtaining the Honey System had she not lost control of Yuki. When Honey destroys the backup limiter, Hiromi assumes that Yuki was broken, but later suffered the same fate as Yuji as the liberated Yuki once again used "Honey Flash" and penetrated her with the chakram. In death, Hiromi asks her husband and son to "take care of the rest" before dissolving into molecules, leaving behind a starfish and various fishes.
She uses various frozen sea creatures as her weapons, from exploding starfish she throws like shurikens to a large fish which she wields like a sword. Naturally, they lose their effectiveness once they have thawed. Hiromi's most powerful weapon is a rocket launcher installed within her stomach.
Dasi Ruz (professionally also known as Ingrid Ruz) is an Australian actress who has been in several films and television shows.
Ruz is known for her role in the 2007 action-thriller film, The Condemned, written and directed by Scott Wiper. Ruz's character is Rosa, who was awaiting execution in Mexico with her husband, Paco. Rosa and her husband are chosen as contestants and taken to an isolated island, where the program would take place.
This article about an Australian film and television actor is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Thad Aaron Cockrell is an American singer-songwriter. He has released five solo albums, along with a collaborative album with Caitlin Cary and two albums with LEAGUES. Cockrell often writes emotional songs with the intent of inclusion.
Cockrell, the son of a Baptist pastor, grew up mostly in Tampa, Florida. His father was the pastor of an Independent Fundamental Baptist Church, and president of Cockrell's school.  While in school, Cockrell discovered his love of country music and rock n' roll, which was forbidden in his home. Cockrell cites bands such as The Everly Brothers, The Cure, and Nelson as early influences.
After high school Cockrell went on to graduate from Liberty University. He then studied at the Southeastern Baptist Theological Seminary in Wake Forest, North Carolina. It was there that Cockrell would begin writing songs.
In 2003 Cockrell again worked with producer Stamey for his second release Warmth and Beauty. CMT.com picked the album as a top independent release. Allmusic proclaimed that the album is "pure country music, untainted by commercial considerations and without rock influences". Cary and Tift Merritt lent harmony vocals on the song "Why Go".
Cockrell again collaborated with Cary for the 2005 duet album Begonias.  A review in the Washington Post praises the album for conveying the complexities of marriage, writing that it is "as good a traditional country album as we're likely to hear this year". Alternative country magazine No Depression praises Cockrell's lyrics as "straightforward simplicity", and also compliments the singing on the album as "intimate, immediate and intentionally under-rehearsed to capture an edge of freshness".
During his time in Nashville, Cockrell co-wrote and recorded a duet with Mindy Smith for her 2007 Christmas album My Holiday, entitled "I Know the Reason".
In the spring of 2016, Cockrell announced that he was working on his fifth solo album If In Case You Feel The Same, which was released via ATO Records in 2020.
The following is a partial list of minor planets, running from minor-planet number 132001 through 133000, inclusive. The primary data for this and other partial lists is based on JPL's "Small-Body Orbital Elements" and "Data Available from the Minor Planet Center". A detailed description of the table's columns and additional sources are given on the main page including a complete list of every page in this series, and a statistical break-up on the dynamical classification of minor planets.
Also see the summary list of all named bodies in numerical and alphabetical order, and the corresponding naming citations for the number range of this particular list. Note that new namings may only be added to this list after official publication, as the preannouncement of names is condemned by the Working Group Small Body Nomenclature of the International Astronomical Union.
Lauren Elaine (born November 7, 1983) is an American fashion designer, actress, and model. As a designer, she has appeared as a guest on America's Next Top Model. As an actress, she has appeared in Fox Searchlight's The Ringer (as "Brandi") and in Miramax'Sin City. She appeared in Dierks Bentley's music videos as "Becky" in "What Was I Thinkin'", "How Am I Doin'", "Lot of Leavin' Left to Do" and "Am I the Only One" as the same character.
Elaine's first big break in the entertainment industry was in 2003, when she was cast in the role of "Becky", the white tank-top-wearing beauty in Dierks Bentley's first video "What Was I Thinking". The video reached #1 on the CMT charts and the song on the Billboard charts, leading to three further appearances as Becky in successive videos. After this exposure, Elaine went on to have movie roles in Fox Searchlight's The Ringer and Miramax's Sin City.
In addition to her couture Black Label Collection, Elaine unveiled a Swim Collection in Hollywood in 2010 and the Laine by Lauren Elaine collection in 2013.
The song was used by Evolution again, when Triple H, Flair and Batista reunited the stable for one-night only in December 2007. As a result, the song was included in WWE's 2007 compilation album, Raw Greatest Hits: The Music. It is also featured in the video games WWE 13 and WWE 2K15.
The song was used once more on the April 14, 2014 episode of Raw, when Orton, Triple H, and Batista reunited the stable once more in a post-match confrontation with the Shield.
Seconds Before The Accident is a live album by the alternative rock  band Archers of Loaf released in 2000. It was the band's last release until Curse of the Loaf, another live album released in 2015.
Pitchfork gave the album 7.0 (out of 10), stating "to fans, this will prove a fitting swansong, and excellent documentation for an experience lost to another time."
He was educated at Queen's College, Oxford where he graduated BA in 1602, MA in 1605, BD in 1614 and DD in 1636.
He was appointed to the eighth stall in St George's Chapel, Windsor Castle in 1638 and held the canonry until 1639.
The Chilean player Paul Capdeville was the defending champion. However, he was eliminated by Benjamin Balleret in the first round.
Marchant presided over West v. Barnes (1791), which would be the first case appealed to the Supreme Court of the United States.[citation needed]
Marchant was a member of Second Congregational Church of Newport. His farm, the Henry Marchant Farm, is located in South Kingstown.[citation needed]
The island was named Melville Island by Matthew Flinders during his circumnavigation voyage in 1803.  The island was renamed Bremer Island in 1934 to avoid confusion with the larger Melville Island, part of the Tiwi Island Group just north of Darwin. A European settlement named Fort Dundas had been established on the larger Melville Island in 1824 by Sir James J. Gordon Bremer, but the settlement was unsuccessful and was abandoned in 1828.
Alcohol consumption is illegal on Bremer Island. Only tourists are allowed to consume small quantities.[citation needed] Only up to eight tourists are allowed to stay on the island at any given time. The only tourist facility is the small Banubanu Wilderness Retreat  at the northern tip of the island.
This biographical article relating to Argentine rugby union is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
During the Second World War Gimpel served in the French resistance, for which he was awarded the Croix de Guerre, the Resistance Medal and the Legion of Honour.
Author Ken Follett was inspired and informed by Gimpel's work and later retained him as a consultant while writing The Pillars of the Earth.
This article about a French historian or genealogist is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
April 29: The 30th and 60th fronts of the FARC launch a series of attacks against police stations in the Cauca Department.
Between January and early May 2011 the Colombian government claimed that FARC-EP killed 167 soldiers and policemen.
In 2010 the FARC killed at least 460 members of the security forces, while wounding more than 2,000, according to state statistics.
Mid Glamorganshire was a county constituency in Glamorganshire, Wales.  It returned one Member of Parliament (MP) to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, elected by the first past the post system.
The constituency was created by the Redistribution of Seats Act 1885 for the 1885 general election, as a result of the division of the old two-member Glamorgan county constituency into five seats. The new constituency had an overwhelmingly working-class electorate. It was abolished for the 1918 general election.
Created in the redistribution of seats in 1885 & from the old Glamorganshire constituency which had been in existence since 1541, the seat covered a wide area that included Maesteg, Llangeinor, Llynfi Valley, Aberpergwm, Margam Park, Briton Ferry, Glyncorrwg, Resolven. It was scrapped in the next redistribution of seats that took place in 1918.
Upon Talbot's death in 1890, his successor was Samuel Thomas Evans, a grocer's son from Skewen who was initially a militant nonconformist radical and supporter of Welsh Home Rule through Cymru Fydd. Evans, however, later toned down his radicalism on achieving ministerial office.
Evans is appointed president of the probate, divorce and admiralty division of the High Court of Justice, prompting a by-election.
Another General Election was scheduled to take place before the end of 1915. The political parties had been making preparations for an election to take place and by the July 1914, the following candidates had been selected; 
This page lists board and card games, wargames, miniatures games, and tabletop role-playing games published in 1988.  For video games, see 1988 in video gaming.
Darkening Sky is a 2010 American science fiction horror thriller film directed by Victor Bornia and stars Rider Strong, Danica Stewart and Ezra Buzzington.
Grad student, Eric Rainer, has a thesis: UFOs and ETs are modern-day myths designed to explain events that seem unexplainable. But after a disturbing alien abduction nightmare, Eric must face the sudden and mysterious disappearance of his girlfriend.
Desperate for answers, he meets a beautiful stranger (Danielle Keaton) who lost her boyfriend Josh Donald under similar circumstances.  Together, they unravel the mystery, going deeper and deeper into a bizarre world of alien shape-shifters, implanted objects, organ harvesting, and humans seemingly possessed by malevolent forces.
The film was shot in the end of the Summer 2009 in and around Los Angeles. Shooting wrapped at the end of August 2009, post production mid-2010.
Darkening Sky premiered at the 2010 Hollywood Film Festival, screening at the Arclight Hollywood on November 16.
Darkening Sky is being distributed worldwide by Maverick Entertainment Group. The DVD became available on November 1, 2011.
He was a five-time world champion in FMW as he won the Brass Knuckles Heavyweight Championship three times, Independent Heavyweight Championship one time and the WEW Heavyweight Championship one time. He also became a two time Brass Knuckles Tag Team Champion, a two time WEW World Tag Team Champion, a two time World Street Fight 6-Man Tag Team Champion and a two time WEW 6-Man Tag Team Champion. He also won All Japan Pro Wrestling's All Asia Tag Team Championship once.
In his post-retirement years, Ezaki promoted the Wrestling Marvelous Future (WMF) promotion, which spun off from FMW, but the promotion was a failure and ended in 2008. He headlined many pay-per-view events for FMW including the company's premier show Anniversary Show a record six times, consecutively for four years between 9th and 12th editions of the event.
Trained by former All Japan Pro Wrestling star and sumo wrestler Takashi Ishikawa, Eiji Ezaki made his professional wrestling debut at an independent show on November 2, 1987, teaming with Masashi Honda against three upper classmen. He and Honda would struggle in the very small indy circuit for four years before joining Frontier Martial Arts Wrestling's dojo, headed by another former AJPW alumnus Tarzan Goto.
Between January 1995 and April 1995, Ezaki wrestled in the United States, mainly in the Florida area. During this time, the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) was interested in Ezaki and offered a tryout, but he declined and remained with FMW.
Ezaki later pursued a career as a singer. He promoted a new wrestling company called WMF (Wrestlings Marvelous Future) that contained up-and-coming wrestlers. The name was chosen since, spelled backwards, the initials are FMW in honor of the late company. He traveled to a few WWE events where he met old friends such as Sabu, Rob Van Dam, and Rey Mysterio backstage. He also took photographs with Vince McMahon, Shane McMahon, and Triple H, and spoke with Jeff Hardy.
Ezaki attended the PWU (Pro Wrestling Unplugged) FAHRENHEIT: 3RD DEGREE event on August 19, 2006, at the New Alhambra (formerly known as ECW Arena). This was his first appearance in the USA since 2000, the last time being at E3 in Los Angeles, helping promote TOKYOPOP's FMW DVDs by having a 6-man tag match. He also participated in a shoot interview with RF Video.
Ezaki was active in working with the Dragon Gate promotion. He recorded a debut album with Dragon Kid titled Trust! which came out in November 2007. He partook in the company's first US tour, joining them in their appearance in Los Angeles on September 5 and Hawaii on September 8, 2008. Ezaki also designed the tour's T-shirt. When asked about his career in an interview, Ezaki said that one never knows what the chances are of a return to the ring.
On 3 April 2015, Hayabusa was part of a press conference announcing the return of FMW. He served as the executive producer of the promotion.
Many of the industry's wrestlers like Chris Jericho, Jonathan Gresham, Jack Evans, AJ Styles, Pac, and Kalisto were inspired by Hayabusa at some point in their careers.
Ezaki was the oldest of two sons. His maternal grandparents were owners of a hotel, which later his parents took over.
Ezaki married his wife Harumi on April 7, 1997. Together, they had two daughters, Ayane (born October 19, 1997) and Shie (born May 10, 1999). He and Harumi amicably divorced in 2004, but remained friends, while sharing custody of their daughters.
Ezaki has been close friends with Jushin Thunder Liger since 1994. The two had a falling out in 1996 after Ezaki turned down a deal with NJPW, but they mended their friendship in 2005.
In May 2005, he performed a play called The Shinichi Amano Story at the Tokyo Shinjuku Theater. He portrayed the main character's best friend Fuyuki Hayato, an injured air pilot soldier in World War II, who is wheelchair-bound. His performance was given positive reviews and the play was a huge success.[citation needed]
Ezaki died of a cerebral hemorrhage on March 3, 2016, at age 47. His body was found when the owner of a nearby tavern, with whom he was scheduled to meet concerning a March 7 event, went to his home after Ezaki failed to arrive for their planned meeting.
Live at XM is an EP by Wheatus released on 15 December 2004 and exclusively available at Apple's iTunes Store. It features five songs from a live performance that was part of an hour-long Wheatus special, broadcast by XM Satellite Radio. The song 'Lemonade' on the EP was dedicated to Brendan B. Brown's neighbors.
The 2010 La Crosse Spartans season was the team's first season as a football franchise and first in the Indoor Football League (IFL). One of twenty-five teams competing in the IFL for the 2010 season, the Spartans were members of the Central North Division of the United Conference. The team played their home games at the La Crosse Center in La Crosse, Wisconsin.
Hoffner had played in the 1921 International Challenge Match held at the Gleneagles Kings Course in Scotland. The match was the forerunner to the Ryder Cup matches. Upon his return to Philadelphia, Hoffner wrote an article in The Philadelphia Inquirer about the importance of the international sporting match for the greater good of relations between the people and governments of the two continents.
Hoffner was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in 1896, the son of Ellerslie W. Hoffner and his wife Matilda.  His first exposure to golf came as a caddie at Bala Golf Club in Philadelphia. At the young age of just 16, in 1912, he was promoted to assistant professional there and he remained in that position for the next two years.
He had two brothers, George and Robert, who were both accomplished players. His wife, Anna E. Smith of Philadelphia, was a descendant of Robert Morris, Jr., one of America's founding fathers. Their son, Charles Hoffner, Jr., was the head professional at several golf clubs in the Boca Raton, Florida, area.
Hoffner won the 1919 Pennsylvania Open at Whitemarsh Valley Country Club and was runner-up to Cyril Walker in 1921 and Johnny Farrell in 1927. He won the 1922 Philadelphia Open at Merion Golf Club east course. He was victorious in the Wood Memorial Tournament in 1947 and 1948.
NYF = Tournament not yet founded NT = No tournament DNP = Did not play WD = Withdrew ? = Unknown R64, R32, R16, QF, SF = Round in which player lost in PGA Championship match play "T" indicates a tie for a place
Point de chute (English titles: Stumbling Point, Falling Point) is a 1970 French film, directed by Robert Hossein and starring Johnny Hallyday.
This article related to a French film of the 1970s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Goss v. Lopez, 419 U.S. 565 (1975), was a US Supreme Court case. It held that a public school must conduct a hearing before subjecting a student to suspension. Also, a suspension without a hearing violates the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment of the US Constitution.
Nine students, including a student named Dwight Lopez, were suspended from Central High School in Columbus, Ohio for 10 days for destroying school property and disrupting the learning environment.
The law required students' parents to be notified of the action within 24 hours to be given the reason.
A three-judge District Court struck down the law as a violation of students' right to due process of law. The United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio held:
Having chosen to extend the right to an education to people of appellees' class generally, Ohio may not withdraw that right on grounds of misconduct or absent fundamentally fair procedures to determine whether the misconduct has occurred, and must recognize a student's legitimate entitlement to a public education as a property interest that is protected by the Due Process Clause, and that may not be taken away for misconduct without observing minimum procedures required by that Clause.
The District Court reprimanded the school for its violation of the 14th Amendment, as there were "minimum requirements of notice and a hearing prior to suspension, except in emergency situations." The case was appealed by the school to the Supreme Court. .
Justice Byron R. White delivered the opinion of the Court, on behalf of a narrow 5-4 majority. It held that the state had violated due process by suspending the students without a hearing. The state had made education a fundamental right by providing for free public education for all residents between 5 and 21. The Court stated that protected interests are created not  by the Constitution but by its institutions (Board of Regents v. Roth).
The Court held that a 10-day suspension was not a de minimis deprivation of property. It also stated that suspending students had the potential of seriously harming their reputation and affecting their future employment and education. The Court also held that the state had no authority to deprive students of their property interest in educational benefits or their liberty interest in reputation, without due process of law.
The Court reiterated the principle, first clearly formulated in Tinker v. Des Moines School Dist. but established in a long line of decisions before that case, students "do not shed their constitutional rights at the schoolhouse door."
Lewis Powell wrote the dissent that argued that the Ohio statute had granted the right to education, not the right to education without discipline. He challenged the court's finding that the suspension was severe enough to bring the Due Process Clause into play.
Powell also argued that the safeguards provided by the Ohio statute were sufficient. The statute required the student's parents and the Board of Education to be given written notice of the suspension and "reasons therefor" within 24 hours. Powell also argued that the informal hearing proposed    by the majority would not provide significantly more protection.
"Imaginary Monsters" is the EP by the Canadian rock band The Birthday Massacre, and contains three new tracks, and five remixes. It was released August 9, 2011. The whole album was made available for streaming direct from the band's Myspace on August 4, 2011. Album artwork by Owen Mackinder, the band's keyboardist.
Behold the Man (1969) is a science fiction novel by British writer Michael Moorcock. It originally appeared as a novella in a 1966 issue of New Worlds; later, Moorcock produced an expanded version which was first published in 1969 by Allison & Busby. The title derives from the Gospel of John, Chapter 19, Verse 5: "Then Jesus came out, wearing the crown of thorns and the purple robe. And Pilate said to them Behold the Man".
In the novel, Moorcock weaves an existentialist tale about Karl Glogauer, a man who travels from the year 1970 in a time machine to 28 AD, where he hopes to meet the historical Jesus of Nazareth.
In the end, determined to live the story of Jesus to its decidedly bitter end, he orders a puzzled Judas to betray him to the Romans, and dies on the cross. His last, agonised words, however, are not Eloi, eloi, lama sabachthani, but the phonetically similar English it's a lie ... it's a lie ... it's a lie ...
After Karl's death on the cross, the body is stolen by a doctor who believed the body had magical properties, leading to rumours that he did not die. The doctor is disappointed when the body begins to rot as any normal human would.
The Burger King Basketball Classic, formerly known as the McDonald's Classic from 1983 to 2010, is a four-team boys high school basketball invitational tournament held each year since 1983 in Erie, Pennsylvania.
Since its inception in 1983, the Burger King Classic has been considered one of the best four-team high school tournaments in the country. Maxpreps.com and Eddie Oliver from Hoops USA called it "the best" and ESPN.com has called it one of the most impactful events of MLK weekend. Each year, nationally ranked teams with future NCAA Division-I and NBA  players travel to Erie to battle for the championship and the opportunity to play against other top talent.
The Burger King Classic has hosted the nation's top-ranked team eight times, over 25 state champions and nearly two dozen All-Americans and future NBA players. Hosted by Cathedral Preparatory School, the tournament has drawn thousands of basketball fans from across the nation each year. Kennedy Catholic (PA) is the defending Classic champions while Rice (CA) has won the tournament a record four times.
The Burger King Classic has been played at three locations in its history. The Erie Insurance Arena was used to house the tournament in the 1980s. In 1989, the location was moved to Gannon University's Hammermill Center. In 2016, the tournament was moved to the JoAnn Mullen Gymnasium at the Hagerty Family Events Center.  The Classic is held in mid-January over a Friday and Saturday.
Ron Sertz, former Cathedral Prep Athletic Director and Director of Operations for the Erie Otters, founded the tournament and ran it for its first 25 years of existence. In 1983, after a year as Athletic Director at Cathedral Prep, he decided to begin a top-level tip-off classic for the community.
In 2010, Burger King signed a multi-year sponsorship deal with the Classic, taking the event's title away from rival McDonald's, who had held the moniker since 1983.
The tournament is composed of four teams in a round-robin format. Classic teams usually arrive on the Thursday before the tournament begins. Each team is assigned a host from Cathedral Prep who caters to them for the entire day, makes sure they get to meals, and finds places they wish to visit. Each team is given rooms at the Sheraton Erie Bay front Hotel.
Thursday is usually spent as a time to settle in for each team. On Friday, practices are scheduled by the host for each team to attend. Each practice is held at Cathedral Prep's gymnasium and is usually a shoot-around for the team. The first game normally tips off Friday night at 7:00.
On Saturday, teams may schedule a shoot-around at the Prep gymnasium if they wish or they may travel around Erie. The consolation match takes place at 7:00 between the two teams who lost the previous night and then the night is highlighted by the Classic Championship at 8:30. After the championship game, a presentation ceremony takes place and words are said from the winning coach on the tournament. Sunday morning the teams return to their respective schools.
Since its inception in 1983, the Classic has been hosted by Cathedral Prep of Erie, Pennsylvania. Cathedral Prep is a male-only Roman Catholic high school in Erie, Pennsylvania, in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Erie. Prep, as the school is commonly called in Erie, was established in 1921 by then Bishop John Mark Gannon. Bishop Gannon founded Prep as an all-male Catholic high school.
The first Classic runs as a tip-off tournament as Cathedral Prep stuns Philadelphia Roman Catholic in overtime on opening night. The host Ramblers would go on to lose to New York powerhouse Bishop Loughlin, 70-63. Prep would go on to the state finals.
New York state champion Christ the King hands defending Pennsylvania champ Williamsport a loss in the finals. Prep loses 51-50 to the Millionaires on the first night of action but would bounce back with a consolation-game win over Benedictine.
DeMatha Catholic enters the Classic as the #1 ranked team in the nation, but leaves an upset victim to Hopkinsville High, the Kentucky state champs, 74-69. Meanwhile the host Ramblers get a nice win in the consolation game versus Ohio power Canton McKinley.
Cleveland St. Joseph comes to Erie featuring the tallest front line in America. Superstar Treg Lee leads the Vikings to a 65-58 victory in the finals over Meadville, a team that would make it all the way to the PA State AAAA championship game.
Coach Marcel Arribi makes his coaching debut at Prep and sneaks past archrival McDowell, 56-54, on opening night. Then the Ramblers pull off one of the most stunning upsets in Prep history in the finals by handing top-ranked national power Oak Hill Academy.
No tournament played. Tournament moved from a season tip-off into January and from the Civic Center to Gannon University.
National Champion New Jersey St. Anthony, led by Bobby Hurley, Terry Dehere and Jerry Walker, make easy pickings of Admiral King and Cleveland St. Joseph en route to an undefeated season.
Oak Hill Academy, led by Anthony Cade, returns to the Classic as America's top-rated team and gains a measure of revenge for their loss in 1987 by handling Prep in the title tilt.
Detroit Country Day, led by unanimous All-American Chris Webber, came to the Classic as the favorites, but were upset in the first round by Brooklyn's Bishop Loughlin, who were led by Kentucky-bound Andre Riddick. Loughlin's joy was short-lived, however, as they fell victim to the host Ramblers on a last-second 3-pointer by Jim Hamilton.
This year again featured the nation's top-ranked team, Baltimore Dunbar, and the Poets live up to advance billing by thrashing #3 Oak Hill on opening night, then crushing Dayton Dunbar in the finals. Dunbar would finish the season as National Champions.
Bishop Loughlin makes a third Classic appearance as the favorites, but does not make the finals due to an upset loss to New York LaSalle Academy. Ed Elisma, a 6'10" shot-blocker, is touted as New York City's finest and leads LaSalle into the finals against Prep. But the Ramblers stun LaSalle to win their third Classic crown.
Rice High School arrives in Erie as the #1 team in the country, led by the nation's best player, Felipe Lopez. The Raiders do not disappoint as they demolish St. Patrick, 78-49, and Villa-Angela St. Joseph, 80-58. Prep defeat St. Patrick 62-47 to win the consolation.
Paterson Catholic gets a record 41 points from the nation's #1 player, Tim Thomas, to edge Simon Gratz, 69-66, on opening night. Prep's own All-American, Jed Ryan, notches 31 the same night to lead the Ramblers over Chester High, 59-52. Paterson wins the title over Prep, 62-55, as Thomas garners 23 more points for a tournament-record 62.
Paterson Catholic becomes the Classic's first repeat champion with a relatively easy 70-50 title game conquest of St. Frances from Baltimore. Tim Thomas, in his second Classic, scored 29 points in the championship game, added to the 25 he compiled on opening night in a 65-51 ousting of LaSalle Academy. Prep finished fourth after a loss to St. Frances, 86-60, and a heartbreaking double overtime defeat to LaSalle, 44-40.
Prep neutralizes All-American Sam Clancey, who scores only nine points, but Steve Logan and Gino Bartalone combine for 27 tallies to lead St. Edward to the crown over the Ramblers, 52-41. In the consolation contest, Javin Hunter's 30 points is not enough, and Detroit Country Day falls to Admiral King 63-62 in overtime.
Rice High School becomes only the third team in Classic history to win more than one title by dominating Hatboro-Horsham 80-61, led by Anthony Glover. All-American Matt Carroll scored 25 points in the opener to lead Hatboro Horsham over Prep, but the Ramblers bounced backed with a solid 51-42 consolation win against Simon Gratz. 
New Jersey St. Patrick avenged their disappointing 1994 performance and won the Classic Crown with an opening night 55-47 win over L.A. Westchester and a 57-45 finals victory against Washington Archbishop Carroll. Jerome Holman and Samuel Dalembert were Celtic standouts. Prep lost both nights to Carroll, 54-47, and Westchester, 65-45.
LaSalle Academy finally takes home a Classic crown, led by Rodney Epperson and Famous Brown. Defending Pennsylvania AAAA champ Williamsport, featuring All-American Chevy Troutman, is the victim 63-55. LaSalle defeated Prep, 59-44, on opening night, while Williamsport dismantled Simon Gratz, 70-52. Gratz routed Prep, 59-30 in the consolation.
Rice High School won their third Classic title with a 79-61 win over Lexington Catholic. Shagari Alleyne, a 7'4" sophomore sensation, teamed with Ken Eusey for 43 points. LaSalle Academy nudged Prep, 49-47, for consolation honors. Rice blasted last year's champs, LaSalle, 77-46 and Jack Heissenbuttel led Lexington over Prep 74-66 on opening night.
Westchester High entered the Classic as the nation's #1 team and did not disappoint. Setting tournament records for most points, rebounds and steals, the Comets easily disposed of D.C. Dunbar, 93-51, in the opener and routed Chester 100-50 to claim their first Classic title. Chester edged Prep 54-48, on opening night, but Prep, led by Andy Kubinski and Mike Sertz, bounced back to claim consolation honors, 69-62, over Dunbar.
McQuaid Jesuit was ranked #6 in the nation, but faced 3-time Classic champion Rice High in the finals. Rice, ranked #16, was led by 7'3" Shagari Alleyne, but Tyler Relph, Ryan Pettinella and Marty O'Sullivan combined for 55 points to lead McQuaid to a 69-63 win. McQuaid dropped Prep in the opener, 78-50, while Rice disposed of Georgetown Prep which was led by 7'2" Roy Hibbert and 6'9" Davis Nwankwo, 59-55. Georgetown grabbed consolation honors over the Ramblers, 49-43.
Orlando's Edgewater High lived up to their preseason billing as the nation's #1 team by beating a tenacious Mount Vernon squad, 69-67, to win the '04 Classic crown. All-American superstar Darius Washington converted a layup with only 15 seconds to play to seal the win. Mount Vernon was #4 in the national rankings. Edgewater snuck by Philadelphia Cardinal Dougherty (#7 ranking) on opening night, while Mount Vernon thrashed Prep 72-43. Dougherty made Prep 0-2 with a 78-60 consolation win.
Fairley High from Memphis, Tennessee, pulled a mild upset of Virginia's Bishop O'Connell High, 49-44, to win the '05 Classic title. Fairley, led by Anthony Mason Jr., barely edged powerful Westbury Christian on opening night, while O'Connell, starring North Carolina-bound All-American Marcus Ginyard, pounded Prep 79-58. Prep gave a strong effort in the consolation before succumbing 51-46 to Westbury Christian.
Four-time Wisconsin State Champion Rufus King High from Milwaukee rode into town and carried off the Classic championship by knocking off New York power Mount Vernon, 67-57, on opening night, and then overwhelming Cathedral Prep, 65-48, in the title tilt. Prep, which hadn't been in the finals since 1997, beat AAAA Pennsylvania champion Chester High, 88-84 in overtime to reach the championship game.
St. Edward, led by National Junior of the Year Delvon Roe, made the short trip to Erie and won their second Classic title by edging Westchester, 68-65 in the opening round before trouncing Solon High, 70-41, in the finals. Solon had squeaked by Prep on opening night, but Prep pulled off the biggest upset in the tournament over #10 ranked Westchester, 64-60, in the consolation game.
Rice won their record 4th McDonald's Classic with a blowout over the host Ramblers and a tight win over St. Patrick in the finals. Attempting to defend their title without injured star Delvon Roe, St. Edward suffered their first loss in three appearances in the Classic. However, the Eagles bounced back to beat host Cathedral Prep in the consolation game.
Coming in with a 1-5 all-time tournament record, Chester (PA) nudged the host Ramblers before pounding Washington DC's Archbishop Carroll in an anti-climactic final. Rahlir Jefferson led Chester in the final with 26 points and 11 rebounds. Houston's Westbury Christian defeated the host Ramblers in the consolation game.
Defending PIAA AAAA champion Penn Wood sneaks by Classic veteran Mount Vernon and newcomer Nichols to win the Classic in their first ever appearance. Wood's Jabarie Hinds set a Classic record with nine three-pointers and 39 points against host Cathedral Prep. The Ramblers played both opponents tough, but fell by a combined 23 points.  Final year as the "McDonald's Classic".
Defending McDonald's/Burger King Classic champion Penn Wood joined Paterson Catholic as the only schools to repeat as the tournament's ultimate victors, as the Patriots won a close contest with St. Edward, followed by their title-clinching triumph over newcomer Charlotte Christian. The host Ramblers extended their Classic losing-streak to eight games after an opening overtime loss to Charlotte Christian and a consolation defeat to St. Edward. First year as the 'Burger King' Classic.
In one of the most dominating displays in Classic history, ESPN #17 Milton won their two games by a combined 62 points. The Eagles were led by Auburn commit Shaq Johnson who scored a team-high 36 points on a number of thunderous dunks. Despite falling to Jamesville-Dewitt in the opening round, the host Ramblers earned their first Classic game win since 2007, topping Niagara Falls by five in the consolation.
In a Pennsylvania-dominated Classic, Imhotep Charter outlasted Lower Merion in an all-Philly final. Balanced scoring and toughness inside helped Imhotep throughout a physical tournament. The Panthers crushed host Cathedral Prep in the opening game, but the Ramblers responded in the consolation, upsetting nationally-ranked Bishop O'Connell.
Archbishop Carroll, the top team in Pennsylvania, finally captured a Classic title in their third appearance, grinding past the host Ramblers before dominating Chicago's St. Rita's in the final. In the consolation game, Cleveland's Villa Angela-St. Joseph took it to Prep, sending the Ramblers to their first consolation game loss since 2011.
St. Edward closed out the tournament's Hammermill Center era by winning their third Classic title, defeating PA #1 Constitution 70-63 in the first overtime championship game in Classic history. The Eagles became the first team to win a Classic title in three different decades. Nationally-ranked Pope John XXIII rebounded from a tough opening game loss to take the consolation game against the host Ramblers.
In the first Burger King Classic held at the Prep Events Center, Philadelphia-based Neumann-Goretti defeated defending-champion St. Edward in the opening round before topping Toronto St. Michael's to win the tournament crown.  Quade Green (eventual Kentucky commit) led the way for the Saints, totaling 48 points in the two-game span. Meanwhile, the host Ramblers suffered a buzzer-beating three-point loss to Toronto St. Michael's before dropping the consolation game to St. Ed's.
Westerville South's Kaleb Wesson set the single-game Classic record with 43 points - surpassing Tim Thomas' 41 in 1995 - in an opening-round win over the host Ramblers. In the championship game, West had 19 rebounds and finished the tournament with 34, second all-time behind Andre Kibbler's 36 in 1983.  However, it was Virginia's Paul VI Panthers that ended up taking the crown, topping Wesson and the Wildcats in the title match.  Cathedral Prep was blown out in both of its games.
The D.C.-based Cadets used a second-half surge to power past the Bronx-based Gaels in the opening round before defeating the Mustangs to win the tournament crown.  Navy commit Richard Njoku led St. John's with 24 points for the tournament.  Prep would drop both of its games, extending the Ramblers' tournament losing streak to 10 games.
In a series of dunk-filled contests, the Golden Eagles overwhelmed the  Eagles before claiming the crown over the Colonials.  West Virginia commit Oscar Tshiebwe led the way with 48 points and set a Burger King Classic record with 37 rebounds, surpassing Andre Kibbler's record from 1983 (36).  The host Ramblers dropped their opening game against Plymouth-Whitemarsh before suffering a 12th straight loss in their tournament in double overtime in the consolation game.
In one of the weakest fields in Classic history, the host Ramblers began their tournament run with a victory over Thurgood Marshall, their first Classic win since 2013. However, Imhotep Charter, which defeated Andrews Osborne in the opening game, edged Prep for its second Classic crown.  Notre Dame commit Elijah Taylor led the way with 27 points for the tournament.
No tournament played, due to the Coronavirus pandemic.  First time since 1988 that the event was canceled for the year.
In the McDonald's Classic 25th Anniversary game program, director Ron Sertz revealed his favorite memories from the history of the event.
St. Anthony (N.J.) from Classic '89 ("eventual national champions led by Bobby Hurley, Terry DeHere and Jerry Walker")
Marcel Arribi, Cathedral Prep ("never blessed with national talent, yet led Prep to 6 title game appearances and three titles")
Bishop Loughlin vs. Cathedral Prep, 1991 Championship ("Prep's Jim Hamilton won the Classic in a monumental upset with a buzzer-beating 3 pointer")
Cathedral Prep's 1987 Title run ("in the most exciting Classic ever, Prep defeated cross-city archrival McDowell in the opener and upset national #1 Oak Hill Academy in the final 58-48")
Cathedral Prep over Oak Hill, 1987 ("no one gave Prep a chance but coach Arribi out coached Oak Hill's Steve Smith and came away with the first of his three titles")
Lenny Cooke shatters a backboard, 2000 ("a pregame warm up dunk broke the backboard and delayed the title game by an hour")
Melvin Levitt's dunk, 1994 ("Levitt elevated completed over Prep's Keith Nies' head and threw it down from 6-8 feet from the hoop")
Schools from all over America have competed in the Burger King Classic. Over 33 years, 56 different schools have participated:
Listed below are the win/loss records, by winning percentage, and number of tournaments played by all Classic participants.
In 2008, for the 25th Anniversary of the McDonald's Classic, tournament director Ron Sertz compiled a list of the greatest players and coaches who have participated in the tournament. He chose four teams with six players (one from Cathedral Prep) and a coach on each. Selections were based on tournament performance, not future college or professional success.
Six fixed arms are connected in an asterisk pattern, with two sets of two seats attached at right angles to the arms. The arm assembly is connected to a main arm. Twenty-four riders at a time can be loaded onto the ride. Riders are restrained by an over-the-shoulder harness, with their legs dangling free for excitement.
The trailer version of the ride fits onto a standard road trailer, and can be assembled or racked in approximately 2 hours by two people.
"Zamperla Rides - Power Surge". Archived from the original on September 27, 2007. Retrieved 2007-01-26.
This article about an amusement ride or roller coaster is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
"Anywhere" is a 2002 single by English songwriter Beth Orton. It was released both as a CD, and as a DVD (the only Beth Orton release to appear on DVD format) and peaked at #55 in the UK charts. The song appears on the album Daybreaker.
Martin Elbourne (born 19 January 1957 in Carlisle, Cumberland) is an English performing arts promoter. Elbourne was brought up near the village of Knebworth, Hertfordshire. His first job, at age fifteen, was working for the local stately home Knebworth House which in the mid-seventies became the biggest venue in the United Kingdom for outdoor shows and hosted bands such as Led Zeppelin, The Rolling Stones and Pink Floyd.
He is best known as the promoter of rock concerts and is a well-known figure for his work in music and music festivals in the UK. He has been an advisor to, and one of main bookers for, the Glastonbury Festival for 30 years and has helped and advised numerous other festivals.
Elbourne ended up working for Rough Trade as a booking agent. His most famous clients were New Order and The Smiths. His relationship with New Order continued until the death of Rob Gretton. He managed various bands including Green on Red, David Rudder, and Gaye Bykers on Acid, and gradually became more involved with the Glastonbury Festival, ending up as its main booker.
In 2003, Elbourne co-founded The Great Escape Festival, held in Brighton, which has music industry related conferences during the day and features live music in the evenings.
U.K.-based artist manager Stephen Budd, Jon Mac, who co-founded The Great Escape; Vijay Nair, the managing director of India-based promoters and artist management company Only Much Louder; and Elbourne organized the NH7 Weekender Rock Festival in India in 2010.
Bidyut Baran Chaudhuri (B. B. Chauduri) is a senior computer scientist and the pro-vice-chancellor (academic) of Techno India University, West Bengal, India. He is also adjuncted to Indian Statistical Institute (ISI), where he was a Professor for about three decades. He was the founding Head of Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition Unit (which was established in 1994) of ISI. Moreover, he was a J.C. Bose Fellow and INAE Distinguished Professor at ISI.
His primary research contributes to the fields of computer vision, image processing and pattern recognition.  He is a pioneer of "Indian language script OCR".
Chaudhuri received his BSc (Hons.), BTech and MTech degrees from University of Calcutta, India in 1969, 1972 and 1974, respectively and PhD Degree from Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur in 1980. He did his Post-Doc work during 1981-82 from Queen's University, U.K, through Leverhulme Overseas Fellowship.
He is within World's Top 2% Scientists and Top-10 Indian AI Scientists according to a study conducted by Stanford University.
During the American Revolution Moncrief served in various campaigns throughout the colonies. In 1776  he served as guide to the 4th Regiment of Foot (now King's Own Royal Border Regiment) during a river crossing on the march to Philadelphia and participated in the Battle of Brandywine.
Captain James Moncrief Engineer and 50 Hessians, recovered the gun unspiked and all the detachment except 2 subalterns, 5 grenadiers and 2 artillery men. During this day the Rebels fired 3,000 Cannon Shot at this battery from the instant day broke. The Troops being few and harassed no work this night. This morning cold and white frost.
Moncrief was briefly captured by an American raid on the Flatlands Jans Martense Schenck house as part of the Whaleboat War in 1788. He later became Chief Engineer responsible for the defenses during the Siege of Savannah by combined American and French forces in 1779  and took part in the Battle of Stono Ferry in South Carolina.
In 1780 he took part in the successful Siege of Charleston by the British Army which resulted in the capture of 5,000 troops of the Continental Army.
Moncrief took command of the Black Pioneers a black Loyalist force, and had strong faith in the African American's ability to fight. After Lord Cornwallis' surrender at Yorktown he wrote General Clinton in New York to remind him of the invaluable service to Britain performed by those under his command while building the defenses at Savannah and Charleston and offered to continue the war with a brigade of African American soldiers.
In thermodynamics, the thermal effusivity, thermal inertia or thermal responsivity of a material is defined as the square root of the product of the material's thermal conductivity and its volumetric heat capacity.
A material's thermal effusivity is a measure of its ability to exchange thermal energy with its surroundings. The SI units for thermal effusivity are       W      s     /  (    m  2   K   )   {\displaystyle {\rm {W}}{\sqrt {\rm {s}}}/({\rm {m^{2}K}})}  , or, equivalently,       J    /  (    m  2   K      s    )   {\displaystyle {\rm {J}}/({\rm {m^{2}K}}{\sqrt {\rm {s}}})}  .
If two semi-infinite[i] bodies initially at temperatures      T  1     {\displaystyle T_{1}}   and      T  2     {\displaystyle T_{2}}   are brought in perfect thermal contact, the temperature at the contact surface      T  m     {\displaystyle T_{m}}   will be given by their relative effusivities.
This expression is valid for all times for semi-infinite bodies in perfect thermal contact. It is also a good first guess for the initial contact temperature for finite bodies. This result can be confirmed with a very simple "control volume" back-of-the-envelope calculation:
One application of thermal effusivity is the quasi-qualitative measurement of coolness or warmth feel of materials on textiles and fabrics. When a textile or fabric is measured from the surface with short test times by any transient method or instrument, the measured effusivity includes various heat transfer mechanisms, including conductivity, convection and radiation, as well as contact resistance between the sensor and sample.
Fernando Peixoto Costanza (born 28 November 1998) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a right back.
Born in Rio de Janeiro, Costanza joined Botafogo's youth setup in 2014, from Fluminense. In December 2016, he signed a professional contract with the club.
On 28 August 2018, Costanza moved abroad and joined Lille OSC on a one-year loan deal. In the following March, after only appearing for their reserve team in the CFA, he was recalled.
The Men's Freestyle 68 kilograms at the 1996 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Georgia World Congress Center from July 30 to July 31. The gold and silver medalists were determined by the final match of the main single-elimination bracket. The losers advanced to the repechage. These matches determined the bronze medalist for the event.
Shane Whereat (born 10 June 1970) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1990s. His outstanding speed saw him mostly play on the Wing.
A former junior rugby union player, Whereat switched to rugby league in the early 1990s and made his first grade debut on the bench for Eastern Suburbs in round 10 of the 1993 NSWRL season against the Penrith Panthers at Penrith Stadium. He went on to play 10 games and scored 4 tries in his debut season.
A noted speedster, Whereat took place in the Rugby League Sprint race held during the Botany Bay Gift in March 1993. Over 75 meters, Whereat finished in fourth place behind winner Brett Dallas, second placed John Minto, and third placed Lee Oudenryn. Despite losing this race, Whereat gained a reputation as one of the fastest ever players in rugby league.
After spending three seasons with the Parramatta Eels, Whereat retired at the end of the 1999 season. He finished his stint with the Eels scoring 25 tries in 38 games.
The Lexington Men O' War were a minor league professional ice hockey team and member of the ECHL.  The name Man o' War is from a thoroughbred race horse that was bred in Lexington, and also the name of a highly traveled road in Lexington. The Men O' War played at Rupp Arena in Lexington, Kentucky from 2002 to 2003.
There Is Love in You is the fifth studio album by English electronic musician Four Tet, released on 25 January 2010 by Domino Recording Company. The lead single from the album, "Love Cry", was released as a limited edition 12" on 2 November 2009.
This article about a Norwegian politician born in the 1850s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Kristian Thorstvedt (born 13 March 1999) is a Norwegian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Jupiler Pro League club Genk and the Norway national team.
On 1 February 2018, Thorstvedt signed a one and a half year contract with Viking. He was awarded young player of the season in the 2018 1. divisjon.
This biographical article related to a Norwegian association football midfielder is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The IAR 95 Spey was a Romanian project to produce a supersonic fighter jet for the Romanian Air Force. The project was started in the late 1970s and cancelled in 1981. Shortly after, the project was restarted again. The project was cancelled for good in 1988 due to lack of funds before a prototype could be built, although a full-scale mockup was being constructed.
The design was a high-wing monoplane with lateral air intakes, a single fin, and a single engine. Designs with two fins and two engines were also considered, but it was decided to go with the single-engine single-fin design.  Other designations given to this project are IAR-101 and IAR-S and refer to different design layouts.
Romania considered a joint program with Yugoslavia, but the latter declined because it was designing its own supersonic fighter jet, the Novi Avion.
The Anthology 1961-1977 is a compilation album of songs by Curtis Mayfield when he was with the Impressions and when he was solo. Of the 40 tracks, 30 are from Mayfield's time with the Impressions. The album includes liner notes written by Robert Pruter. In 2003, the album was ranked number 178 on Rolling Stone's 500 Greatest Albums of All Time, maintaining the rating in a 2012 revised list.
It is a typical Mediterranean river, with low water level throughout the year and violent floods during autumn and sometimes during spring.
The Museum was founded following a proposal from the Brooklyn Institute of Arts and Sciences (now the Brooklyn Museum) on December 16, 1899, in the Adams House. The museum operated under the direction of the Brooklyn Institute and received approximately $70,000 in funds from New York City each year to supplement the donations it received. Attendance grew quickly, with monthly visitation exceeding 13,000 by October, 1905.
In 2005, it was among 406 New York City arts and social service institutions to receive part of a $20 million grant from the Carnegie Corporation, which was made possible through a donation by New York City mayor Michael Bloomberg.
In the same year, work began on the $43 million expansion that was to nearly double the size of the museum, and handle more than 400,000 visitors each year. As part of its commitment to environmental integrity and energy efficiency, the institution has taken credit for being the first New York City museum to use geothermal wells for heating and cooling purposes.
Armitage is a science fiction series appearing in the British comic anthology the Judge Dredd Megazine, created by Dave Stone and Sean Phillips in 1991. The protagonist is a Detective-Judge in Brit-Cit, a British mega-city in the universe of Judge Dredd. He has also made occasional appearances in the main Judge Dredd series in 2000 AD, as well as two spin-off novels and an audio drama.
Armitage is a tall, white haired man with a goatee, usually wearing a trenchcoat, suit and tie. His real name is unknown: "Armitage" was a fake ID he used in 2080.
Although this means he has gained a reputation for being impossible to work with, Armitage has done outstanding work in the Brit-Cit Justice Department's plainclothes Homicide Division. He has managed to not only irritate his higher-ups though but also most of the other Judges, to the extent that when Shok-Tak (Brit-Cit's SWAT division) entered a building to rescue a Judge in danger, they remarked with disgust "aw, drokk it, it's only Armitage".
He has appeared in his own eponymous comic series as well as two Judge Dredd novels and audio play. In the audio, he was played by Trevor Littledale.
The Victoria was the second of twelve sternwheelers that would work on this section of the Fraser River. She was larger than the Enterprise and more powerful. The two steamers worked together for only three years, when in 1871, the Enterprise was taken up to Takla Landing and abandoned on Trembleur Lake. The Victoria would work alone on the Soda Creek to Quesnel route for fifteen more years until 1886.
Francesca Ekwuyasi is a Canadian writer and artist. She is most noted for her debut novel Butter Honey Pig Bread, which was published in 2020.
Originally from Lagos, Nigeria, she is currently based in Halifax, Nova Scotia. In addition to her writing, she had an exhibition of paper cutout art at Halifax's The Khyber in 2019, and has directed short documentary films including Reconcile and Black & Belonging.
Butter Honey Pig Bread was selected for the 2021 edition of Canada Reads, where it was defended by celebrity chef Roger Mooking. The book was longlisted for the 2020 Giller Prize, and shortlisted for the 2021 Lambda Literary Award for Lesbian Fiction, the 2021 ReLit Award for fiction, the Amazon.ca First Novel Award and the 2020 Governor General's Award for English fiction.
The Cairn Valley Light Railway was a rural railway line built to connect Moniaive and other communities in the Cairn Valley with the main railway network at Dumfries. It opened in 1905 but usage was disappointing, and declined further when bus companies started competing. It was closed to passengers in 1943, and completely closed in 1949.
The Glasgow and South Western Railway (G&SWR) fully opened its main line between Glasgow and Carlisle via Dumfries in 1850, revolutionising transport facilities at the places served. Communities that were by-passed began to feel disadvantages of not having a railway connection.
The Directors planned an official opening of the line for 31 December 1904, but this proved impossible as the Board of Trade Inspecting Officer was unable to schedule his visit to approve the opening; a celebratory dinner took place nonetheless. In fact the ceremonial opening took place on 28 February 1905 and the full public opening of the line followed the next day, 1 March 1905. There were three passenger trains each way daily, four on Wednesdays an Saturdays, and none on the Sabbath.
At this time the main line railways were introducing railmotors, light vehicles in which a small steam engine is closely coupled to a passenger coach with through driving controls, as an economic means of operating lightly used lines. The G&SWR decided to operate the Cairn Valley line with such a vehicle, and one was built at Kilmarnock Works for the purpose. Two more followed from November 1905. Railmotor no. 3 is shown at Dumfries in a photograph following page 56 of Smith's Tales.
The passenger carryings on the line did not live up to early expectation, and in fact declined from 4,800 journeys in 1906 to 3,600 in 1913, 2,500 in 1918 and dropping to 1,000 in 1923. There was little goods traffic on the rural line.
When constructed, the line had a novel signalling system, consisting of a modification of Sykes Lock and Block system for single lines, obviating train staffs, and elevated disc fixed signals. Treadles at stations verified the passage of trains and interlocked signals for conflicting moves; if a train operated the treadle at the entrance to the line to the next block post, it had to proceed, there being no method of cancelling the movement.
The connection with the main line was at Cairn Valley Junction, a little over a mile north of Dumfries.
HMS Fly (1813) was a Royal Navy  Cruizer-class brig-sloop built by Jabez Bailey at Ipswich.  She was ordered 23 April 1812, launched on 16 February 1813 and commissioned May 1813.
In December 1826 Fly, under Captain F. A. Wetherall, supported the short-lived settlement of Western Port, in southern Victoria, Australia.
The 1998 Hel van het Mergelland was the 26th edition of the Volta Limburg Classic cycle race and was held on 4 April 1998. The race started and finished in Eijsden. The race was won by Raymond Meijs.
The men's 220 yards event at the 1930 British Empire Games was held on 17 August at the Civic Stadium in Hamilton, Canada.
From 1763-1768, Schwerdtfeger served the Lutheran congregation of Frederick, Maryland after which time he served as an itinerant pastor for congregations in southeastern Pennsylvania and central New York before settling in Brunswick in about 1770.
Schwerdtfeger remained in New York for the duration of the American Revolution but his loyalist sympathies led him to accept a position in 1791 with the community of United Empire Loyalists in Williamsburg, Ontario where he would spend the remainder of his life. As the first Lutheran minister in Upper Canada, Schwerdtfeger served two churches: the German Evaangelical Church in Williamsburg, Ontario, and a church in nearby Matilda.
The site of Williamsburg's German Church was inundated by the St. Lawrence Seaway but Schwerdtfeger is commemorated by a nearby historical plaque in the Township of South Dundas.
Burge was a student at Marlborough College before World War I. He joined the British Army early in the First World War, and won the Military Medal during mid-1916 while serving in the ranks. He transferred into, and was commissioned in, the Royal Flying Corps in 1917.
On 3 May 1918, Burge shared in the destruction of a Rumpler reconnaissance aircraft over Mercatel. On 16 May, he scored twice in the same dogfight, destroying an Albatros D.V and driving another down out of control. On consecutive days, 20 and 21 May, he destroyed Halberstadt reconnaissance machines for victories seven and eight.
He would not score again until 19 July 1918, when he destroyed another Fokker triplane south of Lille. The next day, he, Edmund Tempest, and another pilot cooperated to ruin a Rumpler over Drocourt. On 22 July 1918, he won for the last time, destroying an Albatros D.V over Harnes. His final tally was six enemy airplanes destroyed solo, three more shared destructions, and two enemy fighter sent down out of control.
On 24 July 1918, Phillip Scott Burge was killed in action when his plane was set afire in midair. His conqueror is generally conceded to be Unteroffizier Marat Schumm of Jagdstaffel 52. Burge was interred in Dud Corner Cemetery in Loos, Pas-de-Calais, France.
This article about a Party of the Democratic Revolution politician is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Pink Opaque is a 1986 compilation album by Scottish alternative rock band Cocteau Twins, composed of tracks recorded between 1982 and 1985. A joint release by the UK-based 4AD  and the American Relativity Records, it was their first official U.S. release.
The larvae feed on Syzygium cumini and Syzygium jambos (Myrtaceae). They mine the leaves of their host plant.
This article relating to moths in subfamily Gracillariinae is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Emily Olivia Leah Blunt (born 23 February 1983) is a British actress. She is the recipient of various accolades, including a Golden Globe Award, a Screen Actors Guild Award, and a Critics' Choice Movie Award, in addition to nominations for three British Academy Film Awards.
Emily Olivia Leah Blunt was born on 23 February 1983 in the London Borough of Wandsworth, the second of four children born to Joanna, a former actress and teacher, and barrister Oliver Blunt, QC. Her siblings are Felicity, Sebastian, and Susannah. Her grandfather was Major General Peter Blunt, and one of her paternal uncles is Crispin Blunt, Conservative Member of Parliament for Reigate.
From age seven to 14, Blunt had difficulties with stuttering. She credits a school teacher for helping her manage the stutter through acting. She went on to sit on the board of directors for the American Institute for Stuttering. Blunt attended Ibstock Place School in Roehampton, southwest London and, at age 16, went to Hurtwood House near Dorking, Surrey, a private sixth form college known for its performing arts programme. There, she was discovered and signed by an agent.
In November 2008, Blunt began dating American actor John Krasinski. They became engaged in August 2009, and married on 10 July 2010 in Como, Italy. They reside in the Brooklyn Heights neighborhood of New York City, and have two daughters, one born in 2014 and the other in 2016.
In August 2015, Blunt became a naturalised citizen of the United States. She took dual citizenship in the United States, suggesting the status helped her tax situation. She has stated that she feels "conflicted" over abandoning her sole allegiance to the United Kingdom.
According to the review aggregator site Rotten Tomatoes and the box office site Box Office Mojo, Blunt's most critically acclaimed and commercially successful films include The Devil Wears Prada (2006), Looper (2012), Edge of Tomorrow (2014), Into the Woods (2014), Sicario (2015), The Girl on the Train (2016), A Quiet Place (2018), and Mary Poppins Returns (2018).
There are 13 U.S. metropolitan areas with sports teams competing in the four major leagues: Major League Baseball, National Hockey League, National Football League and National Basketball Association. The New York and the Los Angeles metropolitan areas, the two largest cities in the country, are the only two regions with at least two teams in each major sports league, with the New York metropolitan area being home to three NHL teams.
Italicized teams play outside the city limits of the metropolitan area's core city or cities; the specific location is given in parentheses. The core city or cities of a metropolitan area are identified in this reference.
Minnesota is the least populous state to have a team in each major sport. It has almost three million fewer people than Virginia, the most populous state with no major sports teams.
The largest television market area with no teams in the four major leagues is the Hartford & New Haven (Connecticut) area. Hartford was formerly home to the NHL's Hartford Whalers, who moved to Raleigh in 1997 and are now the Carolina Hurricanes.
The largest television market areas that have never had a team in the four major leagues are Austin, Texas, who will gain an MLS team in 2021 (Austin FC), and the West Palm Beach-Ft. Pierce (Florida) area, though that is usually considered part of the territory of Miami-area teams.
After the St. Louis Rams moved back to Los Angeles, Houston, which lacks an NHL team, became the largest metropolitan area that does not have a franchise in all four major professional sports. Los Angeles had been the largest area without all four leagues from 1995 to 2016.
New York and Los Angeles are the only two metropolitan areas with two or more teams in all four major sports (New York has MLB's Yankees and Mets, the NBA's Knicks and Nets, the NFL's Giants and Jets, and the NHL's Rangers, Islanders, and Devils. While Los Angeles has MLB's Dodgers and Angels, the NBA's Lakers and Clippers, the NFL's Rams and Chargers, and the NHL's Kings and Ducks.) The San Francisco Bay Area has MLB's San Francisco Giants and Oakland Athletics.
Since the formation of the NBA in 1946, New York is the only city to consistently host at least one team in each of the four leagues every year.
The most recent city to be added to this list is Los Angeles, which regained the football Rams in 2016 after they had played the prior 21 seasons in St. Louis. (In 2017, the Chargers also moved to the city from San Diego, becoming the Los Angeles Chargers.)
Among those states that have no metropolitan areas with all four sports, only Ohio has teams in all four major sports: the NFL's Cincinnati Bengals and Cleveland Browns; MLB's Cincinnati Reds and Cleveland Indians; the NBA's Cleveland Cavaliers; and the NHL's Columbus Blue Jackets, the only team outside Cleveland and Cincinnati.
Additionally, while the metropolitan area of New York City has both of its football teams play in New Jersey, the state of New York still has all four major sports leagues represented with the NFL's Buffalo Bills.
Alabama is the most populous state that has neither a major-league team nor a connection to a media market area with a major-league team. However this distinction changes depending on if the Atlanta media market is defined to extend into Alabama. If it is, then Iowa is the most populous state with neither a team nor a connection to a media market with a team.
Cleveland, Kansas City, St. Louis, and Atlanta formerly hosted teams in all four major sports leagues. Of these four cities, the two Missouri cities currently have two teams each, and the other two cities have three.
Major League Soccer in the United States was founded in 1993, and has been active since 1996. Of the 13 metro areas with Big Four teams, 11 also host MLS franchises as well. Detroit and Phoenix currently do not have Major League Soccer teams.
Both Miami and the San Francisco Bay Area lost five-sport status for a period of time when the Miami Fusion folded in 2002 and the San Jose Earthquakes moved to Houston to become the Dynamo in 2006. The Bay Area regained it with the reactivated Earthquakes in 2008 and Miami resumed being a five-sport city with Inter Miami CF in 2020.
Of cities that formerly held four-sport status, only Atlanta and Kansas City have current MLS franchises, while St. Louis has an approved MLS expansion franchise.
No Ohio city can claim five-sport (or four-sport) status, but the state itself can via Cincinnati, Cleveland, and Columbus sports teams with Columbus Crew SC and FC Cincinnati.
The debut of MLS's Toronto FC in 2007 gave Toronto five major professional sports teams, although its football team plays in the Canadian Football League.
 Dibaya is a small town in Kasai-Central province of southern Democratic Republic of the Congo. As of 2009 it had an estimated population of 5,213. Dibaya has an airport with regular flights to Kinshasa, Kikwit and Angola. 
This Democratic Republic of the Congo location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The vegetation is dominated by Sarcocornia quinqueflora and Senecio pinnatifolius.  Recorded breeding seabird and wader species are the little penguin, short-tailed shearwater, fairy prion, common diving-petrel, Pacific gull, silver gull, sooty oystercatcher and Caspian tern.
The Grimsby Chums was a British First World War Pals battalion of Kitchener's Army raised in and around the town of Grimsby in Lincolnshire in  1914.  When the battalion was taken over by the British Army it was officially named the 10th (Service) Battalion, The Lincolnshire Regiment.  It was the only 'pals battalion' to be called 'chums'.
In February 1918 the battalion moved to the 103rd Brigade, 34th Division. The 10th Battalion was disbanded on 3 June 1919.
A memorial in St James' Church, Grimsby, was erected to the memory of the 810 members of the 10th (Service) Battalion who were killed in action or died on service.
Born in Barry's Bay, he held a number of jobs prior to founding a lumber firm in 1902. A local politician for nearly a decade before being elected to the Legislative Assembly of Ontario as the member from Renfrew South, he  served in the Assembly for 16 years, before being defeated in the 1945 provincial election.
This article about an Australian corporation or company is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Heine was raised by her mother, Rebecca Beke Paiaina, a lei maker. She initially attended the Kamehameha Schools, but graduated from President William McKinley High School in 1958. Her first job was at the Waikiki eatery called Woody's Restaurant. She married her husband, Samuel Ladd Heine, in 1963, with whom she had four children.
Heine performed hula solo with The Brothers Cazimero, the Hawaiian musical duo composed of Robert and Roland Cazimero, earning her the nickname, "the third brother." Their professional relationship dates to 1976.
In 2010, Heine chose the theme song for the Prince Lot Festival, "Na Punawai O Moanalua," which translates to "The Wellspring of Moanalua". She explained the choice of the song in an interview with the Honolulu Star-Advertiser, telling the newspaper, "All of life is water. Without water, there is no life."
Geoffrey Price Thomas (born 3 July 1941) was President of Kellogg College, Oxford, and Director of Oxford University Department for Continuing Education until 2008.
He was educated at Maesteg Grammar School, University of Wales (Swansea) (BSc, (First Class Honours, Physics)) and Churchill College, Cambridge (PhD). He is also a Master of Arts of the University of Oxford.
He has been a visiting scholar at the Smithsonian Institution, Harvard University, University of Washington, University of California, Berkeley, and Northern Illinois University. In 2002, he delivered the Louise McBee Lecture at the University of Georgia.
He was a member of the Higher Education Funding Council for Wales from 2000-2008, and has been a member of the Council of the British Association for the Advancement of Science, a member of the Universities Association for Continuing Education, and a member of the Cabinet Office Committee of Inquiry on the Public Understanding of Science.
Professor Layton and the Diabolical Box is an adventure/puzzle game.  The player controls the movements of the eponymous Professor Layton and his young assistant Luke through several locations, unlike in the previous game which is confined to just one town. Along with completing many different types of puzzles, players must explore different areas, solve mysteries, and aid the Professor on his quest.
As a reward for completing a puzzle, the player may earn one of three rewards. Hamster toys are collected to help Luke give a morbidly obese hamster a workout. Pieces of a shattered camera that Sammy accidentally dropped can be assembled to repair it. Also, players can earn tea ingredients to brew new recipes and serve cups of tea to Luke, Layton and people they meet.
There are also two bonuses in "The Hidden Door" that are only available after the player finds one unique code each in the game's predecessor and sequel. Other bonuses include a soundtrack, cut-scenes, soundbites, character profiles, and scenes from the game.
The train makes a stop in Dropstone, a town celebrating the fiftieth anniversary of its founding. As they enjoy the celebration, Layton and Luke learn that the town's founder, Sophia, also had an interest in the Elysian Box, but she died the year before, and her granddaughter Katia continues to seek it out.  Don Paolo, Layton's arch-rival, kidnaps Flora and disguises himself as her, leaving her behind in Dropstone as the train departs.
On returning to the hotel, Layton and Luke find that the remainder of the train's contingent has arrived, and Chelmey has arrested one of the conductors named Thunder as a suspect in the theft of the box and Schrader's death. Layton proves him wrong, revealing Don Paolo after exposing his disguise. Don Paolo escapes but leaves behind the Elysian Box. Layton and Luke open it but find the box is completely empty, so Layton eventually suggests visiting Anton to solve the mystery.
After the credits, the game ends showing "to be continued" along with a picture of Layton and Luke standing in front of a time machine which continues on to the next adventure Professor Layton and the Unwound Future.
The music of the game was composed by Tomohito Nishiura with the entire soundtrack later released on an album titled Layton Kyouju to Akuma no Hako Original Soundtrack, in Japan only. The ending theme song "Iris" was sung by Salyu, though it was omitted from the album. The international release of the game utilizes an instrumental version, though it similarly was not included on the album either due to not have being created at the time.
The album scored slightly higher than its predecessor. Square Enix Music Online gave it a score of 7 out of 10, criticizing that "there are no masterpieces on this score, even though the variety and entertainment is much more enhanced [over Curious Village's]." RPGFan Music stated "At 75 minutes, this one disc is packed with goodies, though one might also argue that it's packed with filler."
The game was released in North America during August 2009, as Professor Layton and the Diabolical Box. It would be released in PAL regions during September of the same year, as Professor Layton and Pandora's Box, where it would become the fastest-selling Nintendo DS game ever released within the United Kingdom.
Professor Layton and the Diabolical Box received "favorable" reviews according to video game review aggregator Metacritic.  In Japan, Famitsu gave it a score of two nines and two eights for a total of 34 out of 40.
As of July 9, 2008, the game sold 815,369 copies in Japan, according to Famitsu. IGN gave the game Editor's Choice Award, and rated it the eleventh best Nintendo DS game as of 2010. GameTrailers gave the title its best puzzle/parlor game of 2009 award.
Upon its release to Western countries, the game sold more than 1.26 million units by September 2009.
Peterboro, located approximately twenty-five miles southeast of Syracuse, is a historic hamlet and current administrative center for the Town of Smithfield, Madison County, New York, United States. The National Abolition Hall of Fame and Museum is located at the former Smithfield Presbyterian Church, in Peterboro. Peterboro has a post office with ZIP code 13134.
In 1795, Peter Smith Sr., a partner of John Jacob Astor's who built his fortune in the fur trade, founded Peterborough, naming the town after himself. Smith moved his family to Peterborough in 1804 and built the family home there.  In 1894 the town name was changed to Peterboro, which is the form it retains to this day.
In the 1820s, Gerrit Smith took over the business interests of his father, Peter Smith Sr., managing his family's property holdings in the town and the surrounding area. The Peterboro Land Office was built as the office for these activities.
Gerrit Smith's commitment to both the abolition and temperance movements led to the Smith estate in Peterboro becoming a stop on the underground railroad and to Smith building one of the first temperance hotels in the country in Peterboro. The Smith estate also served as an important meeting place for abolitionists from both New York and other parts of the country, including John Brown and Frederick Douglass.
In 2001, the Gerrit Smith Estate was designated a National Historic Landmark. The Peterboro Land Office building and Smithfield Presbyterian Church are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
He was named an officer in the Order of Polonia Restituta in 1923. Just before his death (from natural causes), he became a member of TOW. Many of his works were lost when his former studio burned down during the early days of the Warsaw Uprising.
Ignacio Ramonet Miguez (born 5 May 1943) is a Spanish academic, journalist and writer who has been based in Paris for much of his career. After becoming first known for writing on film and media, he became editor-in-chief of Le Monde diplomatique, serving from 1991 until March 2008. Under his leadership, LMD established editorial independence in 1996 from Le Monde, with which it had been affiliated since 1954.
Ramonet published an editorial in December 1997 in LMD on the Tobin tax that led to the launching of ATTAC. This is an activist organization promoting taxation of foreign exchange transactions.
He has been a professor of Communication Theory at Paris Diderot University. He also taught at the Sorbonne. He first started writing journalism as a film critic and writer about film for various magazines. Ramonet later wrote more frequently about media culture, communications, and national affairs, becoming associated with Le Monde Diplomatique, started in 1954 as a monthly publication associated with the newspaper.
He was elected as editor-in-chief in January 1991, serving to March 2008. Under his leadership, the magazine became editorially independent of Le Monde in 1996. It has been an independent critic outside academia of media culture and its ties to national society.
Ramonet says that it is a betrayal of socialism for some social democrat parties to have chosen the third way between socialism and capitalism.
The NGO Reporters without Borders had written about Ramonet's strong relationship with Fidel Castro. Ramonet denied this claim in 2002. In May 2004,  Ramonet supported Castro in a direct television interview when Castro protested about Forbes Magazine's list of country leaders' wealth. Castro was number 7 on the list.
Ramonet has called for autarky and for regulation, taxes and tariffs that reduce international trade.
According to Ramonet, globalization and ultra-liberalism threaten the sovereignty of national states. In his December 1997 editorial "Disarming the markets", Ramonet attributed the Asian economic crisis to globalization, and said that it threatened the identity of national states. To counter this, he called for an NGO to promote the Tobin tax on foreign exchange. He became a founder of Association for the Taxation of Financial Transactions and for Citizens' Action (ATTAC).
This article related to a protected area in North Dakota is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Womack had a remarkable amateur career, defeating future legend Evander Holyfield several times (one by walkover,) with two of the losses being avenged by Evander at the Olympic Box-offs, and cutting Ricky's way to the 1984 Summer Olympics.
Womack jumped into heavyweight already in 1982, winning the AAU Nationals, and proving he's comfortable in that weight class, but he soon came back into light heavyweight, reportedly to prove to his long-lasting nemesis, Holyfield, that he was the better man. As Holyfield later recalled:
Womack turned pro in 1984 and began his career with a promising string of victories, including a victory over future champion Uriah Grant, and was undefeated in his first nine bouts until troubles outside of the ring derailed his career.
Womack was sentenced to 25 years for armed robbery. After serving 15 years, Womack was released in November 2000.
The franchise originally joined the NAHL as the Pittsburgh Forge from 2001 to 2003. They relocated to Toledo, Ohio, and became the Toledo IceDiggers from 2003 to 2005. They then became the Alpena IceDiggers, playing in the Northern Lights Arena located in Alpena, Michigan, from 2005 to 2010.
Meynardo Asa Sabili (born June 2, 1957) is a Filipino politician and businessman who served as yorme of Lipa from 2010 until 2019. Previously, he served as the member of the Batangas Provincial Board from the 4th District from 1991 until 2001.
MDPI or Multidisciplinary Digital Publishing Institute is a publisher of open access scientific journals. Founded by Shu-Kun Lin as a chemical sample archive, it has established over 200 broad-scope journals. MDPI is the largest open access publisher in the world and the 5th largest publisher overall in terms of journal paper output. The number of published papers has been growing significantly in the last decade with year over year growth of over 50% in 2017, 2018 and 2019.
MDPI traces its roots to Molecular Diversity Preservation International, also abbreviated MDPI, which was founded by Shu-Kun Lin in 1996 as a chemical sample archive, with some scholarly publishing and conference activities. The second organisation, Multidisciplinary Digital Publishing Institute, was founded in 2010, primarily as a publisher. All of MDPI's journals have been open access and since 2008 published under a Creative Commons Attribution License (CC-BY).
Molecular Diversity Preservation International was founded and registered as a non-profit association (Verein) by Shu-Kun Lin and Benoit R. Turin in Basel in 1996 to enable the deposit and exchange of rare molecular and biomolecular research samples.
MDPI, a publisher of open-access scientific journals, was spun off from the Molecular Diversity Preservation International organization. It was formally registered by Shu-Kun Lin and Dietrich Rordorf in May 2010 in Basel, Switzerland, and maintains editorial offices in China, Spain, Serbia, and the United Kingdom. It is primarily based in China and has established over 200 broad-scope journals, usually with one-word titles.
The number of published papers has been growing significantly in the last decade with year over year growth of over 50% in 2017, 2018 and 2019, with 110,000 papers published in 2019. As of 2020, MDPI is the largest open access publisher in the world and the 5th largest publisher overall in terms of journal paper output.
In December 2011, the MDPI journal Life published Erik D. Andrulis' theoretical paper, Theory of the Origin, Evolution, and Nature of Life, aiming at presenting a framework to explain life. It attracted coverage by the popular science and technology magazines Ars Technica and Popular Science, which characterized it as "crazy" and "hilarious". A member of the editorial board of Life resigned in response.
The journal Magnetochemistry accepted a paper in 2019 by a controversial scientist Susan Pockett which stated that "scientists are suppressing evidence that microwave radiation from smartphones and other devices cause harm to people". The paper was later that year retracted due to lack of a scientific contribution and being an opinion article. The journal initially invited Susan Pockett to submit a paper according to the author's own account.
In 2019, MDPI journal Psych published an editorial on race and intelligence by Richard Lynn, who had previously had his emeritus status revoked due to his promotion of discredited sexist and racist views, such as scientific racism. MDPI later issued an expression of concern and they changed the status of the article from editorial to opinion, three months after publication. According to science journalist Angela Saini, Psych had also published other similar work defending scientific racism.
In 2013, one of MDPI's journals was targeted in the Who's Afraid of Peer Review? sting operation and rejected the fake paper.
MDPI was removed from Beall's list in 2015. Beall's list was shut down in 2017; Beall later wrote that he had been pressured to shut down the list by his employer University of Colorado Denver and various publishers, specifically mentioning MDPI as a publisher that had "tried to be as annoying as possible to the university so that the officials would get so tired of the emails that they would silence me just to make them stop."
In August 2016, MDPI was breached, leaving exposed 17.5 GB of data, including 845,000 e-mail addresses and e-mail exchanges between authors, editors and reviewers. According to MDPI, the unprotected instance at which the data was breached has since been protected.
In August 2018, 10 senior editors (including the editor-in-chief) of the journal Nutrients resigned, alleging that MDPI forced the replacement of the editor-in-chief because of his high editorial standards and for resisting pressure to "accept manuscripts of mediocre quality and importance."
Delma butleri, also known as unbanded delma, Butler's legless lizard, or spinifex snake-lizard, is a species of lizard in the Pygopodidae family endemic to Australia.
Co-founder Collier left the company in early 2009 to join parent company Activision. In 2010, West and Zampella were fired by Activision for "breaches of contract and insubordination", they soon founded a game studio called Respawn Entertainment. On May 3, 2014, Neversoft was merged into Infinity Ward.
In May 2014, Neversoft was merged with Infinity Ward to form a single 'super-studio' after both collaborated on the development of Call of Duty: Ghosts. Neversoft studio head Joel Jewett and studio director Scott Pease retired shortly after the completion of the merger.
In 2010, Infinity Ward was ranked third by Develop 100 only running up to developer Nintendo and Bungie for the top 100 developers based on the sales of their games in the UK.
The sequel to Modern Warfare 2, Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3, sold 6.5 million copies in the US and UK alone and grossed $400 million within 24 hours of going on sale.
Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2, uses an upgraded engine dubbed "IW 4.0", which is a generation more advanced than the engine used in Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare. Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 uses IW 5.0 (MW3 Engine), an improved version of the IW 4.0 engine. Improvements on the engine allow better streaming technology which allows larger regions for the game while running at a minimum of 60 frames per second, improvements to the audio of the engine have also been made.
Modern Warfare (2019 reboot) and Call of Duty: Warzone uses a heavily rebuilt IW engine for the series, allowing for the use of more detailed environments, advanced photogrammetry and rendering, better volumetric lighting, and the use of ray tracing. The new engine had been in development five years prior to the release of the game, and was a collaborative effort between the main Infinity Ward studio in California and the new studio in Poland.
The James H. Brooks House is a historic house in Somerville, Massachusetts.  Built about 1880, it is one of the finer examples of Second Empire architecture in the city.  It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
The house was built for James Brooks, a dry goods dealer in Union Square.  The land it was built on was platted for development in 1870 by Ira Hill, a leading force in the development of Union Square as the city's commercial center.  The Prospect Hill area, elevated above the square to the south, was promoted by Hill as a fashionable upper-class residential neighborhood.
A conflict atlas, also called conflict partiture, is a graphical representation of the development of a particular conflict. The graph shows important events, appointments, and their interlinkage over time. 
Anwell Newman (born 10 December 1966) is a South African cricketer. He played in eight first-class matches for Boland from 1993/94 to 1997/98.
This biographical article related to a South African cricket person born in the 1960s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Du Londel Troupe was a French 18th-century theatre troupe. From 1753 to 1771, it was active as the French Theatre of Sweden, where it played a great part in that country's theatre history.
The Du Londel troupe is mostly remembered in history for interrupting the development of the Swedish theatre and replacing it with a theatre which was only understandable for those who could speak French; but the current view is that they made "The gracious French singing theatre" popular in Sweden, and thereby inspired to the foundation of the Royal Dramatic Theatre and the Royal Swedish Opera.
Bendigo South East College (BSE) is an Australian secondary school in Bendigo, Victoria, for year 7-10 students.
BSE occupies a building originally known as the Bendigo Girls' School. That school had been founded in 1916, originally located in the Quarry Hill suburb of Bendigo but moving to the Flora Hill suburb in 1959.
In 1974, the school became co-educational, under the name Flora Hill High School, which was later renamed to Flora Hill Secondary College.
In 2008/2009 Flora Hill Secondary College and Golden Square Secondary College combined and were renamed Bendigo South East Secondary College.
As of 2013[update], the new buildings have been completed. The last of the classrooms from 1959 was demolished in August 2011. Although the main construction project has been finalised, the hall is still under renovation for the new athlete development program which was established in 2014.
The Athlete Development Program at BSE is a complete sports education and training program aimed to assist students in the pursuit of sporting and academic excellence. The program runs for the entire school year. Students are eligible for selection every year they attend the school.
Another specialist program introduced in 2016 is the Academy of Creative Arts (ACA). The Bendigo South East College Academy of Creative Arts (ACA) nurtures the creativity, artistry and scholarship of students. Students can apply to be in one of the five fields: drama, vocals, visual arts, music or dance.
Golden Square Secondary College was closed at the end of 2008 and was demolished in late 2009; the site is currently vacant.
Grace was born on June 9, 1872 in Great Neck, New York.  He was the son of businessman and two time mayor of New York City, William Russell Grace.
A devout Roman Catholic, Joseph Grace was a member of the international organization the Sovereign Military Order of Malta, a Catholic organization that aids the sick and poor through the establishment of hospitals and clinics around the world. He also served as president of Grace Institute, a charity created in 1897 by his father and his uncle, Michael Grace, that provided tuition-free education and training in business and administrative skills to economically disadvantaged women.
On the death of his father, William R. Grace in 1904, Edward Eyre, the company secretary and a director, was appointed president of W. R. Grace and Company. In 1907, Eyre was made company chairman and Joseph Grace became president. In 1929, Joseph Grace took over as chairman when Edward Eyre retired and Joseph's friend from his college days, D. Stewart Iglehart, was appointed president.
In 1945, Grace suffered a debilitating stroke and in 1946 both he and D. Stewart Iglehart retired.  His son, Joseph Peter Grace Jr., took over management of the company.
In 1908, he married Janet MacDonald, the daughter of Charles B. Macdonald, a major figure in early American golf who built the first 18-hole course in the United States. Together, they were the parents of five children:
His wife died on December 31, 1937 at age fifty-three.  Joseph Grace died of a stroke at his home in Great Neck, New York on July 15, 1950.
The MasterWorks Festival is a month-long intensive summer training program for classical performing artists. Beginning in 2018, MasterWorks will be held in Spartanburg, SC, USA, at Converse College. It was co-founded in 1997 by the former artistic director of the Christian Performing Artists' Fellowship (CPAF), Dr. Patrick Kavanaugh and his wife Barbara, and by the trombonist James Kraft and his wife Mary Jeane.
In 2004, MasterWorks expanded outside the US and MasterWorks Europe took place in London, England. Since then, other non-USA MasterWorks Festivals have taken place in Winchester, England, and in China.
U-79 conducted three patrols whilst serving with 1st U-boat Flotilla from 13 March 1941 to 30 September. She was then reassigned to the 23rd U-boat Flotilla from 1 October until she was sunk.
The boat's first patrol began with her departure from Kiel on 5 June 1941. Her route took her north 'up' the North Sea and through the gap separating Iceland and the Faroe Islands toward the Atlantic Ocean.
She was unsuccessfully attacked with depth charges by convoy escorts near the Portuguese coast on 12 August.
U-79 returned to the North African coast for her fifth patrol at the end of November but her luck had deserted her. She returned to Salamis with nothing to show for her efforts on 8 December.
This list shows the IUCN Red List status of the 150 wild mammal fauna of Turkey. Two are critically endangered, two are endangered, fourteen are vulnerable, and three are near threatened. The following tags are used to highlight each species' global status as published by the International Union for Conservation of Nature:
The order Erinaceomorpha contains a single family, Erinaceidae, which comprise the hedgehogs and gymnures. The hedgehogs are easily recognised by their spines while gymnures look more like large rats.
The "shrew-forms" are insectivorous mammals. The shrews and solenodons closely resemble mice while the moles are stout-bodied burrowers.
The bats' distinguishing feature is that their forelimbs are developed as wings, making them the only mammals capable of flight. Bat species account for about 20% of all mammals.
The order Cetacea includes whales, dolphins and porpoises. They are the mammals most fully adapted to aquatic life with a spindle-shaped nearly hairless body, protected by a thick layer of blubber, and forelimbs and tail modified to provide propulsion underwater.
There are over 260 species of carnivorans, the majority of which feed primarily on meat. They have a characteristic skull shape and dentition. 
Even-toed ungulates' weight is borne about equally by the third and fourth toes, rather than mostly or entirely by the third as in perissodactyls. There are about 220 artiodactyl species, including many that are of great economic importance to humans.
North Iowa Community School District is a rural public school district headquartered in Buffalo Center, Iowa.
The district includes sections of Kossuth and Winnebago counties. It serves Buffalo Center, Lakota, Rake, and Thompson.
St. George was a census-designated place (CDP) in Broward County, Florida, United States. The population was 2,450 at the 2000 census. It now serves as a neighborhood of Lauderhill, Florida.
As of the census of 2000, there were 2,450 people, 748 households, and 613 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was 2,102.1/km2 (5,460.3/mi2).  There were 776 housing units at an average density of 665.8/km2 (1,729.5/mi2).  The racial makeup of the CDP was 1.39% White, 97.35% African American, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 0.41% from other races, and 0.82% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.10% of the population.
There were 748 households, out of which 28.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.6% were married couples living together, 31.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.0% were non-families. 14.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 3.28 and the average family size was 3.59.
In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 29.7% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 23.9% from 25 to 44, 28.1% from 45 to 64, and 9.6% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.5 males.
The median income for a household in the CDP was $38,750, and the median income for a family was $39,043. Males had a median income of $32,378 versus $22,286 for females. The per capita income for the CDP was $13,410.  About 9.4% of families and 10.9% of the population were below the poverty line, including 9.4% of those under age 18 and 3.1% of those age 65 or over.
As of 2000, English as a first language accounted for 98.35% of all residents, while Spanish was the mother tongue of 1.64% of the population.
Tonantzin Carmelo is an American actress. She is known for her acting roles in film, TV and stage productions including in the Steven Spielberg miniseries, Into the West, for which she received a Screen Actors Guild nomination for Outstanding Performance by a Female in a Television Movie or Miniseries.
In 2021, Carmelo filmed roles in Spain and Australia for the television series The English (BBC) and La Brea (NBC).
Carmelo grew up in Orange County, southern California and is of Indigenous and Latina descent. As a youth, she participated in Native dances and music, touring with cultural groups throughout North America. She also became a technically trained dancer and performed with the modern dance company Daystar.
Carmelo attended the University of California, Irvine, where she earned a bachelor's degree in Environmental Studies and a minor in Dance. While in college, she began acting in theater productions and independent films.
Carmelo began her professional acting career in an educational musical theater show produced by Carmen Zapata at the Bilingual Foundation of the Arts. The production toured the Los Angeles area.
In addition, Carmelo is a choreographer. Her work was featured in the Amazon TV series, Undone, and in the opera, Sweetland. She has also performed as a singer with the band Trio del Alma and has recorded on three albums for Canyon Records.
In 2012, Carmelo testified for the United States Senate Committee on Indian Affairs on the images of Native Americans in Hollywood.
Carmelo has also appeared in several video games, including Dead Space, The Crew, Lego Marvel's Avengers, and Cyberpunk 2077. Her memorable motion-capture and voice performance portrayal of the villainous character Kendra Daniels for Dead Space led Maxim Magazine to add Kendra to their Hottest Video Game Babes of the Year list. Today, the character continues to attract legions of loyal fans.
She has had an ongoing relationship with Native Voices at the Autry Museum in Los Angeles, where she has performed on stage and has served on the advisory board.
On January 5, 2006, Carmelo was nominated for the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Television Movie or Miniseries for her performance as Thunder Heart Woman in Into the West.
Carmelo also won the American Indian Film Festival award for Best Actress and was nominated for the Best Actress award at the Hoboken International Film Festival for this role. She was also named "An Indie Darling to Crave" at the Sundance Film Festival 2015 for her role as Teresa, opposite John C. Riley in the film Entertainment. Below is a list of her awards and nominations.
MTI Home Video is a United States-based movie distributor in the direct-to-video market. MTI most often purchases the distribution rights to independent films and televised films that did not see a theatrical run in the U.S., for direct release to DVD.
MTI Home Video was founded in 1984 by music industry veteran Larry Brahms. One of the company's first releases was Freedance, an interactive fitness workout video featuring Marine Jahan from the film Flashdance.
The company was one of the first studios to successfully transfer from VHS to DVD format in 1999 by waiting until the major studios had decided upon standards before changing their business model.
MTI pioneered the sales of DVDs through alternative retailers such as dry cleaners, convenience stores and other non-traditional entertainment retail outlets in 2004.
The company releases an average of forty films each year and partners with studios such as the Asylum, Artist View Entertainment, Bedford Entertainment, Delta Entertainment, Fangoria Presents, and Redrum Entertainment. Although mostly known for releasing titles in the B-movie genre such as Sharknado and Stalked at 17; MTI has a line of family-oriented films and has released other independent films such as Bloom and Nate and the Colonel.
Bukovinka is a municipality and village in Blansko District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 600 inhabitants.
The house was purchased by Maxwell Bramlette in 1947. It was inherited by David Clay Bramlette III in 1976.
This article about a property in Mississippi on the National Register of Historic Places is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about a building or structure in Mississippi is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Pontiac Commercial Historic District contains parts of sixteen blocks in downtown Pontiac including the single block within the original 1984 district. This block contains sixteen buildings, of which fourteen contribute to the historic nature of the district. The remainder of the district contains an additional 84 buildings, of which 53 contribute to the historic nature of the district.
Todd Rosenthal is an American scenic designer. He won the 2008 Tony Award for Best Scenic Design and the 2009 Laurence Olivier Award for Best Set Design for Steppenwolf Theatre Company's August: Osage County.
A native of Longmeadow, Massachusetts, Rosenthal received a Bachelor of Arts degree from Colgate University and a Master of Fine Arts from the Yale School of Drama, where he received the Donald M. Oenslager Scholarship for Stage Design. He also studied at the Art Students League of New York and Moore College of Art.
Rosenthal made his Broadway debut with August: Osage County. He considered the three-level set, which he called a juxtaposition of the "gothic and the whimsical," to be a central character in the play. Of it he said, "It's immovable, an indelible image ... people move out, but the house never changes."
Rosenthal's regional theatre credits include productions for the Goodman Theatre, Steppenwolf Theatre Company, Centerstage in Baltimore, Alley Theatre in Houston, the Philadelphia Theatre Company, San Jose Repertory Theatre, Alliance Theatre in Atlanta, Yale Repertory Theatre, Lyric Opera of Chicago, Arena Stage in Washington, D.C., the Paper Mill Playhouse in Millburn, New Jersey, Notre Dame Shakespeare Festival, and the Big Apple Circus.
Rosenthal's commercial projects include micro-brewery-themed restaurants for Anheuser Busch; a pirate-themed restaurant at the Treasure Island Hotel and Casino on the Las Vegas Strip; and a mining-themed tavern and restaurant for the Copper Mountain Resort in Colorado.
Rosenthal was an adjunct professor of design at DePaul University from 1995 until 2003. He has been a professor in the Department of Theatre at Northwestern University since Autumn 2003.
Imerman Angels is a non-profit organization that aims to provide personalized connections with a focus on one-on-one support. The organization connects cancer fighters, survivors and caregivers through a database composed of volunteered survivors. The organization focuses on cancer patients with their goal being to create awareness and a community between cancer patients and survivors, build alliances between other organizations and raise funds. Their services are offered for free.
Imerman Angels expanded to a total of 6,000 Mentor Angels throughout 65 different countries and made over 10,000 matches since its inception. One fifth of these matches are breast cancer survivors. Of those 2000 matches 1,165 individuals have become breast cancer Mentor Angels. Mentor Angels can be found in all 50 states.
In 2017, Imerman Angels becomes a beneficiary for @gives back. @gives back is a community foundation composed of agents, employees and people involved with @properties. @gives back partners with its corporate sponsors to cover high medical bills of families. This year @give back has partnered with Imerman Angels to fundraise money.
Cancer survivors can apply to become a Mentor Angel through the Imerman's Angels official website. Mentor Angels are recruited worldwide and offer support, empathy, and understanding to cancer fighters. Mentor Angels are screened and trained by Imerman's Angels staff members.
Caregivers, people who have cared or are caring for someone else with cancer, can also apply through Imerman Angel's official website to become a Caregiver Mentor Angel. Caregiver Mentor Angels provided one-on-one support to families and caregivers of cancer fighters.
Imerman Angels holds its annual Wings of Hope Gala to commemorate years of providing assistance and resources to cancer fighters, survivors and caregivers. Price of attendance and contributions support the program through the next year.
Imerman Angels held its first annual En Noir fundraiser in 2017. En Noir is a black tie, James Bond themed event. The event offers guests cocktails, live music, gambling tables, aerialist performances, and hors d'oeuvres throughout the night. A partial amount of proceeds raised directly benefit Imerman Angels.
The Battle of Nam Bac was one of the major engagements of the Laotian Civil War. Despite misgivings about their potential performance the Royal Lao Army moved in to occupy the Nam Bac Valley in August 1966; the position would block a traditional Vietnamese invasion route that led to the Lao royal capitol, Luang Prabang.
The location was problematic. It was closer to the North Vietnamese border than to Luang Prabang; any Vietnamese communist invaders would also enjoy the use of Route 19 for part of their route to the valley. Nam Bac itself could only be resupplied by air from Luang Prabang, and its supply line was dependent upon use of an airstrip sited on low ground within artillery range of nearby heights. Those surrounding hilltop positions would have to be held if assaulted by invaders.
While American troops in the Vietnam War fought communist guerrillas, in neighboring Laos the situation was much different. The People's Army of Vietnam invaded the Kingdom of Laos with regular army formations, while Lao guerrilla forces tried to expel them. In an unprecedented situation, the American Ambassador to Laos was granted presidential power to direct the war in Laos. The exercise of this power is most famously associated with William H. Sullivan and G. McMurtrie Godley.
In 1961, the Royal Lao Army had moved out of the Nam Bac Valley north of the Lao royal capitol, Luang Prabang. The communist Pathet Lao moved in a couple of companies to occupy it. They would remain directly unchallenged until August 1966.
However, the CIA sponsored Auto Defense Choc militia training behind enemy lines, north of Nam Bac, in 1964. Raised without use of Thai or U.S. trainers, several companies of these guerrillas were operational by early 1965. In the west were five companies clustered in a makeshift battalion around Doi Saeng. Several camps were established just north of Nam Bac, around Lao Ta and Ban Pha Thong. In the far north, at Nam Houn in Phong Saly Province, there was a Hmong stronghold.
One problem Lair pointed out was logistical. He believed that once the troops were emplaced, there would be no Royal Lao officer capable of keeping Nam Bac's front-line troops supplied with the necessities of war even if its airfield could be protected while the supplies were offloaded.
The terrain at Nam Bac itself was unfavorable. The airfield needed for resupply was sited in the valley within artillery range of nearby hills. Those hills would have to be occupied by Lao troops. Lair concluded by stating that he thought offering the Vietnamese a fixed base like Nam Bac to assault was a recipe for disaster.
No matter whose the responsibility for the defeat, the annihilation of the Royal Lao Army tipped the balance of power in Laos towards the Vietnamese communists. Indeed, the Royal Lao Army was left with only six of its 11 makeshift Groupe Mobile regiments intact.
Givens Hill, also known by locals as Patterberry Hill, is an unincorporated community in Houston County, Texas.
This article about a location in Houston County, Texas is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Burrangong Shire was a local government area in the South West Slopes region of New South Wales, Australia.
Burrangong Shire was proclaimed on 7 March 1906. The Council offices were located in Young, but the shire did not include Young.
The John F. Kennedy Preparatory High School (JFK Prep for short) was a high school in St. Nazianz, Wisconsin which operated from 1968 to 1982. Formerly the Salvatorian Seminary, in 2008 it was acquired by United Ministries, Inc. who manage it as The St. Nazianz Christian Center.
After Oschwald's death in 1873, the community began to decline, and in 1896, after a visit from Fr. Francis Mary of the Cross Jordan, the land and operations were turned over to the order he had founded, the Society of the Divine Saviour, or Salvatorians. The Salvatorians established a seminary on the premises, and had St. Ambrose Church built on the grounds in 1898.
Seminary enrollment declined in the 1960s, and in 1968, it was closed and re-opened as a nonsectarian, coeducational college-preparatory school named after John F. Kennedy, the first Catholic U.S. president. A high school operated by the Parish of St. Gregory, which had opened in 1953, closed in 1969 and many of its students enrolled at JFK Prep.
In 1973, Fr. Melvin Tracy, who taught environmental studies, won $26,000 in federal grants to develop an "ecologically self-sufficient" house, heated by solar energy and powered by a windmill. Students built the structure using materials recycled from an old barn and shed.
George Hall, the boys' dormitory, was gutted in a fire on April 9, 1975. About 25 students were housed in the building, but most were at dinner in the cafeteria, and there were no deaths or injuries.
The cost of operating a small private school proved more than the order could bear, and the school closed in 1982. After this, the property went through a succession of owners and schemes, suffering from neglect and vandalism. In 2008 it was purchased by Green Bay-based United Ministries, which has been converting the campus for use as a Christian youth center.
Although all students were required to take theology and philosophy classes, the school and curriculum were nonsectarian, and welcomed people of all faiths.
Enrollment in 1975 was about 160 students, about one third hailing from the Milwaukee metropolitan area, another 30 from the St. Nazianz area, and the remainder from other parts of eastern Wisconsin; the average classroom size was 7.4. About 30 of the students were African-American, the rest white.
JFK Prep competed in the Wisconsin Independent Schools Athletic Association (dissolved in 2000). The team was originally called the "Royals" with the colors blue and white, but after they acquired uniforms from another school, they changed colors to black and gold and the team name to the "Moors."
Athletics was otherwise not a major part of the student experience; Marty Crowe once remarked that it was "the most non-jock school in the state."
The former school gymnasium was restored in April 2006. Jim and Linda Frasch of United Ministries acquired the property in 2008 and have been renovating other buildings for use as a summer and winter camp for children.
The gymnasium houses a flea market to raise funds for the restoration. Additionally, the former football field, and several dormitories have been renovated, and a campground built near the lake. The church remains abandoned; however, a temporary roof has been installed which allows it to be open during the summer.
He finished eighteenth at the 1984 European Indoor Championships fourteenth at the 1989 European Indoor Championships and won the bronze medal at the 1989 Jeux de la Francophonie.
This biographical article about a French high jumper is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Ilkka Villi (born 4 August 1975) is a Finnish actor and writer, best known internationally for his work in the video game Alan Wake as well as the crime drama series Bordertown. He has played a variety of roles in theatre, television, and film.
Villi plays one half of the titular character in the Alan Wake video game franchise. In the role, Villi voices the character during live action sequences and also provides the model, motion capture, and facial expression capture for Wake.
In 2016, Villi was cast as one of the lead police investigators in the crime drama series Bordertown, which was picked up by streaming service Netflix.
Hernando Navarrete (born 28 April 1916) was a Colombian long-distance runner. He competed in the men's 5000 metres at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
This biographical article relating to Colombian athletics is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The wildlife refuge contains a Wild Animal Screening Centre (CETAS) and an Animal Rescue Service. These help wild animals that are threatened by risks such as habitat loss, domestic abuse, accidents and other problems. A veterinarian examines the animal and treats it if necessary.  Where practical it is restored to nature. Otherwise it may be allocated to a zoo or other institution. The refuge is not open to the public.
Platycythara electra is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
Belinuridae is an extinct family of arthropods belonging to the order Xiphosura. The family consists of several genera.
"Terra Incognita" is the 20th episode of the fourth season of the American television drama series Person of Interest. It is the 88th overall episode of the series and is written by producer Erik Mountain and supervising producer Melissa Scrivner Love and directed by Alrick Riley. It aired on CBS in the United States and on CTV in Canada on April 14, 2015.
Reese (Jim Caviezel) is notified by Fusco (Kevin Chapman) of the death of two Brotherhood members at the hand of an Elias ally. Finch (Michael Emerson) interrupts to announce their new number: Chase Patterson, who has been suspected of murdering his family and only avoided charges when he hid on Paris. Finch and Fusco decide to interrogate Elias' ally with the help of Root (Amy Acker) while Reese decides to investigate Chase's case and discovers that Carter investigated the case.
With Live +7 DVR factored in, the episode was watched by 12.13 million viewers with a 2.2 in the 18-49 demographics.
Alexa Planje of The A.V. Club gave the episode an "A" grade and wrote, "Reese's hallucinations of Carter are used to explore his psychology, a psychology that resembles that of a troubled superhero, a narrative that has been repeated time and time again, and is currently keeping The CW in business. 'Terra Incognita' recycles these conventions, but it does so with purpose."
Sean McKenna of TV Fanatic gave the episode a 4.5 star rating out of 5 and wrote "Person of Interest does such a good job of trying to make everything it does carry some sort of purpose, and Carter's return was integral for Reese. You really felt something in such a sincere moment as Reese tearing up or Carter holding his hand."
Hunter Bishop of TV Overmind wrote "This is probably my favorite Person of Interest episode ever, and that is saying something."
This article about a Democratic Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The substitution principle in sustainability is the maxim that processes, services and products should, wherever possible, be replaced with alternatives which have a lower impact on the environment. An example of a strong, hazard-based interpretation of the principle in application to chemicals is: "that hazardous chemicals should be systematically substituted by less hazardous alternatives or preferably alternatives for which no hazards can be identified".
The principle has historically been promoted by environmental groups. The concept is becoming increasingly mainstream, being a key concept in green chemistry and a central element of EU REACH regulation. Critics of the principle claim it is very difficult to implement in reality, especially in terms of legislation.[citation needed]
Nonetheless, the concept is an important one and a key driver behind identifying Substances of Very High Concern in REACH and the development of hazardous substance lists such as the SIN List and the ETUC Trade Union Priority List. EU-funded projects such as SubsPort are under development to aid the identification and development of safer substitutes for hazardous chemicals.
The Baytown Outlaws was released in the UK on both DVD and Blu-ray Disc on 26 December 2012 through Universal Pictures UK. The release includes a short behind the scenes documentary with cast and crew as well as the film's trailers.
The film opened to mixed reviews.  The sense was that the movie was made to capture the essence of a Robert Rodriguez or Quentin Tarrantino styled movie, "but not as good," and "it has neither the stamina nor the wit to go the distance." Yet, it was deemed entertaining nonetheless. On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of 22% based on 27 reviews, with an average rating of 4.13/10.
He was a lineal descendant of John McCulloch, who was born in Kirkcudbright, Scotland in April 1747 and came to America before the Revolutionary War in 1759 (and later dropped the final C from his last name).  His paternal uncle was the civil engineer and professor Richard Sears McCulloh and his paternal grandfather was James W. McCulloh, Speaker of the Maryland House of Delegates.
In 1885, McCulloh began working as a railroad clerk with the West Shore Railroad.  By 1890, he was assistant to the Superintendent of Telephone and Signals.  From 1890 to 1893, he studied at the joint operating headquarters of the West Shore Railroad and the Western Union Telegraph Company in Weehawken, New Jersey.
McCulloh also served as a director of the National Surety Company, the Empire City Subway Company, the Holmes Electric Protective Company as a trustee of the Bowery Savings Bank, and served as vice-president of the New York State Chamber of Commerce.  He also served as a member of the "advisory committee of the American Express branch of the Chase National Bank of New York City."
Gordon was a member of the American Yacht Club and the Apawamis Club, both in Rye (where he had been a resident since 1898 and was a governor and founder of the Manursing Island Club), and the Saint Andrew's Society of the State of New York where he served as second vice-president, first vice-president and president of the Society from 1932 to 1934.
McCulloh died at Warriston, his residence, 890 Forest Avenue in Rye, on July 5, 1957. He was buried at Greenwood Union Cemetery in Rye.
The Amanda's pennant (Celithemis amanda) is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae. It is native to the southeastern United States.
This species is 24 to 31 millimeters long with a hindwing 21 to 27 millimeters long. The face is yellow, darkening to brown or red in older male specimens. The thorax is yellow, darkening to brown. The abdomen is dark brown to black with a few dorsal spots and yellow or red markings. The bases of the hindwings are amber or brown with black stripes.
Anadara notabilis, or the eared ark clam, is a clam in the family Arcidae. It can be found in Caribbean waters, ranging from Florida to Bermuda and Brazil.
Adults have been recorded on wing from June to July and again from September to October. The larvae feed on various low-growing plants.
Following his retirement from professional ice hockey, he spent 18 years as head coach of various teams at Princeton University. Quackenbush coached men's golf, and both the men's and women's ice hockey teams, at various times. He won eight Ivy League Championships with the men's golf team and three with the women's ice hockey team.
Following his NHL career, Quackenbush worked as a manufacturer's agent while attending night school at Northeastern University in Boston, Massachusetts. At Northeastern, he earned an Associate's degree in engineering. Quackenbush also became an assistant coach at Northeastern.
He married Joan Kalloch and the couple had three sons, Bruce, Scott and Todd. At the time of his death, Quackenbush also had seven grandchildren. He died of pneumonia and complications from Alzheimer's disease on September 12, 1999, at Chandler Hall Hospice in Newtown, Pennsylvania, at the age of 77.
Quackenbush was an offensive defenceman who carried the puck up the ice, making use of his stick handling, passing skills and ability to read the play. Over the course of his career, he was considered one of the elite rushing defenceman in the NHL. He was a solid checker, but relied more on positioning and discipline than physical play. This is evident by his low yearly average of penalty minutes and the fact that he was assessed only one major penalty throughout his NHL career.
Defensively he made use of poke checks to take the puck from his opponents and excelled at getting to loose pucks and clearing them out of the defensive zone. He was adept at keeping opposing forwards from creating offence from behind the net.
His next assignment was with 1st Marine Regiment, with which he sailed for Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. Keating was stationed at Cuba for four months and returned to United States in March 1919. He received an honorable discharge in April 1919 and was promoted to the rank of first lieutenant.
Following his discharge, Keating worked in the printing and publishing business in Philadelphia, before he rejoined Marine Corps Reserve in August 1930 as first lieutenant. He was assigned to the reserve 1st Battalion, 21st Marine Regiment, and his assignments included intelligence officer, operations officer, executive officer and later also commanding officer. For his reserve service, Keating was decorated with the Reserve Good Conduct Medal with two stars.
Keating was recalled to the active duty with the Marine Corps in November 1940 with the rank of major and assigned to the Marine Corps Recruit Depot Parris Island, South Carolina. He was transferred to Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, in January 1941 and was assigned to 1st Marine Division under the command of Major General Holland Smith. Major Keating was subsequently appointed executive officer of 1st Battalion, 11th Marine Regiment under Colonel Pedro del Valle.
Colonel Keating was transferred back to the United States in October 1944 and assigned to Intelligence Section within Headquarters Marine Corps. He was first appointed Section executive officer and later succeeded Colonel Edmond J. Buckley as section director in December 1944. Keating remained in this capacity until December 1945.
During July 1945, Keating was commissioned in the regular Marine Corps and was appointed director of the Fourth Reserve District Headquarters in Philadelphia. He was later transferred to Hawaii, where he assumed command of Camp Catlin, where was stationed the Headquarters, Fleet Marine Force, Pacific. Keating also served simultaneously as assistant chief of staff and intelligence officer of Fleet Marine Force, Pacific.
Tamino-Amir Moharam Fouad (born 24 October 1996), known mononymously as Tamino, is a Belgian singer, musician and model. He is of Belgian, Egyptian and Lebanese origin. He is the grandson of renowned Egyptian singer and movie star Muharram Fouad.
In November 2016, Tamino was invited by Belgian band Het Zesde Metaal to play a Radio 1 session. His first single, Habibi, made an impression and he was immediately picked up by Radio 1.
In 2017, Tamino won a new musical talent competition at Studio Brussels. On 11 October 2017 he played in the Ancienne Belgique (Brussels) where he was nicknamed 'the Belgian Jeff Buckley'. He has also played at Palais 12 (Brussels) and during the   Flemish Music Industry Awards  and the Melkweg in Amsterdam. During the summer of 2017, he was featured in festivals across Belgium and the Netherlands such as Rock Werchter and Pukkelpop.  
In the summer of 2018 Tamino performed in festivals across Europe including Rock en Seine (Paris).  On 19 October 2018 Tamino released his first full-length album Amir (Arts & Crafts/Communion). At the end of October, he played three sold-out shows at the Ancienne Belgique as part of a European headline tour. On 8 November 2018 he performed in Iceland at Iceland Airwaves. 
Tamino was featured in Live Nation's Ones To Watch, which spoke of Tamino's voice saying his "falsetto surpasses 'face melting' and rises to a space of pureness that can only be described as divine."  He recently announced his first headline stadium show in November 2019 at the Lotto Arena.
In 2019, Tamino played four shows at SXSW, his first ever North American shows where he shared the live version of his single "Indigo Night", with Radiohead bassist Colin Greenwood. On 10 May, Tamino released his live EP titled Live at Ancienne Belgique. Following SXSW he returned to Europe for a tour across the continent, including France, Great Britain, Germany, and the Sziget Festival in Budapest. 
On 19 October 2018 Tamino released his first full-length album Amir. Throughout the album, Tamino is joined by a collective of Arabic musicians based in Brussels called Nagham Zikrayat, an orchestra predominantly made up of professional musicians from the Middle East, most of whom are refugees that fled Iraq and Syria.
The BBC hailed Amir as "The New Sound Of The Nile" an ode to Tamino's grandfather Muharram Fouad. The Independent included Amir in their top 10 albums of 2018. Tamino won the Anchor Award at Germany's 2018 Reeperbahn festival and has been nominated for 5 MIA Award's in Belgium.
It is about a top field agent in the National Intelligence Service (NIS). After going missing a year ago, he returns to the organization to find an internal traitor who dropped him into the abyss.
The series received a 15 billion won investment from MBC and Wavve for its production. It is labelled as "MBC's 60th anniversary special project".
Nevin William Hayes, O.Carm. (February 17, 1922 - July 12, 1988) was an American Bishop of the Catholic Church. He served as the prelate of the Territorial Prelature of Sicuani in Peru from 1959 to 1970 and as an auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of Chicago from 1971 to 1988.
Born in Chicago, Illinois, Nevin Hayes professed religious vows in the Order of the Brothers of Our Lady of Mount Carmel (Carmelites).  
On June 8, 1946, he was ordained a priest.  Hayes was appointed as the prelate of the Territorial Prelature of Sicuani on January 10, 1959, by Pope John XXIII. While remaining the Prelate of Sicuani, Pope Paul VI appointed him as the Titular Bishop of Nova Sinna.  He was consecrated a bishop by Chicago Auxiliary Bishop Cletus F. O'Donnell. The principal co-consecrators were Bishops Bernard Joseph Flanagan of Worcester and William G. Connare of Greensburg.
Hayes resigned as prelate on November 7, 1970, and was appointed Auxiliary Bishop of Chicago on February 2, 1971. He served in that capacity until his death on July 12, 1988.
The film had its North America premiere on 8 September 2007 as part of the 2007 Toronto International Film Festival and was released as King of the Hill by the Weinstein Company.
Kid Sister is an album by The Time Jumpers. It earned the group a Grammy Award nomination for Best Americana Album and the title track won songwriter Vince Gill the award for Best American Roots Song.
Jealous of his personal ascendancy over Louis XVI, he intrigued against Turgot, whose disgrace in 1776 was followed after six months of disorder by the appointment of Jacques Necker. In 1781 Maurepas deserted Necker as he had done Turgot, and he died at Versailles on 21 November 1781.
Laser blended vision provides a range of benefits, particularly in comparison to traditional monivision solutions, such as bifocal glasses or contact lenses.
The key advantage of Laser blended vision is the freedom from reading glasses.  Between 95% and 98% of Laser Blended Vision patients can read normal newsprint and between 80% to 96% can read the very smallest print on medicine bottle inserts (J1 or N4 print size).,
There is a creation of intermediate and far-intermediate distance zone of binocular fusion, allowing the merging of images from each eye in the brain so no dissociation occurs between the eyes as with monovision.  Due to increased depth of field in both eyes, the distance vision is significantly better than would otherwise be anticipated.
Laser Blended Vision is a shape profile modification to the standard excimer laser eye surgery method that has been performed tens of millions of times worldwide, mostly as LASIK. LASIK provides a very high level of safety particularly when employing femtosecond laser flap creation (IntraLASIK) and eye tracker technology that tracks eye position at a feedback frequency significantly higher than the repetition rate of the excimer laser pulses themselves.
Unlike with monovision surgery where it is generally advised to perform a "monovision contact lens trial", Laser Blended Vision screening does not incorporate this as it would automatically exclude many suitable candidates from having the procedure. This is because a much larger proportion of people are suitable for Laser Blended Vision (>95%) than monovision (59-67%).
During the surgery, a corneal flap is created, during which there can be a sensation of slight pressure on the eye during the procedure.
A year after Laser Blended Vision LASIK, approximately 95% of patients achieved 20/20 vision at distance while able to read newsprint type size at near.
The Portuguese Karting Championship is a kart racing series based in Portugal. It has taken place in every year since 2007.
Novitzky was the lead special agent on the federal perjury trial of Barry Bonds.  The trial detailed the extensive history of Bonds' athletic performance enhancing drug use during his quest for the two most hallowed records in American professional sports, the single season and all-time home run marks. 
The bulk of the names provided in the Mitchell Report about doping in Major League Baseball were provided by Radomski and Brian MacNamee, a personal trainer for MLB pitcher Roger Clemens, both of whom Novitzky persuaded to talk to Senator Mitchell and his staff.
In his book The Secret Race, former professional cyclist Tyler Hamilton wrote that Novitzky drove a "bulldozer" through the sport of cycling in uncovering details about the pervasive use of performance enhancing drugs.
Novitzky has been criticized by certain defendants in steroid-related cases as being biased and unfair.  Novitzky, in multiple cross examinations, including during the federal perjury investigation of Roger Clemens, has been a credible government witness.  
Novitzky has appeared as a guest on The Joe Rogan Experience podcast on three separate occasions. It was Brendan Schaub who coined Novitzky's nickname, "The Golden Snitch."
This biographical article relating to Spanish athletics is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The novel opens with five friends out for a night of drinking and occasional brawling. All five are teachers at  a less-than-first-rate boarding school called Feliss Academy, situated in the town of Simka in Feliss Province (a future version of Simcoe, Ontario, the author's home town, and not far from the author's Waterloo current home). Future versions of other real locations, such as Niagara Falls, Port Dover, and the Port Dover mausoleum appear in the novel.
These animals had a variety of body sizes, and could be as small as domestic cats (Tetraclaenodon and Ectocion) and as large as sheep (Phenacodus). The skull of phenacodontids is long and narrow, and equipped with a small braincase.
The skeleton of phenacodontids show several primitive characteristics (the long and heavy tail for example) but also a number of advanced, Perissodactyla-like adaptations: Their long legs, for example, had five fingers, but the first finger showed a clear reduction, and in some forms (like Phenacodus) the fifth finger was reduced as well.
Some species had tapir-like adaptations suggestive of the presence of a short proboscis or a strong prehensile lip.
The teeth of phenacodontids, particularly in the latter forms, were quite specialized: The molars and premolars were equipped with low cusps that sometimes joined in ridges, similar to the condition found in some perissodactyls. Some forms, like Meniscotherium, had enlarged ridges. This adaptation is unusual for mammals as old as phenacodontids. Only a few other archaic mammals possessed teeth with similar structures, such as Pleuraspidotherium.
The phenacodontids evolved in the middle Paleocene in North America. Early forms were usually small; Tetraclaenodon, for example, was the size of a fox. Later forms were much larger and invaded Europe, although they never became as plentiful as in North America.
Towards the beginning of the Eocene these animals slowly disappeared from the fossil record. Only a few forms survived into the middle Eocene: the Phenacodus in Europe and North America, Almogaver in Europe and Ectocion in North America.
An exception to the scarcity of Eocene phenacodontids is the dog-sized genus Meniscotherium, whose fossils are very abundant.
Phenacodontids have classically been included in the large group Condylarthra, now considered polyphyletic. In particular, the genus Phenacodus is often illustrated as a typical example of a "condylarth", due to the remarkable abundance of fossil remains.
Some phylogenetic analyses have revealed effective relationships between the various groups of "condylarths". One phylogeny suggests there may be close correlations between a clade containing proboscidates, hyracoids, perissodactyls and phenacodontids and another clade with Microhyus and the macroscelids The clade including these forms would be analogous to the clade Taxeopoda, proposed in 1998.
According to more recent views, instead of a monophyletic clade, the Condylarths are better understood as an evolutionary grade that lead to the true ungulates. Indeed, recent phylogenetic studies confirm that phenacodonts were most closely related to modern odd-toed ungulates.
The specialized teeth found in at least some phenacodontids seem to indicate a primary herbivorous lifestyle. The shape of the legs indicated that some phenacodontids (like Phenacodus) were swift runners.
iTunes Live: London Festival '08 is an EP by the classically influenced rock band Elliot Minor.  This 6-track EP was released on July 11, 2008 by digital download on iTunes. It was recorded on July 6, 2008  at the KOKO, London. The download package is accompanied with a PDF digital booklet.
How Green Was My Valley is a 1939 novel by Richard Llewellyn, narrated by Huw Morgan, the main character, about his Welsh family and the mining community in which they live. The author had claimed that he based the book on his own personal experiences but this was found to be untrue after his death; Llewellyn was English-born and spent little time in Wales, though he was of Welsh descent. Llewellyn gathered material for the novel from conversations with local mining families in Gilfach Goch.
In the United States, Llewellyn won the National Book Award for favourite novel of 1940, voted by members of the American Booksellers Association.
The novel is set in South Wales during the reign of Queen Victoria. It tells the story of the Morgans, a respectable mining family of the South Wales Valleys, through the eyes of one of the sons, Huw Morgan.
Huw's academic ability sets him apart from his elder brothers and enables him to consider a future away from the dangerous coal mines. His five brothers and his father are miners. After his eldest brother, Ivor, is killed in a mining accident, Huw moves in with his sister-in-law, Bronwen, with whom he has always been in love.
Huw's father is later killed in a mine explosion. After everyone Huw has known either dies or moves away, and the town is reduced to a contaminated shell, he decides to leave, and tells the story of his life just before going away.
The Middle Brothers: These are Huw's young adult brothers.  Ianto goes to London to find work early in the book, but returns unhappily; Owen and Gwilym do the same later.
The first edition was published in 1939 by Michael Joseph Ltd, London. The first printing included a limited edition run of 200, numbered and signed by Richard Llewellyn. The original print run also included a glossary covering Welsh words and terms at the end of the book. 
The novel was adapted as a Broadway musical, called A Time for Singing, which opened at the Broadway Theatre, New York, on 21 May 1966. The music was by John Morris; book and lyrics were by Gerald Freedman and John Morris. The production was directed by Mr. Freedman, and it starred Ivor Emmanuel, Tessie O'Shea, Shani Wallis, and Laurence Naismith.
A stage version, adapted by Shaun McKenna was performed at the Theatre Royal in Northampton in 1990.  It marked the stage debut of Aled Jones as the teenage Huw. It was directed by Michael Napier Brown and designed by Ray Lett.
In 2017, the book was also adapted as a short film for the use in the music video for the song Pleader by the band alt-J. The music video adaptation takes some liberties in retelling the story, with the catastrophic family deaths being caused by a landslide, which was caused by a German V2 rocket during WWII rather than a mine explosion.
This article about a location in the Nome Census Area, Alaska is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
After a year long illness, Frances Tipton Hunter died on March 3, 1957 at the Philadelphia Jefferson Hospital. She is buried in Howard, Pennsylvania.
School league tables and other education statistics are often criticised as an example of target culture. The use of number of GCSE examinations passed at grade C as a measure of educational attainment has led schools to focus specifically on getting students on the boundary between grades C and D to improve enough to get a C.
In 2007, the Police Federation of England and Wales criticised the bureaucratisation of policing and argued that the use of targets increased the number of arrests made for petty offences.
The failure and investigation of Stafford Hospital has been blamed on target culture by some. The Guardian report in an interview with an anonymous senior NHS doctor that Stafford Hospital "was a graphic illustration of the growing disconnect we see every day between a target-driven culture and the best interests of our patients".
In 2008, the British Conservative Party politician Liam Fox, writing for the website ConservativeHome, lists Bristol Eye Centre as an example of the negative effects of a target culture: by trying to meet government targets to recruit more patients, they failed to make follow-up appointments with existing patients leading to some patients losing some or all of their eyesight.
Baxter was born at Rickhurst (Rykhurst), Alfold, Surrey, on 20 October 1781. Early in life he settled in Lewes as a bookseller and printer. Among the earliest of Baxter's enterprises was the publication of a large quarto Bible, annotated by the Rev. John Styles, D.D., and illustrated with wood engravings.
The Library of Agricultural and Horticultural Knowledge  had a very extensive circulation. It was published in 1830, with a second edition in 1832. George Sinclair wrote an article On the cultivation of the natural grasses for the publication. Other authors included John Ellman.
Southern High School is a public secondary school located at 1 Jose Perez Leon Guerrero Drive in the village of Santa Rita, in the United States territory of Guam. The school, a part of the  Guam Public School System, opened in 1997 and serves grades 9 through 12. Southern High  serves the villages of Santa Rita, Agat, Asan-Maina, Inarajan, Merizo, Piti, Talofofo, Umatac, and Yona.
Students may participate in interscholastic athletics if they are under the age of nineteen on September 1 of the applicable school year.
The Missouri-Pacific Railroad Depot-Gurdon is a historic railroad station building at North 1st Street and East Walnut Street in Gurdon, Arkansas.  The single-story masonry building was built c. 1917 by the Missouri-Pacific Railroad to house passenger and freight service facilities.  It is built in the Mediterranean Renaissance style which was then popular for building such structures in Arkansas.  It has a red clay tile roof, Italianate bracketing, and Baroque quoin molding.
This article about a property in Clark County, Arkansas on the National Register of Historic Places is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The 46th Yasar Dogu Tournament 2018, was a wrestling event held in Istanbul, Turkey between the 27th and 29th of July 2018.
Geoff Hunt PPRSMA (born 1948) is a British maritime artist and former President of the Royal Society of Marine Artists.
In addition to his illustrative work, Hunt has forged a successful career exhibiting across the globe.  He is a Past-President of the Royal Society of Marine Artists.  Whilst he continues to paint historic scenes, Hunt also depicts contemporary pleasure yachts, warships and other vessels.
The Lepidoptera of Norway consist of both the butterflies and moths recorded from Norway. This list includes species recorded from Svalbard and Jan Mayen.
Pama borders on Kittsee in the north, Gattendorf and Zurndorf in the south, Deutsch Jahrndorf in the southeast, Lower Austria in the west and Slovakia in the east.
After the Ottoman wars, the strongly decimated population was supplemented by the influx of Croatian-speaking population. The Burgenland Croats have shrunk noticeably in recent decades, but are still very active in community life. The majority of church services are held mainly in Croatian. The town belonged to Hungary (German-Western Hungary) until the foundation of Burgenland in 1920/21.
Before the Second World War, Jewish families lived in Pama, as well as in Kittsee, the neighboring town that was part of the seven Jewish communities in Burgenland. After the "Anschluss" of Austria to the National Socialist German Reich, the Jews living in Kittsee and Pama were expelled from their homes on 16 April 1938 and abandoned on a lonely island on the Danube.
The municipal council has a total of 19 members. The Social Democratic Party of Austria has 10 councillors, the Austrian People's Party 9.
 The Inn at 97 Winder is a luxurious historic Inn located at 97 Winder Street in Midtown Detroit, Michigan, within the Brush Park district. Originally known as the John Harvey House, it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991. The Detroit hotel is two blocks from Comerica Park and three blocks from Ford Field.
John Harvey was a successful pharmacist in Detroit, but he is best known for his philanthropy in educating and feeding the city's poor children and orphans, beginning in the period just after the American Civil War and continuing into the early twentieth century. Harvey established Detroit's Industrial School and later the Sabbath Mission School to educate indigent children.
John Harvey died in 1905, but his widow lived in the house into the 1920s. In the 1920s, Jesse Hobbs, an automobile worker, purchased the home. In 1938, the structure was converted into a rooming house; some of the larger rooms were partitioned.
Developers purchased the John Harvey House in 1986, renovated the structure, and, in 2005, opened it as the historic Inn at 97 Winder with 10-room guest rooms.
Ali Akbar Moosavi-Movahedi (born in Shiraz, Iran, February 1953) is an Iranian Biophysicist, and  Biophysical Chemist at Institute of Biochemistry and Biophysics, University of Tehran. He is the founder of the Iran Society of Biophysical Chemistry. He is the fellow of The World Academy of Sciences (TWAS), fellow of Islamic World Academy of Sciences (IAS), and a member of the Islamic Republic of Iran Academy of Sciences.
Ali Akbar Moosavi-Movahedi was born in Shiraz, Iran, in 1953. He attended Alborz High School in 1968, graduated from the National University of Iran (now known as Shahid Beheshti University) with a BSc in Chemistry in 1975, earned his MSc in Bioanalytical Chemistry at the Eastern Michigan University in 1979,  and obtained his PhD in Biophysical Chemistry at the University of Manchester in 1986.
He is the founding member of the Federation of Iran Bioscience Societies (FIrBS), Universal Scientific Education and Research Network (USERN), Biochemical Society of Iran, Iranian Biology Society.
He supports to organize National, Regional, and International conferences in the field of Biophysical Chemistry, Biothermodynamics, Biomolecular Sciences and also in the area of enculturing science and technology advancements.
As a surgeon, Hesselbach is best known for his work with hernia operations. He was the first to describe a handful of anatomical structures, such as the cribriform fascia (Hesselbach's fascia), interfoveolar ligament (Hesselbach's ligament) and the inguinal triangle (Hesselbach's triangle).
This article about a German person in the field of medicine is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Anthaxioides aurorus is a species of beetles in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Anthaxioides.
Karimganj district is one of the 34 districts of the Indian state of Assam. Karimganj town is both the administrative headquarters district and the biggest town of this district. It is located in southern Assam and borders Tripura and the Sylhet Division of Bangladesh. It makes up the Barak Valley alongside Hailakandi and Cachar. Karimganj was previously part of the Sylhet District before the Partition of India. It became a district in 1983.
After the Conquest of Gour in 1303, many disciples of Shah Jalal migrated and settled in present-day Karimganj where they preached Islam to the local people. Syed Abu Bakr migrated to Chhotalekha, Adam Khaki and Shah Syed Badruddin to Badarpur and Shah Sikandar to Bundasil (Deorail).
During the 15th century, an independent state was established in the region by a landowner named Malik Pratap, who seceded it from its previous rulers, the Manikya dynasty of Tripura. This state, named the Pratapgarh Kingdom, ruled there for several centuries and came into conflict with the neighbouring monarchs of Bengal and Kachar. Pratapgarh was eventually conquered by the latter during the early 17th century.
Karimganj town is an important centre of trade and commerce in the North East India. Its river port, with elaborate infra-structures like cargo-terminal, jetty, warehouses etc., is capable of handling large volumes of cargoes carried by steamers plying through river ways via Bangladesh. Karimganj is also a border trade centre and import-export business worth crores of rupees is carried out through the custom trade point at Dakbangla Ghat in the town and Sutarkandi Custom Station.
Karimganj is an agricultural district. Historically, tea has been the major agricultural product of Cachar region including Karimganj. Sugarcane is also grown in the district for sugar and Gur production.[citation needed]
There are five Assam Legislative Assembly constituencies in this district: Ratabari, Patharkandi,  Karimganj North,  Karimganj South, and Badarpur. Ratabari is designated for scheduled castes. All five are in the Karimganj Lok Sabha constituency.
According to 2011 Indian Census, the Muslims form a slight majority in the district constituting 56.4% of the population, with Hindus at 42.5% of the population, followed by 1.0% Christians. Small populations of Jain, Buddhists and Sikhs also reside in the district.
According to the 2011 census, 86.84% of the district spoke Bengali, 5.70% Hindi, 2.00% Bishnupriya Manipuri and 1.65% Bhojpuri as their first language.
Notable minority languages include Bishnupriya Manipuri and Meitei. There are also a small tribal communities like Hrangkhol, Kuki, Khasi, Tripuri and Sakachep.
This article about an Ancient Greek writer or poet is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Postplatyptilia flinti is a moth of the family Pterophoridae. It is known from Argentina, Brazil and Paraguay.
This article on a moth of the family Pterophoridae is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Gold Afternoon Fix is the sixth album by the Australian alternative rock band the Church, released in April 1990. It was their second album for Arista Records in the US and was expected to capitalise and build on the success of 1988's Starfish. The album saw considerable promotion upon its release, but despite moderate success in the US, with the single "Metropolis" reaching the top of the Modern Rock Tracks chart, the release failed to deliver mass commercial appeal.
Despite the album's title, Steve Kilbey was not yet using heroin at this point. He only started smoking (not fixing) the drug after the subsequent tour, having been introduced to it by Grant McLennan of the Go-Betweens. The title actually derives from a stock market term relating to the daily price which is set for gold.
The album is unique among the Church's releases in the absence of any 12-string electric guitar. The missing trademark sound was due to guitarist Marty Willson-Piper's 12-string Rickenbacker having been stolen during the previous tour.
Great Manson Farm is located on the southwest side of Manson Lane on the northern outskirts of Monmouth, in the Buckholt area. The farm is south of Buckholt Wood, and was within Wye Bridge Ward at the turn of the nineteenth century. It is currently located within the electoral division of Dixton with Osbaston. The farm includes three Grade II listed buildings: the Great Manson farmhouse, the large barn, and the old cider house. The farmhouse was built in the eighteenth century, circa 1760.
The 1912 Tulane Olive and Blue football team represented Tulane University during the 1912 college football season.
There is a statue of John Rockey Park in an alcove just to the left of the west (front) entrance to the University of Utah main administration building which bears his name.  There is a plaque fixed to the base of the statue. The plaque lists biographical dates and statistics from Park's life and career, and then repeats the following quote from an 1885 speech he gave to future teachers:
I would have you remember that the best intellectual ability ... will result in worse than failure, unless it has underlying it a stratum of moral culture.
Park was born in Tiffin, Ohio. As a young man he worked on his family's farm just outside town and attended Tiffin's public school.
From 1853 to 1855, Park was employed as a teacher for the first time; he taught at the Academy in Republic where he had attended classes as a student.
In 1855, Park entered medical school at New York University where he was a student of the chemist, historian and philosopher, John William Draper. In later life, Park would "gratefully acknowledge" the positive influence that Draper's teaching and friendship had on his life. In 1857, Park received his MD, and he began practicing medicine that same year.
By 1860, Park had decided to leave the practice of medicine. Instead, he ventured out west where (initially at least) he would not always find employment as a teacher.
Park came to Utah Territory in 1861 settling in Draper. In 1862, he was baptized a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church).
In 1869, Park became president of the University of Deseret, the predecessor of the University of Utah.
In 1895, Park was elected as Utah Superintendent of Education on the Republican ticket. He continued to serve in this position until 1900. He was succeeded by Emma McVicker.
Upon his death in 1900, Park bequeathed his entire fortune, plus his library, to the University of Utah.
The Draper Park School, in Draper, Utah, near where Park taught school early in his career, is named after him, and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Cabela's GrandSlam Hunting: 2004 Trophies is the first sequel to Cabela's GrandSlam Hunting: North American 29. It was developed by American studio nFusion Interactive and released on August 28, 2003. The game was published by Activision, in conjunction with hunting supply company Cabela's.
This biographical article related to fencing in Poland is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The building consists of three stories, a ground floor and two upper floors. Nights, it is being fully illuminated by floodlights.
Sundlo was educated as an officer and graduated from the Norwegian Military Academy in 1902. He joined Nasjonal Samling in 1933, and was appointed commander of Infantry Regiment 15 the same year.
When the Germans invaded Norway 9 April 1940, Sundlo held the rank of colonel and was commander-in-chief for Narvik area.
After the surrender of Narvik on 9 April 1940, Sundlo was accused of treason by his divisional commander, General Carl Gustav Fleischer. However, the post-war trials only found that Sundlo had committed "negligent offences" at Narvik in 1940. He was still found guilty for a number of other acts during the occupation, and sentenced to life in prison. A minority of three of the eight judges at his trial voted for a death sentence. Konrad Sundlo was pardoned in 1952 and died in 1965.
During the German occupation Sundlo was Rikshirdsjef (paramilitary collaborationist commander) from the autumn of 1940. After that he served as the collaborationist county governor of Oslo and Akershus from 1943 to 1944 and lastly in Sogn og Fjordane until the end of the war.
The Old City of Freiburg is part of the city and business centres of Freiburg im Breisgau and is the core of the original city. It is divided into the two districts 111 Altstadt-Mitte and 112 Altstadt-Ring. The Altstadt-Mitte district was the city's build-up area at the time of its foundation and therefore formed the old city. The district Altstadt-Ring is connected westwards to the railway line and south to the Dreisam.
Since 1979, the city hosts an annual outdoor art and design market called Kunst in der oberen Altstadt (English literally: Art in the upper old city) featuring many artists and designers of a number of different handicrafts.
The Old City is the center for cultural life in Freiburg. The Theater Freiburg, the Konzerthaus Freiburg, most of the museums and cinemas, the headquarters of the city's library as well as the Planetarium located at the Freiburg's main train station are all located in the Old City.
The University of Freiburg is also located in the Old City, alongside the faculties of humanities and social sciences as well as the university library.
The district of Altstadt-Mitte has been a pedestrian zone since the mid-1870s. After the ring road was blocked between the two districts in 2012, the pedestrian zone was partially extended to the district Altstadt-Ring. The boundaries of the built-up old city form multi-lane streets as the main traffic arteries of individual traffic. Car parking is concentrated to several car parking areas on the main traffic axes, whilst in other streets residents have their own car parks.
The Journal of a Disappointed Man is the first volume of published journal entries by English naturalist and diarist Bruce Frederick Cummings, writing under the nom-de-plume W. N. P. Barbellion.
The Journal of a Disappointed Man was described by its author as "a study in the nude". The book was originally optioned by Collins, who eventually rejected the book because they feared the "lack of morals" shown by Barbellion would damage their reputation. An editor's note at the very end of the book claims Barbellion died on 31 December 1917, but Cummings in fact lived for nearly two more years.
The first edition bore a preface by H.G. Wells, which led some reviewers to believe the journal was a work of fiction by Wells himself; Wells publicly denied this but the true identity of "Barbellion" was not known by the public until after Cummings' death.
  This is a list of Gujarati language films that are scheduled to release in 2021. The film industry continued to be affected by COVID-19 pandemic.
He has written extensively on medicine and public health for The New Yorker and Slate, and is the author of the books Complications: A Surgeon's Notes on an Imperfect Science; Better: A Surgeon's Notes on Performance; The Checklist Manifesto; and Being Mortal: Medicine and What Matters in the End.
Gawande was born on November 5, 1965, in Brooklyn, New York, to Marathi Indian immigrants to the United States, both doctors. His family soon moved to Athens, Ohio, where he and his sister grew up, and he graduated from Athens High School in 1983.
Soon after he began his residency, his friend Jacob Weisberg, editor of Slate, asked him to contribute to the online magazine. Several articles by Gawande were published in The New Yorker, and he was made a staff writer for that publication in 1998.
A June 2009 New Yorker essay by Gawande compared the health care of two towns in Texas to show why health care was more expensive in one town compared to the other. Using the town of McAllen, Texas, as an example, it argued that a corporate, profit-maximizing culture (which can provide substantial amounts of unnecessary care) was an important factor in driving up costs, unlike a culture of low-cost high-quality care as provided by the Mayo Clinic and other efficient health systems.
In 2012, he gave the TED talk "How Do We Heal Medicine?" which has been viewed more than 2 million times.
Gawande published his first book, Complications: A Surgeon's Notes on an Imperfect Science, containing revised versions of 14 of his articles for Slate and The New Yorker, in 2002. It was a National Book Award finalist.
His second book, Better: A Surgeon's Notes on Performance, was released in April 2007. It discusses three virtues that Gawande considers to be most important for success in medicine: diligence, doing right, and ingenuity. Gawande offers examples in the book of people who have embodied these virtues. The book strives to present multiple sides of contentious medical issues, such as malpractice law in the US, physicians' role in capital punishment, and treatment variation between hospitals.
Gawande released his third book, The Checklist Manifesto: How to Get Things Right, in 2009. It discusses the importance of organization and preplanning (such as thorough checklists) in both medicine and the larger world. The Checklist Manifesto reached the New York Times hardcover nonfiction bestseller list in 2010.
Being Mortal: Medicine and What Matters in the End was released in October 2014 and became a #1 New York Times bestseller. It discusses end of life choices about assisted living and the effect of medical procedures on terminally ill people. The book was the basis of a documentary for the PBS television series "Frontline" and was first broadcast on February 10, 2015.
Gawande chairs Lifebox, a non-profit founded in 2011 which provides training and equipment for safer surgery.
On July 13, 2021, President Biden announced his intention of nominating Gawande to the post of Assistant Administrator of U.S. AID for the Bureau of Global Health.
In 2004, Gawande was selected as one of the "20 Most Influential South Asians" by Newsweek. In 2006, he was named a MacArthur Fellow for his work investigating and articulating modern surgical practices and medical ethics. In 2007, he became director of the World Health Organization's effort to reduce surgical deaths, and in 2009 he was elected a Hastings Center Fellow.
Ixora johnsonii is a species of flowering plant in the family Rubiaceae. It is endemic to Ernakulam in the state of Kerala, India.
Stoke again failed to make it past the second round this time West Ham United knocking City out of the League Cup.
Yusuf Janfalan  is an Anglican bishop in Nigeria: he is the current Bishop of Ikara, one of ten dioceses within the Anglican Province of Kaduna, itself one of 14 provinces within the Church of Nigeria.
Yachts club SMTU was an educational yacht club on Kirov Islands of St. Petersburg.  It occupied the island of Bezymyanniy.
After the creation in 1930 of the Saint Petersburg State Marine and Technological University, based on the Saint Petersburg Polytechnical University, there was a requirement for sea engineers to have training and practice opportunities.
During the Second World War, students gained this practice at the Admiralty Shipyard, but towards the end of the 1940s, a new place was allocated using institute yachts, on Krestovsky island.
At the end of the 1950s, the territory of the Yacht club SMTU became an island, when a rowing canal was dug on Krestovsky island in 1958-1960.  This new island was named Anonymous (Russian: Bezymyanniy), and the city administration officially placed it under the authority of the SMTU (then known as the LMTU) in 1959.
Club held competitions which often had no prize fund; for example winners of a Quartet - 2002 cup were awarded edible fungi.  The club had access to unusual vessels, such as a trimaran, and a submarine.
The last director of the club was Jury Chistjakov,  who was in charge when the club was closed in 2003. The land is now being used for the building of a new sports centre.  This will belong to a noncommercial partnership Javara-Neva, and its president will be Vladimir Putin.
Mr. Khalil Abdul-Karim joined the Muslim Brotherhood in his youth. After attaining his high school diploma he traveled to Cairo to study Law and he graduated from Cairo University (then, Fouad the First University).[citation needed]
Mr. Abdul-Karim started his law-practice office where he was the head of the defense team (Primary and Appeal Courts) in the case of Professor Nasr Abu Zayd who was sued for ridda (apostasy from Islam) and for separation from his wife.
The series was broadcast worldwide through Animax. The Secret of the Lovely Eyepatch was licensed in North America by Bandai Entertainment. The rights to The Counter Attack of Siberian Yagyu were held by Geneon Entertainment. Both series were licensed by Media Blasters in 2012. The series premiered on Toku in the United States in January 2016.
After 300 years of searching, Koinosuke finds Jiyu Nanohana in modern Japan. Her figure makes her the ideal candidate to be the next Jubei. He approaches her and tries to give her the eyepatch but she steadfastly refuses. Only when they are attacked by a Ryujoji swordsman does she don the eyepatch and dispose of him. They eventually find out that the Ryujoji clan believes it will be vindicated once the reincarnation of Jubei is defeated.
The introductory episodes follow the "Monster of the Week" formula, in this case, her teachers and peers constantly challenging her. Later episodes delve into Sai's pain of losing Jiyu's mother, the sacrifice that Jiyu has to make in order to live a double-life as Jubei, and the Ryujoji Family Curse.
What ensues is a three way battle between the Siberian Yagyu, Freesia Yagyu and Yagyu Jubei's successor, Jiyu Nanohana. A major theme of the series is power and how differently people react to it. Jiyu does not want the responsibility and she's afraid to lose herself for power while Freesia does not understand anyone who is not willing to have more power.
David Johnston (born 10 July 1955) is an Australian cricketer. He played fourteen first-class and one List A matches for New South Wales between 1977/78 and 1981/82.
This biographical article related to an Australian cricket person born in the 1950s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Toucan Prize (German: Tukan-Preis) is a literary prize given by the city of Munich to the best new publication by a Munich author. It has been awarded since 1965 and is endowed with 6,000 Euros.
The Isaacson House is a historic house at 2 Benson Street in Lewiston, Maine.  Built in 1959 for Philip M. Isaacson, a local lawyer, it is a distinctive regional example of modest Mid-Century Modern residential architecture, that drew nationwide notice in architectural circles after its construction.  It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2011.
The 2008 WPS Bathurst 12 Hour was an endurance race for Group 3J Performance Cars and Group 3E Series Production Cars. It was the sixth Bathurst 12 Hour to be held and the second since its 2007 revival. The race was won by Rod Salmon, Damien White and Graham Alexander driving a Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution. It was the first time a Mitsubishi had won the race.
The event was staged at the Mount Panorama Circuit, Bathurst, New South Wales, Australia on 10 February 2008 with cars competing in the following classes:
Belgrade (also known as Belgrade with Boris Malagurski) is a 2013 Serbian documentary film directed by Boris Malagurski about Belgrade, the capital of Serbia. The documentary film had its world premiere on 19 October 2013 at Sava Centar in Belgrade and was aired on Radio Television Serbia on 20 October 2014.
The documentary features interviews with prominent Belgraders, such as tennis player Novak Djokovic, who was also featured in the official trailer of the film.
The film was supported by the Serbian Ministry for Culture, the City of Belgrade, Serbs from the diaspora and foreign donors, while the filming took place in over 80 locations throughout Belgrade.
A native of Reidsville, North Carolina, Owens made his Negro leagues debut with the Homestead Grays in 1921. He played 10 seasons with the Grays, and also played for the Pittsburgh Keystones in 1922. Owens died in Washington, D.C. in 1960 at age 66.
Goose-Pie House was a small English Baroque house built by John Vanbrugh in Whitehall, London, in 1701.  The house was demolished in 1898.  The site now lies under the southeast corner of the Old War Office Building on Whitehall, near the  Gurkha Memorial statue on Horse Guards Avenue.
Vanbrugh made his first essays in architecture earlier in the 1690s, when he was engaged by Charles Howard, 3rd Earl of Carlisle to design his palace at Castle Howard in Yorkshire.  Vanbrugh was a well-known playwright, and was friends with the prominent Whigs through his membership of the Kit-Cat Club, but he had no previous formal education in drawing or architectural design.
Vanbrugh repeated the motif of three long round-headed windows at Castle Howard, and on the corner pavilions at Blenheim Palace.  He repeated the rusticated central block with plainer projecting wings at Seaton Delaval Hall.
According to their website the organization hopes to pressure U.S. political leaders to enforce UN Security Council Resolutions relating to the establishment of an independent Palestinian State in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip.
This article about an organization in the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Jason Lee Scott is a fictional character and the main protagonist in the first season of the Power Rangers franchise, played by actor Austin St. John. Jason is known as the original Red Ranger from the first entry of the franchise, Mighty Morphin Power Rangers, as well as the leader of the first team of Power Rangers. He later becomes the Gold Ranger in Power Rangers Zeo.
According to a contest held by ABC Family in 2004, Jason was voted as the #1 Ranger of all time. Out of all Rangers, he has defeated more enemies by himself than any other Ranger and is the only one to beat Tommy Oliver in a fight. A subsequent contest on Toon Disney in 2007 also voted him as the most popular Power Ranger. As stated at the first Power Morphicon, Jason still holds this title.
Following the failure of destroying the Green Candle, Tommy entrusts Jason with his Power Coin to prevent it from falling into Rita's hands again, allowing him access to the Green Ranger's powers (including the Dragon Shield and the Dragon Dagger, which also allows him to call the Dragonzord to aid the Rangers, even while Jason controls the Megazord, making him twice as powerful).
One of Jason's most cunning moments is the gambit he plays against Goldar, who kidnaps the parents of Angel Grove High's students, then ransoms them for the Ranger's five Power Coins. Jason would later reveal that though he gave up his Tyrannosaurus Power Coin to Goldar, he kept the Dragon Power Coin. With it, Tommy eventually regains his Green Ranger powers, retrieves the other Ranger's Power Coins and helps the team save their captive parents.
Some time later, Jason, Trini and Zack are chosen to act as ambassadors at a Peace Conference in Switzerland (after the actors playing the characters left the show over contract disputes, the characters simply being shown in their Ranger uniforms, using old footage, or with doubles who were never directly facing the cameras, until the transfer could be incorporated into the plot of the show), and are forced to leave the team. Zordon chooses Rocky DeSantos to replace Jason as the Red Ranger.
Jason returns the Gold Ranger powers to Trey in the final episode of Zeo when he finds out that he cannot handle it much longer, as they are draining away - along with his life force - due to the Gold Ranger powers not being intended for human physiology. However, there are no apparent long-term effects, and Jason appears perfectly healthy after he transfers it back to Trey. Retired from superheroics once more, Jason then happily focuses on his relationship with Emily.
Jason and the other Mighty Morphin Power Rangers return as part of the army of Legendary Rangers led by Tommy that helped the Mega Rangers defeat the Armada once and for all, fighting in a huge battle against hundreds of XBorgs and dozens of Bruisers. However, Austin St. John did not return and Jason only appears morphed, as do the other Mighty Morphin rangers besides Tommy.
Jason returns in Season 2 of Power Rangers Beast Morphers, in the special episode "Grid Connection".
Jason also appears in the Mighty Morphin Power Rangers comic from Boom Studios. This version of Jason is shown to have romantic interest in Trini Kwan (Yellow Ranger) and briefly Lauren Shiba (second Red Samurai Ranger).
David Rupel is an American television soap opera script writer. Rupel is a graduate of Indiana University, with a BA in communications, where he graduated magna cum laude.
Producer on Meet My Folks, American Princess, The Real Housewives of Orange County, The Real World, Big Brother 2 and Temptation Island.
From 1989, Dreyer worked at the University of Mainz as a research assistant to Professor Hans-Joachim Pflug.  In 1991 she received her appointment as a probationary judge, and later as a prosecutor in Bad Kreuznach.
Having served as State Minister of Social Affairs, Labor, Health and Demography since 2002, Dreyer was the designated successor of incumbent Minister-president Kurt Beck, who announced his upcoming resignation from the post on 28 September 2012. She was officially elected on 16 January 2013.
As one of Rhineland-Palatinate's representatives at the Bundesrat, Dreyer serves on the Committee on Foreign Affairs and on the Committee on European Union Affairs.
In the negotiations to form a Grand Coalition of Chancellor Angela Merkel's Christian Democrats (CDU together with the Bavarian CSU) and the SPD following the 2013 federal elections, Dreyer was part of the SPD delegation in the working group on cultural and media affairs, led by Michael Kretschmer and Klaus Wowereit.
Following the 2017 national elections, Dreyer warned against another grand coalition and favored a minority government.
She was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis in 1994. This inhibits her physical movement. She made her illness public in 2006, and when traveling she now always takes her "Rolli" (wheelchair) along, for covering longer distances.
This article about a property in Dubuque County, Iowa on the National Register of Historic Places is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about a building or structure in Iowa is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Moon Lake is a 2009 Bulgarian-German-French art film written and directed by Ivan Stanev. The film was produced by independent Bulgarian producer Donka Angelova and co-produced by Stanev Films (Berlin) and Patrick Sandrin (Sofilm). It was presented at Sofia Film Fest 2010 and Cyprus International Film Festival 2012. The final version of the film is presented by advanced coproducers Kathrin Brunner and Oliver Czeslik (mYndstorm productions), Berlin.
Moon Lake has a nonlinear narrative structure and uses a leitmotiv technique with recurring themes and day dreams. It focuses not on suspense but on distorted contemplation. The film follows the parallel stories of two couples that represent the doomed lovers Orpheus and Eurydice of Greek mythology.
Moon Lake does not have a well-defined storyline, logically coherent cues or a straightforward message. The movie draws inspiration from the Greek Myth of Orpheus and Eurydice. In the myth Orpheus travels to the Underworld to save his wife but in the end she is trapped forever.
The movie follows two young lovers in an otherworldly marsh by an abandoned crude-oil carrier named "Moon Lake". They play a game about the Thracian singer Orpheus, who ascends from the Underworld, followed by his beloved mistress, Eurydice.
In an elite cave school in the rocky Black Sea coast, a cliff dwelling community is taught survival in a barren moonscape in the wake of the catastrophe.
The story was inspired by a real ship called "Moon Lake", which crashed off the shore of the Black Sea. The director Ivan Stanev spent a summer with the person who had been sent to dismantle the ship, filming daily. Some of the footage was later used in the film.
This ship became the inspiration for a group of loosely related works, which also included a poem called Moon Lake written in German and a theatre performance in Norway in 2004.
Moon Lake was also inspired by the unique location where the movie was shot, the steep cliffs and caves in the Yalaita National Archaeological Reserve, south of Kamen Bryag, on the Black Sea.
It only features non-professional actors, the majority of whom were studying art and languages, and the others were musicians, painters or anarchists. The cast also included a group of professional teachers, specialists in subjects ranging from Ancient Greek to astrophysics.
The languages spoken in Moon Lake include English, French, Russian, German, Spanish, Bulgarian, Ancient Greek, and Esperanto.
The film was produced independently from national film centers. It was funded by producer Donka Angelova.
The postproduction was carried out by "The Post Republic" and done at Babelsberg Film Studio in Berlin using a complex color grading.
Moon Lake was released in select theaters and on the Vimeo on Demand streaming service on January 28, 2021
Sepia pardex is a species of cuttlefish native to the western Pacific Ocean, specifically off Japan, along the Pacific coast from the Chiba Peninsula, and along the Japan Sea coast from Toyama Bay to South Korea. It is also present off Taiwan and in the East China Sea. The depth range of this species is unknown.
The type specimen was collected off Kajiyama, Chiba Prefecture, Japan. It is deposited at the University Museum of the University of Tokyo.
The Scarred People is the tenth studio album by Swedish gothic metal band Tiamat. The album was released on November 2, 2012 through Napalm Records in digital download, CD and limited edition vinyl formats.
All tracks written and composed by Tiamat except Born to Die by Elizabeth Woolridge Grant and Justin Parker, and Paradise by Bruce Springsteen.
The Texas Statutes or Texas Codes are the collection of the Texas Legislature's statutes: the Revised Civil Statutes, Penal Code, and the Code of Criminal Procedure.
This article relating to law in the United States or its constituent jurisdictions is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Alonso Ignacio Medel Araya (born 19 December 2001) is a Chilean badminton player. In 2016, he won the Chile International tournament in men's doubles event partnered with Diego Castillo and the runner-up in mixed doubles event partnered with Mickaela Skaric. He represented his country competed at the 2018 Summer Youth Olympics in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
This biographical article related to Chilean sport is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This biographical article relating to the sport of badminton is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Meerakutty was born at Thankalam in Kothamangalam Municipality in Kerala state, India on 28 February 1930 to Marottickal Pareeth Mammy and Kayyamma.
He did his school education from Mathirappilly Govt. Primary School, Thrikkariyoor NSS Middle School, Muvattupuzha NSS Malyalam High School and Kothamangalam Mar Basil English High School. He earned Bachelor of Arts (BA) in Malayalam Literature, Master of Arts (MA) Malayalam Literature, Malayalam Sahithya Visarad and Hindi Rashtrabhasha Visarad degrees through self study. He did his 'Bachelor in Education (BEd) study in Thalassery Govt. Training College.
Meerakutty's literary works falls under the categories of Literary Criticism, History of Literature, Grammar, History, biography, Children's Literature and Translation. His views on Sabarimala Ayyappan and Onam are controversial.
He married K.Suleikha Beevi in the year 1960. He has four children, Dr. Shiney Ali, Dr. Rejula Rabi, M.Shairaj IRS and Dr. Lajni Shafeeq.[citation needed]
In 2010, dementia and memory loss symptoms developed and he was identified as having Alzheimer's disease (AD) which ultimately led to his death during the early hours of 24 August 2017
The Malayalam monthly Bhoomikkaran instituted an award in the memory of Meerakutty. The first award was presented to Sri.K.Sukumaran for his Malayalam novel Mahanadikkarayil in 2018 February. The award for 2019 was presented to Sri. Ramachandran Karavaram for his novel Aparaswathwam Nirakaram.
The Prof. P. Meerakutty Foundation, Thrikkakkara, Kochi has instituted an yearly award worth Rs 25,000. The first award was presented to Sri. Iyyamkodu Sreedharan, a writer and former Secretary of Kerala Kalamandalam for his biographical book Swapnadanam dedicated to poet P. Kunhiraman Nair.[citation needed]
Note: Rensselaer's athletic teams were unofficially known as 'Cherry and White' until 1921 when the Engineers moniker debuted for the men's basketball team.
The Tullymore Classic was a tournament on the Symetra Tour, the LPGA's developmental tour. It was part of the Symetra Tour's schedule between 2015 and 2017. It was held at Tullymore Golf Resort in Stanwood, Michigan.
After Memnon's death, Zeus was moved by Eos' tears and granted him immortality. Memnon's death is related at length in the lost epic Aethiopis, composed after The Iliad circa the 7th centuryBC. Quintus of Smyrna records Memnon's death in Posthomerica. His death is also described in Philostratus' Imagines.
Dictys Cretensis, author of a pseudo-chronicle of the Trojan War, writes that "Memnon, the son of Tithonus and Aurora, arrived with a large army of Indians and Ethiopians, a truly remarkable army which consisted of thousands and thousands of men with various kinds of arms, and surpassed the hopes and prayers even of Priam."
When Memnon reaches the Greek ships, Nestor begs Achilles to fight him and avenge Antilochos, leading to the two men clashing while both wearing divine armour made by Hephaestus, making another parallel between the two warriors. Zeus favours both of them and makes each man tireless and huge so that the whole battlefield can watch them clash as demigods. Eventually, Achilles stabs Memnon through the heart, causing his entire army to flee in terror.
In honour of Memnon, the gods collect all the drops of blood that fall from him and use them to form a huge river that on every anniversary of his death will bear the stench of human flesh. The Aethiopians that stayed close to Memnon in order to bury their leader are turned into birds (which we now call Memnonides) and they stay by his tomb so as to remove dust that gathers on it.
Roman writers and later classical Greek writers such as Diodorus Siculus believed Memnon hailed from "Aethiopia", a geographical area in Africa, usually south of Egypt. Because the original historical work by Arctinus of Miletus only survives in fragments, most of what is known about Memnon comes from post-Homeric Greek and Roman writers. Homer only makes passing mention to Memnon in the Odyssey.
Herodotus called Susa "the city of Memnon," Herodotus describes two tall statues with Egyptian and Ethiopian dress that some, he says, identify as Memnon; he disagrees, having previously stated that he believes it to be Sesostris. One of the statues was on the road from Smyrna to Sardis. Herodotus described a carved figure matching this description near the old road from Smyrna to Sardis.
Pausanias describes how he marveled at a colossal statue in Egypt, having been told that Memnon began his travels in Africa:
According to Manetho Memnon and the 8th Pharaoh of the 18th dynasty Amenophis was one and the same king.
According to ancient Greek poets, Memnon's father Tithonus was snatched away from Troy by the goddess of dawn Eos and was taken to the ends of the earth on the coast of Oceanus.
There are statues of Amenhotep III in the Theban Necropolis in Egypt that were known to the Romans as the Colossi of Memnon. According to Pliny the Elder and others, one statue made a sound at morning time.
Dense populations of Pleuromeia hardly allowing for other species, are recorded around the world from habitats ranging from semi-arid to tidal.
Balswarup Chaubey was an Indian nephrologist and medical academic. A Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians of London, Chaubey was the retired dean of Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) Nagpur and had served as the secretary of the Maharashtra State Medical Teachers Association.
Chaubey was married to Pramila and the couple had a son, Sameer Chaubey, who is a practicing nephrologist, and two daughters, Sarika and Swatee. He died on 20 November 2011 succumbing to the complications developed from a chest infection.
In May 2008 Toporovsky was elected chairman of the National Union of Israeli Students. In the same year, he founded the Tzabar party, heading its list for the 2009 Knesset elections, However, it received only 0.14% of the vote and failed to pass the electoral threshold. The party did win seats on Tel Aviv city council. He remained chairman of the National Union of Israeli Students until 2010. In March 2011 he became chairman of the Issta travel agency, holding the role until February 2013.
He was placed fourteenth on the party's list for the 2015 elections, losing his seat as the party was reduced to 11 seats. Prior to the April 2019 elections Yesh Atid joined the Blue and White alliance, with Toporovsky placed thirtieth on its list. He re-entered the Knesset after the alliance won 35 seats. He was again placed thirtieth on the Blue and White list for the September 2019 elections, retaining his seat.
Toporovsky lives in Ness Ziona and is married to Shelly Herman, who participated in MasterChef Israel. The couple have three children.
Every year, a group of Tatar activists organizes Sabantuy festival in Montreal, which brings together Tatars and members of other Turkic diasporas from all over the country.
In mathematics, an almost periodic function is, loosely speaking, a function of a real number that is periodic to within any desired level of accuracy, given suitably long, well-distributed "almost-periods". The concept was first studied by Harald Bohr and later generalized by Vyacheslav Stepanov, Hermann Weyl and Abram Samoilovitch Besicovitch, amongst others. There is also a notion of almost periodic functions on locally compact abelian groups, first studied by John von Neumann.
With this initial motivation to consider types of trigonometric polynomial with independent frequencies, mathematical analysis was applied to discuss the closure of this set of basic functions, in various norms.
The theory was developed using other norms by Besicovitch, Stepanov, Weyl, von Neumann, Turing, Bochner and others in the 1920s and 1930s.
Bohr (1925) defined the uniformly almost-periodic functions as the closure of the trigonometric polynomials with respect to the uniform norm
An alternative definition due to Bochner (1926) is equivalent to that of Bohr and is relatively simple to state:
The Bohr almost periodic functions are essentially the same as continuous functions on the Bohr compactification of the reals.
The space Bp of Besicovitch almost periodic functions was introduced by Besicovitch (1926). It is the closure of the trigonometric polynomials under the seminorm
where      f  0   =   1 P     {\displaystyle f_{0}={\frac {1}{P}}}   is the fundamental frequency and the Fourier coefficients are
where      f  0   ( t ) =   1  P ( t )      {\displaystyle f_{0}(t)={\frac {1}{P(t)}}}   is the possibly time-varying fundamental frequency and the  time-varying Fourier coefficients are
Paul Goodman Changed My Life is a 2011 documentary film directed by Jonathan Lee and distributed by Zeitgeist Films.
Paul Goodman Changed My Life is the first documentary feature about Paul Goodman, social activist, lay psychologist, public intellectual and author best known for Growing Up Absurd.  The film tells Goodman's story primarily through interviews with his contemporaries, with extensive use of archival footage and personal photographs, as well as readings of his poetry and journals.
This article about a biographical documentary film is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Born in Orange, Ray McNamee went to school at Waverley College in Sydney, and played cricket for Randwick in the Sydney grade competition.
A medium-pace bowler, McNamee was a member of the New South Wales practice squad in 1925-26, and made his first-class debut for New South Wales in the 1926-27 Sheffield Shield, when he was 31. His first match was also Queensland's first Shield match. He opened the bowling throughout the season, finishing as the team's leading bowler, with 27 wickets at an average of 29.81, and conceding just over two runs per eight-ball over.
In the fourth match in 1926-27 he took no wicket for 124 as Victoria made the world record score of 1107. In the final match of the competition in Sydney he took 7 for 21 to dismiss Victoria for 35. On a damp pitch, "He kept a splendid length, turning the ball sharply from the off, and at times making it get up very awkwardly ... at one stage he took five wickets without a run being scored off him." At the end of the season he played for The Rest against an Australian XI, taking five wickets.
Hato-Udo Administrative Post (Hatu Udo, Hotudo) is an administrative post in Ainaro District, East Timor.
Maison Alcan (English: Alcan House) is a building complex located on Sherbrooke Street in the Golden Square Mile district of Montreal. The complex was used to house the world headquarters for Alcan, now part of Rio Tinto Alcan, until 2015. Completed in 1983, the complex's integration of new construction with restored or renovated buildings marked a turning point in corporate Montreal's approach to development.
Maison Alcan was designed by the Montreal-based architectural firm of Arcop (Architects in co-partnership), with Ray Affleck as lead architect. Peter Rose collaborated with Peter Lanken on the interior planning and design.
In 2015, Alcan moved its HQ from the building and relocated to the Deloitte Tower, which is located between Windsor Station and the Bell Centre.
Maison Alcan was classified as a heritage immovable by the Ministry of Culture and Communications the 23 February 2017.
Elections for Greenwich Council in London were held on 6 May 2010.  The 2010 United Kingdom General Election and other local elections took place on the same day.
In London council elections the entire council is elected every four years, as opposed to some local elections where one councillor is elected every year in three of the four years.
Inape pompata is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is endemic to Ecuador (Loja Province).
The rapper Shahin Najafi, whose music has been banned in Iran, has used some of Ekhtesari's poems in his songs.
In 2013, Ekhtesari was among the invited poets who appeared at the Gothenburg poetry festival. After her visit in Sweden she was arrested when she was about to travel to Turkey together with poet Mehdi Moosavi and imprisoned at the Evin prison in Tehran. Her Facebook account was hacked and her blog was closed.
In January 2016, Ekhtesari told the Associated Press that she and Moosavi had fled Iran. For safety reasons, she declined to provide any more details.
The yellow-breasted boubou (Laniarius atroflavus) is a species of bird in the family Malaconotidae. It is found in the Cameroonian Highlands forests.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, subtropical or tropical moist shrubland, and subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland. The species is monotypic and sedentary.
November marks the start of the breeding season, which is typically ends in late March. Two eggs are present in the clutch.
Wyden castle (German: Schloss Wyden) is a castle in the municipality of Ossingen of the Canton of Zurich in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of regional significance.
The castle complex served as a control for the Thur river valley. It has been rebuilt several times. The oldest part, the fortified tower dates from the 13th century. In his later years, the painter Felix Meyer (1653-1713) lived here. In 1903, the castle became the home of Max Huber. Today, his descendants occupy the castle. It is a private residence.
Before entering electoral politics, Jayapal was a Seattle-based civil rights activist, serving until 2012 as the executive director of OneAmerica, a pro-immigrant advocacy group. She founded the organization, originally called Hate Free Zone, after the September 11 attacks. Jayapal co-chaired the Congressional Progressive Caucus from 2019 to 2021, henceforth serving as chair. She serves on both the Judiciary Committee and Budget Committee.
Jayapal was born in Chennai, India, to Maya Jayapal, a writer, and MP Jayapal, a marketing professional. She spent most of her childhood in Indonesia and Singapore. She immigrated to the U.S. in 1982, at age 16, to attend college. She earned a Bachelor of Arts from Georgetown University and a Master of Business Administration from Northwestern University.
Jayapal worked for PaineWebber as a financial analyst after graduating from college. At PaineWebber, she began to work on development projects from Chicago to Thailand. Later, she briefly worked in sales and marketing for a medical company before moving into the public sector in 1991.
Jayapal served on the Mayoral Advisory Committee that negotiated Seattle's $15 minimum wage and co-chaired the mayor's police chief search committee, which resulted in the unanimous selection of the city's first female police chief.
After State Senator Adam Kline announced his retirement in early 2014, Jayapal entered the race to succeed him. She was endorsed by Seattle Mayor Ed Murray and won more than 51% of the vote in the August 5 primary, out of a field of six candidates. She defeated fellow Democrat Louis Watanabe in November.
In the Washington State Senate, Jayapal was the primary sponsor of SB 5863, which directs the Washington State Department of Transportation to administer a pre-apprenticeship program targeting women and people of color; the bill passed into law in July 2015. She co-sponsored a bill to test and track thousands of police department rape kits.
Jayapal endorsed Senator Bernie Sanders for President of the United States in the 2016 Democratic primaries.
In the final weeks of the race, Jayapal and her supporters contested claims from Walkinshaw that she had not advanced enough legislation. Jayapal won the general election with 56% of the vote.
On January 6, 2017, Jayapal objected to Georgia's 16 electoral votes, which Donald Trump had won by over 200,000 votes. Because no senator joined her objection, the objection was dismissed.
During Trump's inauguration, Jayapal met with constituents in her congressional district instead of attending the ceremony. The Nation called her "a leader of the resistance," quoting Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi calling Jayapal "a rising star in the Democratic caucus." In September, Representative Don Young apologized to her after calling her "young lady" in an exchange that went viral. Jayapal has described facing sexism from colleagues in Congress.
Jayapal is a co-sponsor of legislation intended to make public colleges and universities tuition-free for most families and to significantly reduce student debt.
On April 25, 2018, 57 members of the House of Representatives, including Jayapal, released a condemnation of Holocaust distortion in Ukraine and Poland. They criticized Poland's new Holocaust law, which would criminalize accusing Poles (as a nation[nb 1]) of complicity in the Holocaust, and Ukraine's 2015 memory laws glorifying the Ukrainian Insurgent Army (UPA) and its pro-Nazi leaders, such as Roman Shukhevych.
In February 2019, Jayapal sponsored and introduced the Medicare for All Act of 2019 with more than 100 co-sponsors. The bill would create a publicly financed comprehensive, universal and guaranteed health care insurance system for every U.S. resident. It represented the continuation of progressives' long-term campaign in Congress to introduce a system of guaranteed health care. In 2021, Jayapal introduced similar legislation for the 117th Congress.
In December 2019, Jayapal introduced a bill to urge India to lift curbs on communications in Kashmir. These curbs were introduced as part of revocation of the special status of Jammu and Kashmir in August 2019. Later that month, the Foreign Minister of India canceled a meeting with U.S. lawmakers, citing Jayapal's inclusion on the invitee list. The bill has seen no movement since its introduction in Congress.
On January 20, 2020, Jayapal endorsed Senator Bernie Sanders in the 2020 Democratic presidential primaries.
Jayapal supports decreasing U.S. military spending. She, Barbara Lee and Mark Pocan attempted to reduce the size of the $740 billion National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021, but their motion was rejected 93-324.
In September 2021, BuzzFeed reported that 14 former staffers had described Jayapal's congressional office as a volatile and dysfunctional workplace. Jayapal's office responded with a statement calling the allegations "sexist", "ugly stereotypes", and lacking context.
Jayapal initially lost her Green Card when she gave birth prematurely in India during a visit with her husband, unable to return in time to maintain Permanent Resident status. She later became a U.S. citizen in 2000. She is the author of Pilgrimage: One Woman's Return to a Changing India, published in March 2000.
Jayapal lives in Seattle with her husband, Steven R. Williamson. Janak, Jayapal's child from a previous marriage, is gender non-binary. She also has a stepson, Michael. In 2019, Jayapal publicly wrote that she had chosen to abort a pregnancy because the pregnancy would risk her and the unborn child's health.
Jayapal tested positive for COVID-19 on January 11, 2021. In a statement released after her diagnosis, she criticized her Republican colleagues for refusing to wear masks when members of Congress were placed on lockdown during the 2021 United States Capitol attack.
Boss Tenors (subtitled Straight Ahead from Chicago August 1961) is an album by saxophonists Gene Ammons and Sonny Stitt recorded in Chicago in 1961 and originally released on the Verve label.
The Allmusic review stated "Tenor saxophonists Gene Ammons and Sonny Stitt co-led a small group in 1950, and this follow-up, taped in the studio in 1961, finds the two picking up where they left off".
Parkview Hockey Club is a hockey club affiliated to the Ulster Branch of the Irish Hockey Association. It was founded as Fisherwick Hockey Club in 1898, changing its name to Parkview in 1924. It is based in the Co Antrim village of Doagh, near Ballyclare. The club's founding members were workers from the local spinning mills and from agriculture. The club currently plays in Section 2 of the Ulster Senior League. It currently fields two teams every Saturday.
In 1970 a clubhouse built by the members was opened, and in 1974 it was renovated to include a bar. The senior team has to play its home matches on the artificial turf at the Valley Leisure Centre. Plans are advancing for the laying of an artificial pitch at Doagh.
In 1948-49 Parkview won a test match against Antrim in the Ulster Senior League. In 1950, 1955 and 1956, Parkview lost three test matches to decide the destination of the Keightley Cup. The Kirk Cup was shared in 1955-56 and the Anderson Cup was won in 1958-59.
The 1960s saw Parkview bounce between the Senior League and the Qualifying League. However further success was achieved in knock-out competitions with another Kirk Cup win in 1966-67.
Maqluba can include a variety of vegetables, such as fried tomatoes, potatoes, cauliflower, and eggplant, accompanied by either chicken or lamb. The most common are cauliflower and eggplant. All the ingredients are carefully placed in the pot in layers, so that when the  pot is inverted for serving, the dish looks like a layer cake.
Maqluba is typically garnished with pine nuts and chopped fresh parsley. It sometimes served with salad and fresh yogurt, and is often prepared for feasts and large gatherings.
After conflict with the board over transfer policy and other issues, Monk was sacked on 18 June 2019. His assistant, Pep Clotet, was named caretaker head coach.
The EFL hearing, originally scheduled for February 2019, was postponed to mid-March after a panel member recused themselves, "with the intention of the Disciplinary Commission delivering the outcome quickly so the matter can be fully resolved before the end of this season." The panel finally sat on 18 March, and ruled that nine points be deducted in the current season; neither party took up their right to appeal.
Their first win finally arrived on 22 September, away to Leeds United, unbeaten and top of the table, courtesy of Adams' sharpness and what Leeds' manager Marcelo Bielsa claimed as a "tactical error" on his part. After conceding what Monk described as two poor goals stemming from two mistakes, Jutkiewicz scored twice in the second half to secure a draw at home to Ipswich Town and finish September in 16th place.
They went through the remaining seven fixtures unbeaten. Adams' 22nd and last goal of the season completed a double over Leeds United, the return to goalscoring form of Jutkiewicz and Morrison earned points against Sheffield United, Ipswich Town and Derby County, and a comfortable win against Rotherham United confirmed their Championship status for next season with two matches still to play. They finished 17th, twelve points above the relegation places.
In the first round of the EFL Cup, Birmingham were drawn away to another Championship team, Reading. With a televised Championship fixture three days later, Monk made eleven changes from the team that started the previous Saturday, with debuts for Lee Camp, Dan Scarr and Gary Gardner and first starts for Connor Mahoney, Beryly Lubala and Omar Bogle. Reading fielded a full-strength side and were rarely tested.
Martin Hill started collecting over fifty years ago. After he got out of the army, he and his wife, Patsy, moved into her mother's house, which was 900 square feet. He began dealing in army surplus. One day, he used all of their savings and bought a literal ton of gun parts for $200. He cataloged and sorted all the pieces, over 36,000, and sold them to dealers. He turned a $200 investment in a $4000 one.
Hill and his childhood friend, Harry Joyner, a cinematographer in Charlotte, NC, made amateur 8mm films when they were young. In 1971, they shot a 35mm film called "Body Shop." Hill believes it was the first 35mm film shot and produced in Charlotte. The film may still be found in obscure video stores by the name of "Dr. Gore."
Hill's camera collection includes a VistaVision camera from "The Ten Commandments," among others, most of which have "scrap" stamped on their side. Hill and his family are working with museums and studios to try and raise awareness about preserving the historical artifacts of Hollywood.
Hill calls the cameras "monuments to my folly," his folly being his love of movies and movie making. Over the years, he has collected hundreds of cameras, but sells very few. He says on his death bed, he'll still be buying junk, knowing he won't sell it all.
GreyHawk Films, a Charlotte, North Carolina film production company, is currently completing a documentary on Martin Hill. Joanne Hock and John Disher, who work for GreyHawk Films, discovered Hill's story on a prop scout and thought it would make a great documentary.
The documentary has had a few rough cut test screenings, but has not been released yet due to copyright issues.
On July 3, 2012, Hill suffered from a stroke that paralyzed half of his body. As of 2012, the 76-year-old is currently living in a Harrisburg rehab center.
Martin Hill passed away peacefully on March 24, 2017 at Clear Creek Nursing Home and Rehab.  At the time of his death, he is survived by his wife of 56 years, Patsy Hill.
Similar to Ming and Song typefaces, sans-serif typefaces were designed for printing, but they were also designed for legibility. They are commonly used in headlines, signs, and video applications.
Sans serif typefaces, especially for default system fonts, are common in Japanese computing.  Also, many Korean computing environments use Gulim which includes soft curves but is a sans-serif typeface.
In Chinese versions of Microsoft Windows XP and older, the default interface typefaces are seriffed (MingLiU and SimSun), which deviates from the sans serif styling use in most other (including East Asian) regions of the product. Starting in Windows Vista, the default interface typefaces in all regions were changed to sans-serif styles, using Microsoft JhengHei in Traditional Chinese environments and Microsoft YaHei in Simplified Chinese environments.
Joique Dewayne Bell Jr. (born August 4, 1986) is a former American football running back. He played college football at Wayne State. Bell was signed by the Buffalo Bills as an undrafted free agent in 2010. He has also been a member of the Philadelphia Eagles, Indianapolis Colts, New Orleans Saints, Detroit Lions, and Chicago Bears.
As a senior at Wayne State, Bell was the winner of the Harlon Hill Trophy, awarded to the Division II player of the year, after he rushed for 2,084 yards and 29 touchdowns in the 2009 season.
After going undrafted in the 2010 NFL Draft, Bell signed with the Buffalo Bills on April 29, 2010. On September 4, 2010, he was released by the Bills during final team cuts. Bell was signed to the Bills' practice squad on the following day.
On September 21, 2010, the Philadelphia Eagles signed Bell off the Bills' practice squad. He was released by the Eagles on November 10, 2010.
Bell was claimed off waivers by the Indianapolis Colts on November 11, 2010. On December 15, 2010, Bell was released by the team.
One day after his release from the Colts, on December 16, 2010, Bell was signed to the Eagles' practice squad.
Bell was signed off the Eagles' practice squad by the New Orleans Saints on January 5, 2011 before the playoffs began. He was released by the team on September 20, 2011, and re-signed to the Saints' practice squad the following day.
On December 26, 2011, Bell was signed by the Detroit Lions. He played his first game with the Lions on September 9, 2012, and appeared in all 16 games of the 2012 season, compiling 414 rushing yards on 82 carries (5.0 average) with three rushing touchdowns. He also hauled in 52 receptions for 485 yards; 28 of his receptions were for first downs.
He was re-signed by the Lions in April 2013. He again played all 16 games for Detroit, finishing with 650 rushing yards and eight rushing touchdowns. Bell also caught 53 passes for 547 yards, as he and teammate Reggie Bush, who had 54 receptions for 506 yards, became the first running back duo in NFL history to both top 500 rushing yards and 500 receiving yards in a season.
On March 11, 2014, he signed a two-year, $7 million contract extension with $4.3 million in guaranteed money. Combined with the second round tender he signed worth $2.187 million, he was under contract for three years and $9.3 million overall.
On September 27, 2016, Bell was signed by the Chicago Bears. On October 24, he was released by the Bears.
The Detroit Lions re-signed Bell on December 6, 2016, after starting running back Ameer Abdullah suffered a fractured foot.
Bell was born in Benton Harbor, Michigan and majored in criminal justice at Wayne State. While a student at Wayne State, Bell worked as a security guard at the Detroit Lions' training camp.
Tang is from Selangor. He represented the Federation of Malaya at the 1959 and 1961 Southeast Asian Peninsular Games, winning bronze at the latter in the three positions event. He ranked first in the Malaysian domestic selection trials for shooting at the 1966 Asian Games, and was assigned to the prone rifle team along with Tan Seng Keat, Wong Foo Wah, and Chan Kooi Chye. He later represented Malaysia at the first Asian Shooting Championships in 1967.
This biographical article relating to sport shooting in Malaysia is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Yallourn, Victoria was a company town in Victoria, Australia built between the 1920s and 1950s to house employees of the State Electricity Commission of Victoria, who operated the nearby Yallourn Power Station complex. However, expansion of the adjacent open-cut brown coal mine led to the closure and removal of the town in the 1980s. Whilst the township no longer exists, at the 2006 census, the adjacent region classified as Yallourn had a population of 251.
The town was planned by A.R. La Gerche, the State Electricity Commission's Architect. (It was often mistakenly thought to have been designed by Walter Burley Griffin, who planned Canberra, Australia's capital city.)
The design of Yallourn incorporated lessons learnt from the early UK garden cities of Welwyn Garden City and Letchworth Garden City inspired by Ebenezer Howard. The design of Yallourn established a formal central square adjacent to the shopping area and a formal "Broadway" bounded by parks between the shopping area and railway station.  The whole town area was surrounded by a green belt varying between native vegetation, open parkland and sporting and recreational complexes.
The town boasted outstanding public facilities many years in advance of similar rural or suburban communities of similar size, the majority funded by the S.E.C.V. A close community spirit developed within the town, in part through enthusiastic usage of the excellent facilities.
Yallourn Post Office opened on 8 October 1923 (being renamed from Western Camp which opened the previous year) and closed in 1980 when the town was removed. An earlier Yallourn Post Office opened in 1921 and was renamed Eastern Camp in 1923. Another Western Camp Post Office opened in 1924 and closed in 1968.
At its peak the town's population reached 5000. However, in 1968 the S.E.C. decided to demolish the town to make way for further mining. Despite an attempted green ban to save the town, by 1983 demolition was complete, the underlying brown coal reserves being used to feed the Yallourn W Power Station. Many of the people who were relocated from Yallourn built homes in Moe, Morwell, Newborough, Traralgon, Yallourn North and other surrounding towns in the Latrobe Valley.
Golfers play at the course of the Yallourn Golf Club on Golf Links Road in neighbouring Yallourn Heights.
In 1974 the SEC made a living history documentary about Yallourn, Born to Die. In June 2008, the ABC Radio program Hindsight presented a two-hour radio documentary about the history of Yallourn, The Model Town and the Machine: A History of Yallourn.
The Weddings, Parties, Anything song Industrial town is about Yallourn. The band's frontman Mick Thomas was born in Yallourn and lived there as a child, where his father worked for the SEC.
  The 1974 Havering Council election took place on 2 May 1974 to elect members of Havering London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the council went in no overall control.
Martin Haldbo Hansen (born 2 February 1969 in Frederikssund) is a Danish rower. Together with Lars Christensen he finished fourth in the double sculls at the 1996 Olympics.
This biographical article relating to Danish rowing is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
He was born in Wellington, Herefordshire, a twin, and the youngest of fourteen siblings. His parents were William Evesham of Burghope Hall and his wife, Jane Haworthe, daughter of Alexander Haworthe. The family moved to London in the early 1580s.
Evesham studied sculpture under Richard Stephens, a Dutchman who specialised in alabaster work in the 'Southwark' style, at his studio in that town. He also studied metal engraving, and one such inscription remains: a memorial to one Edmond West, dated 1618. This can be found in the parish church in Marsworth, Buckinghamshire. He is known as one of the first members of the gentry to train as a sculptor.
Between 1600 and 1615, Evesham was living and working in Paris, creating monuments for major figures, including one of the Archbishop of Sens, for the cathedral of Notre-Dame.
Ruslan Musayev (born 11 May 1979) is a retired Azerbaijani football player who played for the Azerbaijan national team.
This biographical article relating to Azerbaijani association football is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Martin, a native of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, got his start writing scenarios and titles for silent films, first at Mascot and then at Republic.
In the 1940s, he started working for Hal Roach, Monogram, Columbia, and Paramount. By the 1950s, he was working on various television shows, in addition to writing sci-fi films for Roger Corman. His final feature was 1958's In the Money, a Bowery Boys film.
He had a son, Harvey Martin, with his first wife, Mildred Seib. After Mildred's death, he married Helen Abrams, who he co-wrote Invisible Ghost with.
He once held a party for his dog at the Knickerbocker Hotel, and invited notable A-listers like Joan Crawford and their dogs.
The Flint Flashes was a weekly paper published by the Socialist Party in Flint, Michigan during the early 20th Century, possibly started around 1907.  G. W. Starkweather was its manager and G. N. Lawrence its editor. In 1911, the Flint Flashes had a circulation of over 3,000 copies. 
She graduated with Candace Parker of the Los Angeles Sparks and Alexis Hornbuckle of the Detroit Shock and Nicky Anosike of the Minnesota Lynx.
Bobbitt was the 15th pick in the 2008 WNBA draft on April 9, as the Sparks made her the first pick in the second round. Bobbitt joins teammate Candace Parker and former college teammate Sidney Spencer on the Los Angeles squad, which also features Olympian Lisa Leslie.
On July 22, 2008, Bobbitt and her teammates were involved in a skirmish with the Detroit Shock. The fight broke out at The Palace of Auburn Hills with 4.6 seconds left in the game, the game ended with the LA Sparks winning. The WNBA suspended a total of 10 players and Detroit assistant coach Rick Mahorn. Bobbitt received an in-game technical and was later suspended two games for leaving the bench.
The team captains for Penn State's 125th season of football were tackle Quinn Barham, wide receiver Derek Moye, safety Drew Astorino, and defensive tackle Devon Still.
Penn State began the season with an unsettled quarterback situation. Sophomore Rob Bolden and former walk-on junior Matt McGloin split starting duties in the 2010 season. Rob Bolden was named the starter for the season opener against Indiana State.
Penn State did not play Michigan, Michigan State, and Minnesota in the 2011 Big Ten football season. The schedule was as follows:
Seven players were invited to the 2012 NFL Scouting Combine, held February 22 to 28 at Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis, Indiana: Jack Crawford, D'Anton Lynn, Derek Moye, Chaz Powell, Devon Still, Nate Stupar, Johnnie Troutman.
Carolyn Mackenzie (born in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian television journalist for Global News. She is currently the co-host for Global's Morning talk show program The Morning Show. She graduated from Carleton University in 1998 with a Bachelor of Journalism.
MacKenzie began her career as host of Rogers TV's Toronto Living. She then moved to Sydney, Nova Scotia where she worked as a videographer, reporter, camera operator and editor for ATV/CTV News. She moved to Barrie, Ontario and worked as an anchor for a new television station, New VR. In 2005, MacKenzie moved back to Toronto where she joined Global Television Network. The following year, she won an Edward R. Murrow Award for excellence in journalism for her coverage of transit inaccessibility.
MacKenzie has covered Queen Elizabeth's Jubilee Visit, reported on Toronto terror suspects, and achieved the "Best Spot News Story" for reporting on a home attack in Vaughan, Ontario.[citation needed]
In 2013, MacKenzie switched from anchoring Global's weekend news, to anchoring its weekday 11:00 pm news.
MacKenzie and her firefighter husband Chris have two children. They live in Etobicoke, a suburb of Toronto. Mackenzie has Maltese and Scottish descent.
This biography of a member of an African royal house is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
After receiving her Bachelor of Commerce in Economics, Essers worked as a strategic consultant for the leading global professional services company Accenture as well as in private equity where she rose to prominence in the commercial and financial sector of South Africa.
In her early 30s, Essers worked as an independent curator and film producer. Her interest in documentary filmmaking came from its closeness to contemporary art. Her passion for contemporary art stemmed from its ability to effect social change. In an interview, Essers has credited her experiences as the inspiration for her desire "to work in the contemporary art world with artists who make work that can force shifts in thinking."
Essen took over Goodman Gallery in 2008. Since acquiring the gallery, Essers shifted from showing artists primarily from South Africa to working with artists from the rest of the continent, bringing in artists who actualize social change. Her ambition is to "embrace the shared histories and narratives of South Africa with other parts of the continent and the world."
Under her directorship, 26 new artists, both established and emerging, from various parts of the Africa and beyond have joined Goodman Gallery. These includes Ghada Amer, Candice Breitz, Kudzanai Chiurai, Mounir Fatmi, Alfredo Jaar, Liza Lou, Hank Willis Thomas, Adam Broomberg & Oliver Chanarin. The most recent additions to the gallery's stable are Shirin Neshat, Kiluanji Kia Henda and revolutionary South African performance collective The Brother Moves On.
Roaring Brook is a river in Delaware County, New York. It flows into Beaver Kill east of the hamlet of Peakville.
Oreopanax oroyanus is an evergreen shrub or tree in the family Araliaceae, native to pockets of montane forest on the western slopes of the Peruvian Andes. It occurs at elevations between 2800 and 3800 meters above sea level.
Vilainiai has been known since 1744. There was a manor and a watermill till the mid-20th century. It developed largely during the Soviet era as a settlement of Land Improvement Institute.
David Shifrin received early musical training at the Interlochen Center for the Arts in 1963. He attended the Music Academy of the West summer conservatory in 1968 and later graduated from the Curtis Institute of Music in Philadelphia in 1971, where he studied with Anthony Gigliotti.
In 1984, Shifrin commissioned the construction of a special elongated clarinet, the basset clarinet, to enable the playing of Mozart's Clarinet Concerto and Clarinet Quintet in their original form. Shifrin's 1985 recording of the Mozart Clarinet Concerto and Quintet with Gerard Schwarz and the Mostly Mozart Festival Orchestra was named "Record of the Year" by Stereo Review magazine.
Shifrin has served as Principal Clarinetist with the Cleveland Orchestra, American Symphony Orchestra (under the direction of Leopold Stokowski), Honolulu Symphony, Dallas Symphony Orchestra, Los Angeles Chamber Orchestra and the New York Chamber Symphony.
Shifrin joined the faculty of the Yale School of Music in 1987 and was appointed Artistic Director of the Chamber Music Society of Yale and Yale's annual concert series at Carnegie Hall in September 2008. He has also served on the faculties of The Juilliard School, University of Southern California, University of Michigan, Cleveland Institute of Music and the University of Hawaii. In 2007 he was awarded an honorary professorship at China's Central Conservatory of Music in Beijing.
David Shifrin has been instrumental in broadening the repertoire for clarinet and orchestra by commissioning and championing the works of 20th- and 21st-century American composers including John Adams, Joan Tower, Stephen Albert, Bruce Adolphe, Ezra Laderman, Lalo Schifrin, David Schiff, John Corigliano, Bright Sheng and Ellen Taaffe Zwilich. In 2020, he will premiere a new clarinet concerto that he commissioned from David Ludwig at Chamber Music Northwest in Portland.
Shifrin's recordings on the Delos, Deutsche Grammophon, Angel/EMI, Arabesque, BMG, Sony Classical Records and CRI labels have consistently garnered praise and awards. In addition to his "Record of the Year" accolade from Stereo Review for his 1985 Mozart album, Shifrin has received Grammy Award nominations for three different recordings:
Mobley was born near Hillsboro, Jones County, Georgia; attended the common schools; and graduated from Mercer University with a law degree in 1928. While at Mercer, he was a member of Sigma Pi Fraternity.
Following retirement from the Court, he resided in Atlanta, Georgia until his death on October 14, 1981.  He is interred in Forsyth, Georgia.
Kundt's tube is an experimental acoustical apparatus invented in 1866 by German physicist August Kundt for the measurement of the speed of sound in a gas or a solid rod. The experiment is still taught today due to its ability to demonstrate longitudinal waves in a gas (which can often be difficult to visualise).  It is used today only for demonstrating standing waves and acoustical forces.
The detailed motion of the powder is actually due to an effect called acoustic streaming caused by the interaction of the sound wave with the boundary layer of air at the surface of the tube.
Irene Linda Mugisa, is a female Ugandan politician, psychologist and a member of parliament for the Fort Potal City in the 11th Parliament of Uganda representing the National Resistance Movement (NRM) party.
She attained a Bachelor's of Social and Community Development degree from Mountain of the Moon University, a Diploma in Counselling Psychology from Uganda Martyrs University, and certificates in gender and development, policy making and implementation in Local Government, Finance Business and Customer Management.
She has a political experience of a period of 20 years as a councilor and secretary in Kabarole Local Government Council. She is also a community development scientist with advocacy and counselling skills and has worked with some non-governmental organisations.
In 1997 she served as the General Secretary of Kasusu cell in Central Division, Fort Portal City.   She was also Secretary for Gender at the South Division Fort Portal Municipality.
In 2001, she was elected the Kabarole District Youth Councilor and later she was appointed the Secretary for Finance and Planning for the district council at the age 24 years and became the youngest among other leaders.
The Best Years of Our Lives (aka Glory for Me and Home Again) is a 1946 American epic drama film directed by William Wyler, and starring Myrna Loy, Fredric March, Dana Andrews, Teresa Wright, Virginia Mayo and Harold Russell. The film is about three United States servicemen re-adjusting to civilian life after coming home from World War II.
In 1989, The Best Years of Our Lives was one of the first 25 films selected by the Library of Congress for preservation in the United States National Film Registry for being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".
Teresa Wright was only thirteen years younger than her on-screen mother, played by Myrna Loy. Michael Hall (1927-2020), with his role as Fredric March's on-screen son, is absent after the first one-third of the film.
Samuel Goldwyn was inspired to produce a film about veterans after reading an August 7, 1944, article in Time about the difficulties experienced by men returning to civilian life. Goldwyn hired former war correspondent MacKinlay Kantor to write a screenplay. His work was first published as a novella, Glory for Me, which Kantor wrote in blank verse. Robert E. Sherwood then adapted the novella as a screenplay.
Director Wyler had flown combat missions over Europe in filming Memphis Belle (1944), and worked hard to get accurate depictions of the combat veterans he had encountered. Wyler changed the original casting, which had featured a veteran suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder, and sought out Harold Russell, a non-actor, to take on the exacting role of Homer Parrish.
For The Best Years of Our Lives, he asked the principal actors to purchase their own clothes, in order to connect with daily life and produce an authentic feeling. Other Wyler touches included constructing life-size sets, which went against the standard larger sets that were more suited to camera positions. The impact for the audience was immediate, as each scene played out in a realistic, natural way.
Recounting the interrelated story of three veterans right after the end of World War II, The Best Years of Our Lives began filming just over seven months after the war's end, starting on April 15, 1946 at a variety of locations, including the Los Angeles County Arboretum and Botanic Garden, Ontario International Airport in Ontario, California, Raleigh Studios in Hollywood, and the Samuel Goldwyn/Warner Hollywood Studios.
In The Best Years of Our Lives cinematographer Gregg Toland used deep focus photography, in which objects both close to and distant from the camera are in sharp focus. For the passage of Fred Derry's reliving a combat mission while sitting in the remains of a former bomber, Wyler used "zoom" effects to simulate Derry's subjective state.
The fictional Boone City was patterned after Cincinnati, Ohio. The "Jackson High" football stadium seen early in aerial footage of the bomber flying over the Boone City, is Corcoran Stadium located at Xavier University in Cincinnati. A few seconds later Walnut Hills High School with its dome and football field can be seen along with the downtown Cincinnati skyline (Carew Tower and Fourth and Vine Tower) in the background.
After the war, the combat aircraft featured in the film were being destroyed and disassembled for reuse as scrap material. The scene of Derry's walking among aircraft ruins was filmed at the Ontario Army Air Field in Ontario, California. The former training facility had been converted into a scrap yard, housing nearly 2,000 former combat aircraft in various states of disassembly and reclamation.
Upon its release, The Best Years of Our Lives received extremely positive reviews from critics. Shortly after its premiere at the Astor Theater, New York, Bosley Crowther, film critic for The New York Times, hailed the film as a masterpiece. He wrote,
It is seldom that there comes a motion picture which can be wholly and enthusiastically endorsed not only as superlative entertainment, but as food for quiet and humanizing thought... In working out their solutions, Mr. Sherwood and Mr. Wyler have achieved some of the most beautiful and inspiring demonstrations of human fortitude that we have had in films." He also said the ensemble casting gave the "'best' performance in this best film this year from Hollywood".
Several decades later, film critic David Thomson offered tempered praise: "I would concede that Best Years is decent and humane... acutely observed, despite being so meticulous a package. It would have taken uncommon genius and daring at that time to sneak a view of an untidy or unresolved America past Goldwyn or the public."
The Best Years of Our Lives has a 98% "Fresh" rating at Rotten Tomatoes, based on 56 reviews. Chicago Sun Times film critic Roger Ebert put the film on his "Great Movies" list in 2007, calling it "... modern, lean, and honest".
Among films released before 1950, only Gone With the Wind, The Bells of St. Mary's, The Big Parade and four Disney titles have done more total business, in part due to later re-releases. (Reliable box office figures for certain early films such as The Birth of a Nation and Charlie Chaplin's comedies are unavailable.)
However, because of the distribution arrangement RKO had with Goldwyn, RKO recorded a loss of $660,000 on the film.
In 1989, the National Film Registry selected it for preservation in the United States Library of Congress as "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".
American Film Institute included the film as #37 in its 1998 AFI's 100 Years... 100 Movies, as #11 in its 2006 AFI's 100 Years... 100 Cheers, and as #37 in its 2007 AFI's 100 Years... 100 Movies (10th Anniversary Edition).
In 1947 and 1949, there were four separate half-hour adaptations from Hedda Hopper's This Is Hollywood, Screen Guild Theater (two) and Screen Directors Playhouse. In all four cases, various actors reprised their film roles.
Littoraria zebra is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae, the winkles or periwinkles.
A Dozen Summers is a 2015 family comedy film. It was written and directed by Kenton Hall and stars Scarlet Hall, Hero Hall, Colin Baker, Ewen MacIntosh, Sarah Warren and Kenton Hall. It received a limited UK cinema release on 21 August 2015.
Maisie and Daisy McCormack are two, ordinary twelve-year-old girls trying to make their way through the minefield of life in the 21st century. Which, as far as their concerned, is largely a case of trying to work out why grown-ups behave so oddly on such a regular basis.
When they interrupt a children's adventure story in progress, by scaring off the Narrator, they hijack the film and proceed to tell the story of their own lives, through the lens of the movies they've seem.
Jacqueline, their mother is a struggling model with an idiosyncratic parenting method. Henry, their father, a writer who has sacrificed more than they realise to give them a stable home life.
Maisie and Daisy lead us through their day-to-day life -battling bullies Jennifer, Audrey and Beth and the pull of first love -Matty Archer, the school heartthrob for Maisie and, unbeknownst to Daisy, her best friend Samuel for her.
They take us through bad dates with Jacqueline, home-life with Henry, school life (with added were-wolves and vampires), before finally being forced to take the first tentative steps into adulthood when Jacqueline finally settles down and they decide to set their father up with their teacher, Miss Walters.
And they need to do it all before the story they interrupted re-asserts itself. It's a race against time -and Maisie and Daisy are learning it's not necessarily a race they can win.
A Dozen Summers premiered in the US on 19 May 2015 at Phoenix Comicon. In the US, it was also an official selection of Mill Valley Film Festival as part of its Children's Film Fest and Mind the Gap strands. In its native UK, it received a limited theatrical release in the UK from 21 August 2015 via Ballpark Film Distributors.
"A Dozen Summers" was nominated for or won several awards during its festival run, including nominations for "Best Feature Film for Children" at Fan Chile  and Int. Children's TV Festival Dytiatko in the Ukraine, and wins for Best Screenplay (Kenton Hall) and Best Actress (joint - Scarlet Hall and Hero Hall) at Festival de Cine Fantastico de Torremolinos in Spain.
Hayden was born in Harrow, Middlesex, the younger sister of Linda Hayden, although their name at birth was Higginson. Their screen surname is an adaptation of their father's first name; he was Haydn Henley Higginson.  Both sisters trained at the Aida Foster Theatre School, and Jane Hayden's first screen role came in 1970, when she played a child in a BBC television film about Lenin, Out of This Spark: The Making of a Revolutionary.
WR 114 is a Wolf-Rayet star in the constellation of Scutum.  It is an early type star of the carbon sequence (WCE) classified as WC5.
WR 114 is listed in the Catalogue of galactic Wolf Rayet stars as a possible binary system with an OB companion, but more recent studies have not confirmed this and it is now considered a single WC5 star.  No x-rays have been detected from WR 114, which would be expected by a close hot companion.
Kichikir is located 20 km southwest of Yanaul (the district's administrative centre) by road. Vedresevo is the nearest rural locality.
Elijah was the Founder of Hazard, Perry County, Kentucky on November 2, 1820 which he named after General Oliver Hazard Perry, a hero of the War of 1812. Perry County was formed by the Kentucky General Assembly from portions of Clay and Floyd Counties in Kentucky. 
In addition to founding Hazard, Elijah was a Whig politician. In 1832 he was listed as the Jailer for Perry County. In 1833 he was listed as its Magistrate. In 1836 and 1837 he was listed as the Sheriff. In 1840 he served in the Kentucky State House.
Elijah went by the title 'General' and was known to dress up as a 'general' in his regimental uniform as the 'General of the local militia' for Hazard and Perry County. Although no evidence of an actual command as a General has been found, he is listed as making a materials request after the War of 1812 (for the State of Kentucky).
During the 1840 Presidential Election, Elijah was running for a seat in the Kentucky House of Representatives which he won. He gave speeches on behalf of the Whig candidate for President, William Henry Harrison.
Elijah married Sarah 'Sally' Roark, the daughter of patriot US Revolutionary militia war spy, Michael Roark.
Jake Dillon (born 13 January 1993) is an Irish hurler who plays as a right wing-forward for the Waterford senior team.
Born in Waterford, Dillon first played competitive hurling whilst at school in De La Salle College. He arrived on the inter-county scene at the age of seventeen when he first linked up with the Waterford minor team, before later lining out with the under-21 side. He made his senior debut in the 2013 National Hurling League. Dillon has since gone on to play a key role in the forwards for Waterford, however, he has yet to claim any silverware.
At club level Dillon is a one-time Munster medallist with De La Salle. He has also won two championship medals.
Merkers Adventure Mines are a visitor attraction in Krayenberggemeinde in the Wartburgkreis district of Thuringia, Germany, owned and operated by K+S AG of Kassel. They lie near the village of Merkers. The mines have a long history of salt extraction, and hold the record for concealing large amounts of Nazi gold during World War II. A hundred tons of gold and many works of art presumed to be stolen were discovered by the liberating United States Army in 1945.
Documents stolen (fictionally) from the Nazi hoard in the mine form the basis for the plot of the Len Deighton novel XPD.
This article about a Thuringia building or structure is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Evelyn Roth (born December 27, 1936) is an interdisciplinary artist who has worked in the areas of textiles, sculpture, performance, dance and interactive fabric arts. She specializes in environmentally sensitive events, festivals, school programs and art gallery exhibits. Roth is based in the town of Maslin Beach, on South Australia's Fleurieu Peninsula.
From 1973 through the 1980s Roth explored the intersections of sculpture, dance and the environment and formed the Evelyn Roth Moving Sculpture Company. A film Woven in Time was created in 1977 that features Roth's textile work and shows the company in various outdoor settings. Her work became a catalyst for many creators with a wide variety of interests in different countries.
Roth has lived and worked in Australia since 1996. She has an annual residency with the Storybook Theatre Company in Hawaii.
Roth has been featured in many solo exhibitions over the years and participated in various festivals and group exhibitions.
In 1973, she was awarded Artist of the Year by the Vancouver Sun. In 1999 and 2006, Roth won the World of Wearable Art international design competition in New Zealand.
Centre for Voting Opinion & Trends in Election Research, or CVoter, is an Indian international polling agency headquartered in Delhi, India.
May 2016 saw elections in Bengal, Assam, Tamil Nadu and Kerala. CVoter was the only one of five polling agencies to predict the Tamil Nadu outcome correctly.
ABP-C-Voter Opinion Poll 2021 Kerala: analysis of Kerala election, does pinarayi vijayan came back or Congress alliance came, what's the situation of Kerala bjp 
Bihar Opinion Poll 2020: CVoter survey says Nitish Kumar may return; Chirag Paswan unlikely to be a factor 
Bihar Assembly polls: Most exit polls miss the mark The ABP-CVoter exit poll prediction was the closest among all 
Bihar election: Star pollsters fumble as NDA punches way above expectation CVoter, which partnered with Times Now and ABP News, hit the bullseye in its vote share projection 
The UPI/CVoter poll is only one of two mainstream polls that often predicted a Trump victory or shown a nearly tied election in 2016 US Presidential Elections.
The Vedette was manufactured in Poissy until 1961 and the Ariane until 1963. After that, production continued in Brazil, where the Vedette finally evolved into the Simca Esplanada, following Simca's takeover by Chrysler.
French production of the V8-engined cars ended in the summer of 1961, by when 173,288 had been produced, although a Simca Chambord was exhibited at the Paris Motor Show in October of that year, suggesting that Simca still had some stock of the cars to clear.   The small-engined 4-cylinder Ariane, of which 166,363 were produced, survived until 1963.
Following an announcement in July 1959 that it would assemble and market Simca models in Australia, Chrysler Australia produced the Vedette Beaulieu through to 1962, using both fully imported and locally sourced components.
Wald has a population (as of 2020[update]) of 882.  In 2008 about 10.1% were foreign nationals.  Over the last 10 years the population has decreased at a rate of -6.3%.  Most of the population (as of 2000[update]) speaks German (93.6%), with Serbo-Croatian being second most common (2.3%) and French being third (0.8%).
In Wald about 77.5% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a Fachhochschule).
Wald has an unemployment rate of 0.58%.  As of 2005[update], there were 73 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 31 businesses involved in this sector.  133 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 16 businesses in this sector.  88 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 29 businesses in this sector.
Peter Crawley (born 4 January 1969) is an English cricketer. He played four first-class matches for Cambridge University Cricket Club in 1992.
This biographical article related to an English cricket person born in the 1960s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Born in Brighton, Ontario, he was a barrister before being elected to the House of Commons of Canada from the riding of Peterborough West in the 1921 federal election. A Liberal, he was defeated in the 1925 federal election. From 1922 to 1925, he was the Deputy Speaker and Chairman of Committees of the Whole of the House of Commons. In 1925, he was the Minister of Immigration and Colonization.
This article about a Liberal Party of Canada Member of the Parliament of Canada is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Suspense is a 1913 American silent short film thriller directed by Lois Weber and Phillips Smalley. Weber also wrote the scenario and stars in the film with Valentine Paul. The film features early examples of a split screen shot and a car chase. The Internet Movie Database lists Lon Chaney as having an unconfirmed and uncredited brief role;  however, this is disputed by silentera.com, which states "Despite attributions to the contrary, Lon Chaney does not appear in the film."
 In 2020, it was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".
Suspense was released on July 6, 1913 by the Rex Motion Picture Company. A print of the film is preserved at the film archive of the British Film Institute.  It was released on DVD/Blu-ray in 2018 in a box set called "Pioneers: First Women Filmmakers", with a new score by composer Skylar Nam.
The monastery is located on a 151 meter high hill, 1.5 kilometers north of the village Kontariotissa and 6 kilometers southwest of the city Katerini.
The monastery is subordinate to the diocese Kitros Katerini, belonging to the archdiocese of Athens.
In addition to the general liturgies, individual studies and prayers of the nuns shape the everyday life of the monastery.
This biographical article related to association football in Germany, about a defender, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This biographical article related to a Japanese association football midfielder born in the 1980s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Spencer-Smith's twin brother, Orlando Spencer-Smith represented Hampshire in a single first-class match in 1866 and played six first-class matches for Oxford University.
This biographical article related to an English cricket person born in the 1840s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
2997 Cabrera, provisional designation 1974 MJ, is an asteroid from the central regions of the asteroid belt, approximately 8 kilometers in diameter.
Theodore C. Blegen wrote that "some stones with runelike markings actually carry traces left by small prehistoric creatures" which might mislead anyone who was not a professional runologist.
This biographical article related to an Australian cricket person born in the 1890s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Dr. William R. Harvey Museum of Art is an art museum at Talladega College in Talladega, Alabama in the United States. The museum, which is named after donor and alumni William R. Harvey, includes the Amistad Mutiny murals by Hale Woodruff.
In 2014, William R. Harvey, an alumnus of Talledega College, and his family, donated $1.3 million to Talladega College which established an art museum in Harvey's name. Groundbreaking for the museum took place in November 2017. The State of Alabama, led by governor Kay Ivey, donated $1.5 million to the construction efforts.
The Dr. William R. Harvey Museum of Art opened on February 3, 2020. The ribbon cutting included Harvey and Talladega College president Billy C. Hawkins.
Erik Thompson (born July 22, 1959 in La Jolla, California) is an American voice actor and television announcer.
After starting out as a disc jockey in San Diego and Los Angeles radio, he began pursuing a career in voiceover. Thompson eventually found work as a promotional voice of HBO, which led to promotional announcements and program narration on several other networks.
Currently he is narrator of the TV series The Universe on The History Channel, Crimes of the Century on CNN, World's Most Amazing Videos and many other television series featured on Discovery Channel, The Science Channel, The History Channel, NBC, MSNBC, The Weather Channel, National Geographic Channel, Spike and CNN.
Thompson has performed voice-overs for hundreds of national television and radio commercials, non-broadcast narration, television infomercials, animated voice and web-based content.
As a promotional voice, he has at various times been a fixture of several television networks, including  Ion Television, National Geographic Channel, Nat Geo Wild, FX, CBS, NBC, HBO, Animal Planet, Showtime, TBS, Discovery Channel, Investigation Discovery, and others. He also is the promotional voice of several local affiliate stations across the United States.
The Information Awareness Office (IAO) was established by the United States Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) in January 2002 to bring together several DARPA projects focused on applying surveillance and information technology to track and monitor terrorists and other asymmetric threats to U.S. national security by achieving "Total Information Awareness" (TIA).
Following public criticism that the development and deployment of this technology could potentially lead to a mass surveillance system, the IAO was defunded by Congress in 2003. However, several IAO projects continued to be funded and merely run under different names, as revealed by Edward Snowden during the course of the 2013 mass surveillance disclosures.
The IAO was established after Admiral John Poindexter, former United States National Security Advisor to President Ronald Reagan, and SAIC executive Brian Hicks approached the US Department of Defense with the idea for an information awareness program after the attacks of September 11, 2001.
Poindexter and Hicks had previously worked together on intelligence-technology programs for the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency. DARPA agreed to host the program and appointed Poindexter to run it in 2002.
The TIA program itself was the "systems-level" program of the IAO that intended to integrate information technologies into a prototype system to provide tools to better detect, classify, and identify potential terrorists with the goal to increase the probability that authorized agencies of the United States could preempt adverse actions.
Among the other IAO programs that were intended to provide TIA with component data aggregation and automated analysis technologies were the Genisys, Genisys Privacy Protection, Evidence Extraction and Link Discovery, and Scalable Social Network Analysis programs.
On August 2, 2002, Dr. Poindexter gave a speech at DARPAtech 2002 entitled "Overview of the Information Awareness Office" in which he described the TIA program.
In addition to the program itself, the involvement of Poindexter as director of the IAO also raised concerns among some, since he had been earlier convicted of lying to Congress and altering and destroying documents pertaining to the Iran-Contra Affair, although those convictions were later overturned on the grounds that the testimony used against him was protected.
As a result, House and Senate negotiators moved to prohibit further funding for the TIA program by adding provisions to the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2004 (signed into law by President Bush on October 1, 2003).  Further, the Joint Explanatory Statement included in the conference committee report specifically directed that the IAO as program manager for TIA be terminated immediately.
IAO research was conducted along five major investigative paths: secure collaboration problem solving; structured discovery; link and group understanding; context aware visualization; and decision making with corporate memory.
The Human Identification at a Distance (HumanID) project developed automated biometric identification technologies to detect, recognize and identify humans at great distances for "force protection", crime prevention, and "homeland security/defense" purposes.
Evidence Extraction and Link Discovery (EELD) developed technologies and tools for automated discovery, extraction and linking of sparse evidence contained in large amounts of classified and unclassified data sources (such as phone call records from the NSA call database, internet histories, or bank records).
EELD was designed to design systems with the ability to extract data from multiple sources (e.g., text messages, social networking sites, financial records, and web pages). It was to develop the ability to detect patterns comprising multiple types of links between data items or people communicating (e.g., financial transactions, communications, travel, etc.).
It is designed to link items relating potential "terrorist" groups and scenarios, and to learn patterns of different groups or scenarios to identify new organizations and emerging threats.
Genisys aimed at developing technologies which would enable "ultra-large, all-source information repositories".
Another goal was to develop "a large, distributed system architecture for managing the huge volume of raw data input, analysis results, and feedback, that will result in a simpler, more flexible data store that performs well and allows us to retain important data indefinitely."
Genisys had an internal "Privacy Protection Program." It was intended to restrict analysts' access to irrelevant information on private U.S. citizens, enforce privacy laws and policies via software mechanisms, and report misuse of data.
Scalable Social Network Analysis (SSNA) aimed at developing techniques based on social network analysis for modeling the key characteristics of terrorist groups and discriminating these groups from other types of societal groups.
Translingual Information Detection, Extraction and Summarization (TIDES) developed advanced language processing technology to enable English speakers to find and interpret critical information in multiple languages without requiring knowledge of those languages.
Outside groups (such as universities, corporations, etc.) were invited to participate in the annual information retrieval, topic detection and tracking, automatic content extraction, and machine translation evaluations run by NIST.
Genoa and Genoa II focused on providing advanced decision-support and collaboration tools to rapidly deal with and adjust to dynamic crisis management and allow for inter-agency collaboration in real-time. Another function was to be able to make estimates of possible future scenarios to assist intelligence officials in deciding what to do, in a manner similar to the DARPA's Deep Green program which is designed to assist Army commanders in making battlefield decisions.
Wargaming the Asymmetric Environment (WAE) focused on developing automated technology capable of identifying predictive indicators of terrorist activity or impending attacks by examining individual and group behavior in broad environmental context and examining the motivation of specific terrorists.
Effective Affordable Reusable Speech-to-text (EARS) developed automatic speech-to-text transcription technology whose output is substantially richer and much more accurate than previously possible. The aim of EARS was to focus on everyday human-to-human speech from broadcasts and telephone conversations in multiple languages. It is expected to increase the speed with which speech can be processed by computers by 100 times or more.
The intent is to create a core enabling technology (technology that is used as a component for future technologies) suitable for a wide range of future surveillance applications.
Babylon aimed to develop rapid, two-way, natural language speech translation interfaces and platforms. Its goal was to help the warfighter in field environments to complete tasks such as force protection, refugee processing, and medical triage.
Bio-Surveillance aimed to develop the necessary information technologies and resulting prototype capable of detecting the covert release of a biological pathogen automatically, and significantly earlier than traditional approaches.
Communicator was to develop "dialogue interaction" technology that enables warfighters to talk with computers, such that information will be accessible on the battlefield or in command centers without ever having to touch a keyboard.  The Communicator Platform was to be both wireless and mobile, and to be designed to function in a networked environment.
Live exercises were conducted involving small unit logistics operations involving the United States Marines to test the technology in extreme environments.
TIA's two core projects are now operated by Advanced Research and Development Activity (ARDA) located among the 60-odd buildings of "Crypto City" at NSA headquarters in Fort Meade, MD. ARDA itself has been shifted from the NSA to the Disruptive Technology Office (run by the Director of National Intelligence). They are funded by National Foreign Intelligence Program for foreign counterterrorism intelligence purposes.
One technology, codenamed "Basketball", is the Information Awareness Prototype System, the core architecture to integrate all the TIA's information extraction, analysis, and dissemination tools. Work on this project is conducted by SAIC through its former Hicks & Associates consulting arm, and run by former Defense and military officials and which had originally been awarded US$19 million IAO contract to build the prototype system in late 2002.
The other project has been re-designated "Topsail" (formerly Genoa II) and would provide IT tools to help anticipate and preempt terrorist attacks. SAIC has also been contracted to work on Topsail, including a US$3.7 million contract in 2005.
The first mention of the IAO in the mainstream media came from The New York Times reporter John Markoff on February 13, 2002.  Initial reports contained few details about the program.  In the following months, as more information emerged about the scope of the TIA project, civil libertarians became concerned over what they saw as the potential for the development of an Orwellian mass surveillance system.
On November 14, 2002, The New York Times published a column by William Safire in which he claimed "[TIA] has been given a $200 million budget to create computer dossiers on 300 million Americans."   Safire has been credited with triggering the anti-TIA movement.
Depending on when the employee sells the shares, the disposition will be classified as either qualified or not qualified. If the position is sold two years after the offering date and at least one year after the purchase date, the shares will fall under a qualified disposition. If the shares are sold within two years of the offering date or within one year after the purchase date the disposition will not be qualified. These positions will have different tax implications.
ESPPs differs from other types of employee stock ownership, such as Employee Stock Ownership Plans (ESOPs), both in how the stocks are bought, access to the stocks (either after vesting or upon retirement), taxation for the employees, and how much these plans cost to implement for the company.
The majority of publicly disclosed ESPPs in the United States are tax-qualified plans that follow the rules of Section 423 of the IRC.
The largest oil refinery in eastern Canada, owned by Valero Energy Corporation, is located in Saint-Romuald.
Chordal graphs are a subset of the perfect graphs. They may be recognized in linear time, and several problems that are hard on other classes of graphs such as graph coloring may be solved in polynomial time when the input is chordal. The treewidth of an arbitrary graph may be characterized by the size of the cliques in the chordal graphs that contain it.
A perfect elimination ordering in a graph is an ordering of the vertices of the graph such that, for each vertex v, v and the neighbors of v that occur after v in the order form a clique. A graph is chordal if and only if it has a perfect elimination ordering.
Since both this lexicographic breadth first search process and the process of testing whether an ordering is a perfect elimination ordering can be performed in linear time, it is possible to recognize chordal graphs in linear time.  The graph sandwich problem on chordal graphs is NP-complete whereas the probe graph problem on chordal graphs has polynomial-time  complexity.
The set of all perfect elimination orderings of a chordal graph can be modeled as the basic words of an antimatroid; Chandran et al. (2003) use this connection to antimatroids as part of an algorithm for efficiently listing all perfect elimination orderings of a given chordal graph.
The largest maximal clique is a maximum clique, and, as chordal graphs are perfect, the size of this clique equals the chromatic number of the chordal graph. Chordal graphs are perfectly orderable: an optimal coloring may be obtained by applying a greedy coloring algorithm to the vertices in the reverse of a perfect elimination ordering.
In any graph, a vertex separator is a set of vertices the removal of which leaves the remaining graph disconnected; a separator is minimal if it has no proper subset that is also a separator. According to a theorem of Dirac (1961), chordal graphs are graphs in which each minimal separator is a clique; Dirac used this characterization to prove that chordal graphs are perfect.
An alternative characterization of chordal graphs, due to Gavril (1974), involves trees and their subtrees.
From a collection of subtrees of a tree, one can define a subtree graph, which is an intersection graph that has one vertex per subtree and an edge connecting any two subtrees that overlap in one or more nodes of the tree. Gavril showed that the subtree graphs are exactly the chordal graphs.
A representation of a chordal graph as an intersection of subtrees forms a tree decomposition of the graph, with treewidth equal to one less than the size of the largest clique in the graph; the tree decomposition of any graph G can be viewed in this way as a representation of G as a subgraph of a chordal graph. The tree decomposition of a graph is also the junction tree of the junction tree algorithm.
Interval graphs are the intersection graphs of subtrees of path graphs, a special case of trees. Therefore, they are a subfamily of chordal graphs.
Split graphs are graphs that are both chordal and the complements of chordal graphs. Bender, Richmond & Wormald (1985) showed that, in the limit as n goes to infinity, the fraction of n-vertex chordal graphs that are split approaches one.
Ptolemaic graphs are graphs that are both chordal and distance hereditary. Quasi-threshold graphs are a subclass of Ptolemaic graphs that are both chordal and cographs. Block graphs are another subclass of Ptolemaic graphs in which every two maximal cliques have at most one vertex in common. A special type is windmill graphs, where the common vertex is the same for every pair of cliques.
K-trees are chordal graphs in which all maximal cliques and all maximal clique separators have the same size. Apollonian networks are chordal maximal planar graphs, or equivalently planar 3-trees. Maximal outerplanar graphs are a subclass of 2-trees, and therefore are also chordal.
Chordal graphs are a subclass of the well known perfect graphs.  Other superclasses of chordal graphs include weakly chordal graphs, cop-win graphs, odd-hole-free graphs, even-hole-free graphs, and Meyniel graphs. Chordal graphs are precisely the graphs that are both odd-hole-free and even-hole-free (see holes in graph theory).
Every chordal graph is a strangulated graph, a graph in which every peripheral cycle is a triangle, because peripheral cycles are a special case of induced cycles. Strangulated graphs are graphs that can be formed by clique-sums of chordal graphs and maximal planar graphs. Therefore, strangulated graphs include maximal planar graphs.
The Doomsday Flight is a 1966 television-thriller film written by Rod Serling and directed by William Graham. The cast includes Jack Lord, Edmond O'Brien, Van Johnson, Katherine Crawford, John Saxon, Richard Carlson and Ed Asner.
The film concerns a bomb placed on an airliner, and the efforts to locate it before it explodes. The terrorist who placed the bomb demands money in exchange for necessary information. The film inspired real-life copycat incidents involving bomb threats. 
At Los Angeles International Airport, a Douglas DC-8 airliner takes off for New York. Shortly after takeoff, the airline receives a bomb threat.  The stranger (Edmond O'Brien) on the telephone asks for a sum of $100,000 in small denominations. He also states that the bomb is hidden in the cabin. The stranger is actually a former engineer who worked in the aviation industry.
The company Chief Pilot Bob Shea (Richard Carlson) decides to warn the flight crew. He orders pilot Capt. Anderson (Van Johnson), to circle around Las Vegas. He also asks the flight crew to search for the bomb on board. It is revealed that the bomb has an aneroid, altitude-sensitive switch and will detonate if the aircraft lands.
Meanwhile, the search to find the bomb on board the flight involves the opening of passenger hand luggage and tearing open several areas in the cabin and cockpit. All efforts are unsuccessful. The passengers are alerted to the emergency and start to panic.
The bomb threat caller telephones again to tell the police how to pay the ransom. A delivery man will simply come to the airport and take the money. The police follow the van closely, but the van has a serious accident on a ring road and catches fire. The terrorist has trouble believing the police who confirm that they are preparing a second payment. He seeks refuge at a bar, where he drinks a lot and starts talking to the bartender (Malachi Throne) who is suspicious of the caller.
When the caller has a heart attack, the bartender calls the police who come running, but the man is dead. The FBI Special Agent Frank Thompson (Jack Lord) then interrogates the bartender asking him to report the exact words of the terrorist. The police discover that the bomb will explode if the airliner drops below 4,000 feet.
The chief pilot then decides to tell the flight crew to land the aircraft at Stapleton International Airport in Denver, Colorado, whose altitude is higher, and landing there will not trigger the bomb. After the airliner is safely on the ground, the flight crew meet in the airline operations room of his company.
The Doomsday Flight premiered on NBC in the United States on December 13, 1966 and was the most watched made-for-TV movie to that time, with a Nielsen rating of 27.5 and an audience share of 48% until it was surpassed by Heidi in 1968.
The Doomsday Flight was released theatrically in cinemas in other countries around the world, and distributed by the Rank Organisation in the UK.
In a contemporary review by J. Gould in The New York Times decried the "exploitation of bomb scares on passenger airplanes" engendered by The Doomsday Flight. [N 1]
Sigfrido Ranucci (born 24 August 1961) is an Italian journalist, known for directing Fallujah, The Hidden Massacre.
Wind River is a 2017 neo-Western murder mystery film written and directed by Taylor Sheridan. The film stars Jeremy Renner and Elizabeth Olsen as a U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service tracker and an FBI agent, respectively, who try to solve a murder on the Wind River Indian Reservation in Wyoming. Gil Birmingham, Jon Bernthal and Graham Greene also star.
Sheridan has said that he wrote the film to raise awareness of the issue of the high number of Indigenous women who are raped and murdered, both on and off reservations.
Lambert discovers that Natalie's new boyfriend is Matt Rayburn, who works security at a nearby oil drilling site. The next day, Lambert and Banner discover Matt's body, nude and ravaged by scavenging wildlife. Lambert tells Banner about the death three years earlier of his 16-year-old daughter Emily, who was a friend of Natalie's. Emily's body was discovered in the snow, following a party at the Lambert house while his wife and he were away. No one was charged in her death.
A flashback shows Natalie in bed with Matt, in what seems like a loving relationship. Unexpectedly, Matt's colleagues barge into Matt's trailer after a night of hard drinking. Matt's roommate Pete taunts them and tries to sexually assault Natalie, which provokes Matt to violence. The other guards retaliate by beating Matt while Pete rapes Natalie. Matt's attempt to fight back gives Natalie an opportunity to escape, while the group beats Matt to death.
According to Sheridan, he was inspired to write this film because he learned about the "thousands of actual stories just like it": referring to the high number of Indigenous women who are victims of sexual assault and/or murder. He wrote and directed the movie to make more people aware of this problem.
The film is the third installment of Taylor Sheridan's trilogy of "the modern-day American frontier", the first being Sicario in 2015, and Hell or High Water the next year. Principal photography on the film began on March 12, 2016, in Utah and lasted until April 25, 2016.
The Weinstein Company acquired the distribution rights on May 13, 2016, during the 2016 Cannes Film Festival. In January 2017, it was announced that the company would no longer distribute the film, but the distribution deal was later finalized. It had a limited release on August 4, 2017, before going wide on August 18.
In October 2017, following reporting on the Harvey Weinstein sexual abuse scandal, Lionsgate announced that it would distribute the film on home media and streaming services. The Weinstein Company (TWC) name and logo were omitted from the credits, trailer, and packaging. As a result, The Weinstein Company finally stopped distributing the film. Sheridan had required that TWC be deleted from the materials, and demanded that all money Weinstein would have made on this work be donated to charity.
Wind River grossed $33.8 million in the United States and Canada and $11.2 million in other territories for a worldwide total of $45 million, against a production budget of $11 million.
Owen Gleiberman of Variety described Wind River as a "humanistic crime drama, though this one has more skill than excitement". Chris Plante of The Verge described it as "a thrilling, violent finale to the Hell or High Water and Sicario trilogy", and as "Coen brothers noir meets the case of the week."
In a High Country News article titled "Why do white writers keep making films about Indian Country?", Native commentator Jason Asenap praises the film as "a thinking-person's thriller" full of complex characters, and describes the film's focus on missing Native American women as "admirable." He criticizes the film for perpetuating the "dying Indians" motif: 
The filmmakers were criticized for casting non-Native actors in some of the Native American roles. Kelsey Chow had been advertised as Eastern Band Cherokee, leading the Eastern Band Cherokee to issue a statement that she is neither an enrolled member nor descended from the tribe.
Commodore Power/Play was one of a pair of computer magazines published by Commodore Business Machines in the United States in support of their 8-bit home computer lines of the 1980s. The other was called Commodore Interface, changed to just Commodore in 1981, Commodore Microcomputer in 1983, and finally to Commodore Microcomputers in 1984 and for the rest of its run. The two magazines were published on an alternating, bimonthly schedule.
See tips for writing articles about magazines. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.
Both Abel Arena and Cooper Gym are available for other events, including high school basketball and hockey.
In occupied Poland, she engaged in underground education for children and continued to write children's stories for the underground press, even during the Warsaw Uprising. During this time she contributed to the resistance-published children's magazine "Jawnutka".
Live at Montreux and Northsea is an album by drummer Art Blakey and The Jazz Messengers Big Band recorded in 1980 at the Montreux Jazz Festival in Switzerland (with one track recorded at the North Sea Jazz Festival in the Netherlands) and released on the Dutch Timeless label.
Scott Yanow, writing for AllMusic called it "a historically significant and rather enjoyable release".
The Yavneh Academy is a Modern Orthodox Jewish day school located in Paramus, in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. It educates students from pre-kindergarten through eighth grade. The school's motto is "Stimulating the mind, Nourishing the soul." The school was originally established in Paterson, New Jersey.
In 2006, the SINAI Special Needs Institute, an educational program for Jewish children and young adults with special needs, opened its first full-time Jewish elementary school program in Northern New Jersey at Yavneh Academy.
Yavneh used that campus until 1981, when it took over a five acre school campus in Paramus. In 1986, the Paterson Public Schools district opened the Rosa L. Parks School of Fine and Performing Arts, a high school, on the Griggs campus.
Yavneh Academy has received awards including: winning the Stock Market Game in New Jersey for middle school students in 1995, 1996, 2001, 2005, 2006, 2008, 2009, 2012, and 2016.
Yavneh Academy has a basketball team and a hockey team.  The hockey team won the Yeshiva League 2006 floor hockey Championships beating SAR Academy, and were the runners-up in the 2007 league losing to SAR Academy, and making it to the championship game in 2008, against Moriah School of Englewood. The girls' basketball team won the 2003 championship, going undefeated. Now, they also have a girls' hockey team.
In 2013-14, Yavneh's boys' basketball team finished with a 9-1 record in the regular season.  Having secured home court advantage, Yavneh went on to beat Ramaz in the quarterfinals in a 58-44 victory and defeated Moriah 59-39 in the semifinals to make it to the championship game.  They lost to the undefeated SAR Sting in the championship game.
In 2013-14, the boys' soccer team had an undefeated championship season in the first year of the middle school yeshiva soccer league.
An International Certificate of Competence (ICC) is a certificate, which may be issued to anyone who has successfully completed certain national boating licenses or has passed an examination to prove the necessary competence for pleasure craft operation. ICC is the only sailing license approved by United Nations as a legitimate recreational sailing license.
Persons wishing to be tested in the United Kingdom need to be tested by an approved ICC test centre 
Although only guaranteed to be accepted in countries that have adopted the relevant UN Resolution, the ICC is a useful document to carry and will generally be accepted where proof of competence is required.
In very general terms an ICC is required for the inland waterways of Europe and for inland and coastal waters of Mediterranean countries. For the coastal waters of Northern Europe the ICC is generally  not required, however to all of these generalisations there are exceptions.
The ICC is a product of the United Nations Economic Commission for Europe Inland Water Committee (UN ECE IWC) Resolution 40 (hereafter called Resolution 40). This states that the ICC may be issued by a government of one state to its nationals and residents who may be on the waters of a foreign state, on condition that both accept the requirements and conditions set out in Resolution 40.
Governments may appoint competent authorities to issue ICC on their behalf. Globally International Yacht Training Worldwide (IYT) has been delegated such authority by both Ireland and the UK, and the Royal Yachting Association (RYA) and the British Sub-Aqua Club (BSAC) are both authorized by the UK.
The ICC provides documentary assurance from one government to another that the holder meets the levels of competence laid down in Resolution 40. However, the acceptance of Resolution 40 is often caveated.
In the mid-nineties, the Working Group on Inland Water Transport considered that Resolution 14 needed updating and strengthening and on 16 October 1998 the Working Party adopted their revisions as Resolution 40; this replaced Resolution 14.
The International Certificate for Operators of Pleasure Craft created in Resolution 40 is now more commonly referred to as the International Certificate of Competence or simply ICC. The ICC is only applicable where the visited state has also adopted or recognises the ICC as a valid standard of competency.
Resolution 40 not only included operators of pleasure craft bound for or on the inland and coastal waters of foreign states but specifically included bareboat charter vessels. Significantly, it also set out the nautical, regulatory and technical competency requirements to be achieved and a minimum age (16 years of age) for the issue of an ICC irrespective of individual national schemes.
The following UNECE member states have adopted Resolution 40 and thus officially accept the ICC as a proof of competence in their territories:
Austria, Belarus, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Czech Republic, Finland, Germany, Hungary, Ireland, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Norway, Romania, Slovakia, South Africa (not a member state), Switzerland the United Kingdom and Ukraine.
The following UNECE member states have adopted the earlier Resolution 14. Also these countries accept the ICC:
Finland has adopted the resolution but does not require the ICC for normal yachts ("sufficient age and skill" is enough) and does not use CEVNI for its inland waters.
Some official and some quality assured non-official certificates (mainly the coastal master certificates of the navigation association and the scouts) are regarded as fulfilling knowledge requirements of ICC for coastal waters. Courses for the CEVNI part are arranged separately by many organisations. The certificate itself is issued by the authorities, usually based on such documents.
The ICC is required for masters of boats chartered manned for international voyages (in addition to a domestic certificate) and for masters of recreational vessels with length more than 24 metres.
The Irish Sailing Association is uniquely authorized by the Irish Department of Transport to issue ICC's to only Irish Citizens.  Holders of the ICC license are able to operate recreational vessels for recreational use in European waters where an ICC is required, and proves to local authorities that the skipper has the required Irish qualifications for skippering the vessel.
International Yacht Training Worldwide (IYT Worldwide), The Royal Yachting Association (RYA),  and the British Sub-Aqua Club (BSAC) are with the authority of the Maritime and Coastguard Agency (MCA) approved to issue ICCs to those who meet the mandated requirements and the competency requirements.
ICC's are able to be issued by these Associations to citizens of Nations who are not signatories. In this manner, for example, USA citizens can gain the ICC. In the USA, NauticEd International Sailing Education facilitates the issuance of the ICC through the UK government via the Royal Yachting Association.
The UK ICC was only available to British citizens or bona fide British residents. This has now been extended to cover other Nationals.
Glycomyces scopariae is a bacterium from the genus of Glycomyces which has been isolated from roots of the plant Scoparia dulcis from Xishuangbanna in China.
Teleprompter again finished unplaced on his seasonal debut but then failed by only a short-head against Prismatic in Lockinge Stakes (then a Group Two race) at Newbury Racecourse. In July he was ridden by Tony Ives as won his second Pacemaker International, beating Northern Plain by six lengths and then finished second to Parliament in the Land of Burns Stakes.
At the end of the season it was announced that most all-aged Group One races in Europe would be opened to geldings in the following year. The successes of Teleprompter were regarded as being an important factor in bringing about this change.
Teleprompter began his final season promisingly by finishing second to Vertige in the Sandown Mile after leading until the final strides. In his next race however, he aggravated an old back injury when finishing unplaced in the Lockinge Stakes. He failed to reproduce his best form when he finished unplaced in the Queen Anne Stakes and the Pacemaker International and was retired.
Teleprompter was retired from racing to his birthplace, Lord Derby's Woodlands Stud, and later spent many years at the New England Stud. He died at the age of twenty-three in 2003 and was buried at the Stanley House stud in Newmarket.
Per Ola Markus Lindgren (born 29 February 1964, in Halmstad) is a Swedish former handball player and current coach. He is the head coach for IFK Kristianstad since 2012 and was head coach for Sweden from 2008 to 2016. As a player, he won two World Championships, four European Championships and participated in four Olympic Games. He also won four Swedish Championships with Drott.
Domestic Disturbance is a 2001 American psychological thriller film directed by Harold Becker and starring John Travolta, Vince Vaughn, Teri Polo, Steve Buscemi, and Matt O'Leary.
In Southport, Maryland, Susan Morrison (Teri Polo), recently divorced from her husband Frank (John Travolta), a struggling boat builder, is marrying a younger and wealthier Rick Barnes (Vince Vaughn). Danny (Matt O'Leary), Susan and Frank's twelve-year-old son, is clearly unhappy that his mother is remarrying. Susan asks Frank to allow Rick to go sailing with him and Danny, to help Danny bond with and accept Rick as a stepfather.
Danny reports the murder to his father and to the local police. Rick, however, has managed to dispose of most of the evidence, and is widely considered a pillar of the local community as he invested his money in the area, whereas Danny has a history of lying and misdemeanors. Frank believes his son, though, stemming from Rick's notable unease around Ray at the ceremony and the fact that Danny never lies to him.
In April 2001, while shooting the film in Wilmington, North Carolina, actor Steve Buscemi was slashed in the face while intervening in a bar fight between his friend Vince Vaughn, screenwriter Scott Rosenberg and a local man, Timothy Fogerty, who allegedly instigated the brawl.
Paramount Pictures held the world premiere of Domestic Disturbance at the studio on October 30, 2001. The film's stars were in attendance as well as many other guest celebrities. The film was then officially released on November 2, 2001 in 2,910 theaters throughout the United States. It did not prove to be a financial success, grossing only $45,246,095 domestically. By the end of its run, the film was only able to gross $54 million worldwide from its $75 million budget.
Domestic Disturbance was received poorly by critics, and gains a 24% rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on 100 reviews, with an average rating of 4/10. The consensus reads: "Well-made but extremely predictable, Domestic Disturbance is an average thriller that may work better on TV." On Metacritic, it holds a score of 29 out of 100, based on reviews from 27 critics, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews".
Roger Ebert awarded it one-and-a-half stars out of a possible four, reciting an anecdote about how the Chicago film critics had been shown the wrong last reel. He saw the correct one the following Monday, and scathingly said of it in his review: "The earlier reel was lacking the final music. Music is the last thing wrong with that reel."
The idea of a union for inmates of mental hospitals was first posed by Archie Meek, a 91 year old geriatric patient. He made this remark to Thomas Ritchie, another patient who was helping Archie shave at the time.
Matthew Vincent Lattanzi (born February 1, 1959) is an American former actor and dancer. He is most commonly recognized as the first husband of singer and actress Dame Olivia Newton-John, and for his acting in films such as My Tutor and the soap opera Paradise Beach.
While filming Xanadu, Lattanzi met Olivia Newton-John, whom he married in 1984. The couple had one daughter, Chloe Rose Lattanzi, born on January 17, 1986. By 1992, his acting career was largely over, and he took a job as a contractor for a homebuilding company in California. Lattanzi and Newton-John moved to their farm in Australia in 1993 so that he could audition for the new soap opera, Paradise Beach. He won a six-month contract for the show.
On April 24, 1995, Lattanzi and Newton-John announced their divorce. From 1997 to 2003, Lattanzi was in a relationship with Cindy Jessup. 
Lattanzi's career consists mostly of small movie parts, though he did have a starring role in 1983's My Tutor.  Other film credits include Rich and Famous, Grease 2, That's Life!, Roxanne, Catch Me If You Can, and Diving In. Lattanzi also had a significant role in the Australian soap opera, Paradise Beach, and he appeared in four of Newton-John's music videos: "Landslide", "Soul Kiss", "Toughen Up" and "Can't We Talk It Over In Bed".
Born in Lisbon, Correia grew up in the Santa Cruz neighbourhood of Benfica with four siblings, two brothers and two sisters. He first started at C.F. Benfica, before joining the under-19 team of S.L. Benfica in 1965, his boyhood club from which he had been a registered member since birth.
Correia represented his country in the Brazil Independence Cup, also in 1972. He was regularly called up until 1979, but failed to appear in any major competition.
In June 2015, Correia had his left leg amputated because of problems related to his circulatory system. On 20 July of the following year, he suffered a second stroke that put him in a coma, and after five days in critical condition he died at the age of 66.
As of 2001[update] India census, Khariya had a population of 9836. Males constitute 55% of the population and females 45%. Khariya has an average literacy rate of 72%, higher than the national average of 59.5%: male literacy is 79%, and female literacy is 63%. In Khariya, 15% of the population is under 6 years of age.
The Hospital Provincial de Rosario (Spanish, Provincial Hospital of Rosario) is a general hospital in Rosario, Argentina, which depends on the Health Ministry of the provincial state of Santa Fe. It is a public hospital (managed partly by an elected council) and serves as the base hospital for Programmatic Area III of Zone VIII of the Santa Fe Ministry of Health.
The HPR was the first hospital in Rosario and the first in the south of Santa Fe. It was inaugurated on 4 October 1855, with the name Hospital de Caridad (Charity Hospital), by the Sociedad de Beneficencia de Rosario (Charitable Society of Rosario). At the time of its foundation, the hospital was outside the main populated area of the then-small village of Rosario (which had little over 3,000 inhabitants).
Presently the HPR is located in the center of the city (taking up a whole block) and serves an area with a population estimate of 386,000 residents, treating 182,000 people a year, admitting 25 patients a day, and performing 300 surgeries per month. The hospital also manages 16 primary care centers distributed in the southern part of Rosario.
This article about an Argentine building or structure is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article related to a hospital in South America is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Alexis Joann-Louise Kaufman (born August 9, 1991) is an American professional wrestler. She is currently signed to WWE, where she performs on the Raw brand under the ring name Alexa Bliss. In 2013, Bliss signed a contract with WWE and was assigned to their Performance Center and developmental brand NXT. She made her main roster debut on the SmackDown brand in 2016, later becoming a two-time SmackDown Women's Champion and the first woman to hold the title twice.
Bliss was transferred to the Raw brand in 2017 and would go on to become a three-time Raw Women's Champion, with her initial reign making her the first woman to win both the Raw and SmackDown Women's titles. She and Nikki Cross are also the first two-time Women's Tag Team Champions in WWE history, making Bliss the second Women's Triple Crown Champion. In 2018, she won both the second women's Money in the Bank ladder match and first women's Elimination Chamber match.
Bliss went to defend her title on September 24 at No Mercy in a fatal five-way match against Bayley, Nia Jax, Emma, and Sasha Banks. Bliss was then confronted the following night on Raw by Mickie James due to remarks Bliss made about her. At TLC: Tables, Ladders & Chairs, Bliss defeated James to retain the title, and did so again on the October 30 episode of Raw.
At The Horror Show at Extreme Rules, Bliss appeared during the cinematic match between Braun Strowman and Bray Wyatt. Wyatt used Bliss' image as Strowman had an affection for her. Bliss then became involved in the storyline between Strowman and Wyatt, as she was attacked by Wyatt's alter ego, The Fiend, on the July 31 episode of SmackDown. Bliss' involvement with The Fiend would continue in the coming months, with Bliss going into trance and using his finisher, Sister Abigail.
Following Wrestlemania 37, Bliss declared that The Fiend was her mentor, but now she no longer needed him. She then introduced her new friend, a demonic looking doll named Lilly.
As her primary finisher, Bliss uses a diving barani flip from the top rope dubbed Twisted Bliss, which originates from her background in gymnastics and was initially called the Sparkle Splash. As an alternate finisher, she also employs a snap DDT known as the Twisted DDT. During her alliance with "The Fiend" Bray Wyatt, she adopted his finishing move, a swinging reverse STO called Sister Abigail.
On July 24, 2017, it was announced that Bliss would be joining the seventh season of Total Divas. She is also a recurring guest on Xavier Woods' YouTube channel UpUpDownDown, where she goes by the nickname Miss Bliss. In November 2019, she defeated Cesaro, Rusev, and The Miz in the finals of a Brawlhalla tournament to win Cesaro's UpUpDownDown Championship, but she immediately lost the title to Tyler Breeze in Saturday Night Slam Masters.
In early 2020, Bliss appeared in the music video for a song by Bowling for Soup, having previously cited them as her favorite band.
On June 23, 2020, Bliss confirmed her long rumored WWE podcast, which is titled Uncool with Alexa Bliss and debuted on September 22, 2020.
Kaufman has been an avid fan of Disney since the age of three, which she attributes to her family's annual trips to Walt Disney World despite their low income at the time. She enjoys cosplaying, which has inspired many of her wrestling outfits such as Freddy Krueger, Harley Quinn, Iron Man, The Riddler, Supergirl, and Chucky. She also supports her hometown Columbus Blue Jackets. She has cited Trish Stratus and Rey Mysterio as her influences in wrestling.
Kaufman was previously engaged to fellow professional wrestler Matthew Adams, better known by the ring name Buddy Murphy. They ended their engagement in 2018, but remained friends. She had a pet pig named Larry-Steve, whom she shared with Adams, but the pig died on May 25, 2021. As of February 2020, she had started dating American musician Ryan Cabrera. They became engaged on November 14, 2020.
"He's a Whore"/"The Model" is the last single released by American noise rock band Big Black in 1987. Both songs on this release are covers, the first track by Cheap Trick and the second by Kraftwerk. The cover of the 7" sleeve imitates both of the original singles. Both songs can be found on the CD version of the album Songs About Fucking, while the vinyl version includes only "The Model" (with a different intro).
Everything is a desktop search utility for Windows that can rapidly find files and folders by name. It is released under a free software license that allows modification and commercial redistribution, requiring only attribution.
When Everything first runs, it creates an index of the names of every file and folder on all NTFS and ReFS volumes on the system from file metadata, in the case of NTFS from the NTFS Master File Table. By default, all mounted NTFS and ReFS volumes are indexed. Once created, the index is continually updated by the application; in the case of NTFS the updates are fetched from the NTFS change journal.
Specific folders on any file system can also be added to the index, but the indexing of folders not using NTFS or ReFS will be slow, although searching using the completed index will not be. 
Regardless of the file system used on the indexed drives and folders, Everything searches its index for file names matching a user search expression, which may be a fragment of the target file name or a regular expression, displaying intermediate and immediate results as the search term is entered. 
Because Everything does not index content and, for NTFS drives, relies only on the NTFS change journal to filter file updates, the only file system activity it requires on NTFS drives is updating its index, and it uses very little memory and processor time to provide its service when only indexing NTFS and ReFS drives.
Take Command Console incorporates the internal command everything to allow command line access to the program.
No updates of Everything were issued from November 2009 to January 2013. Since then the program has received many updates.
These alternative and also free search engines use the same technique of reading the NTFS index directly:
Hulme Hall in Port Sunlight, on the Wirral Peninsula in Merseyside, England, is a Grade II listed building, first registered as such in 1965.
The building was designed by William Owen and his son, Segar. Built in 1901 as a women's dining hall, it became an art gallery from 1911, housing some of the collection of William Lever, 1st Viscount Leverhulme, prior to its removal to the Lady Lever Art Gallery around 1922. During World War I, the artworks were packed away and the building housed refugees from Belgium.
The Beatles gave four performances at Hulme Hall, the first on 7 July 1962. On 18 August 1962, Hulme Hall served as the venue for Ringo Starr's first official performance as a Beatle following the sacking of Pete Best; the band's first performance as the Fab Four. Other shows followed on 6 and 27 October 1962.
It has been used as a community centre and, as of 2015[update], it is used as a conference, banqueting and wedding centre.
Kerry O'Flaherty (born 15 July 1981) is an Irish runner competing primarily in the 3000 metres steeplechase. She competed at the 2015 World Championships in Beijing without qualifying for the final. O'Flaherty competed in the 2016 Olympic Games. She has also competed at two European Championships and one European Indoor Championships.
She began competitively training in 2009. She had hoped to qualify for the 2012 Summer Olympics in London but was plagued by an Achilles injury.
She improved on her Northern Ireland 3000m steeplechase record at the 2014 International Flanders Athletics Meeting in Oordegem with a time of 9:52.94, finishing fifth. She was injured at the same event the previous year and missed most of the season due to a faulty water barrier. Her time qualified her for the 2014 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow.
She qualified for the 2015 World Championships and the 2016 Summer Olympics after running a 9:42.61 at the 2015 Letterkenny AC International. She beat her personal best time by ten seconds. O'Flaherty competed in the third heat of the World Championships and finished with a time of 10:05.10. She was disappointed by her finish and did not qualify for the finals.
In the 2016 European Championships, she finished in sixth place, behind her teammate Sara Treacy, and achieved a personal best time of 9:45.53, advancing to the finals. All three Irish athletes advanced to the finals, the first time ever in any event at the European Championships. She finished in 12th place with 9:45.88. She was also part of the bronze-medal winning Irish team that raced at the 2016 European Cross Country Championships.
O'Flaherty competed in her first Olympics, the 2016 Games in Rio, at the age of 35. She finished the 3000m steeplechase with a time of 9:45.35, placing 14th in the heat. It was her season best, but she did not advance to the finals.
She competed in the 3000m steeplechase at the 2018 European Championships, but did not qualify for the finals after finishing her heat in 10:09.81 and 17th place.
She qualified for the 2018 European Athletics Championships during the IFAM Flanders International. She placed third with 9:53.00, qualifying under the B standard.
In 2019 O'Flaherty was working to qualify for the World Championships. During the European Permit Meeting in Spain, she was hit from behind as she attempted to jump a barrier. When she landed, she broke her fifth metatarsal, ending her hopes to qualify for the World Championships.
Asparagaceae, known as the asparagus family, is a family of flowering plants, placed in the order Asparagales of the monocots. Its best known member is Asparagus officinalis, garden asparagus.
Asparagaceae includes 114 genera with a total of approximately 2,900 known species. Unless otherwise noted, the alphabetical list below is based on genera accepted by the World Checklist of Selected Plant Families as in the family Asparagaceae (with synonyms from the same source). The reference against the subfamily name is to the source which places the genus in that subfamily.
James Satalin (born November 18, 1943) is an American former college basketball coach and the current radio play-by-play announcer for Syracuse men's basketball. Satalin spent 16 seasons as a head coach for St. Bonaventure and Duquesne.
Following his coaching career, Satalin stayed close to college basketball. He oversaw officials with both the Big East Conference and Atlantic 10 and was national director of Coaches vs. Cancer. In 2013, he began doing radio play-by-play for Syracuse men's basketball.
Single Flame, the second album of British singer-songwriter Lucy Ward, was released in the United Kingdom by Navigator Records on 19 August 2013. It was critically acclaimed and received a four-starred review in The Guardian.
In a four-starred review for The Guardian, Robin Denselow said that Lucy Ward "proves to be an even more mature and thoughtful singer-songwriter than she was on Adelphi Has to Fly" and described her follow-up album as "impressive and original" and "a brooding, often angry set that deals with everything from politics to love, death and personal tragedy, with a couple of powerful traditional songs added in".
Hazel Davis, for americanaUK, described it as a much angrier album than her debut release but "a genuinely eclectic sounding collection" with "songs that are Thea Gilmore-good".
Simon Holland, for Folk Radio UK, said that the album was "charged, emotive and utterly compelling".
Single Flame was produced by Stu Hanna from Megson, who also performs on the album, with his wife Debbie Hanna providing backing vocals. The photography and artwork on the CD cover was by Elly Lucas.
This biographical article relating to weightlifting in the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Like all Plasmodium species P. uluguruense has both vertebrate and insect hosts. The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are reptiles.
Young schizonts are elongate with blunt ends and become oval or round following the second nuclear division. Mature schizonts are smaller than the host cell nuclei, produce 4-12 merozoites and are usually arranged as a fan.
Immature gametocytes like young schizonts are elongate with blunt ends. Mature gametocytes are usually oval and approximate the host cell nuclei in size. Their pigment granules concentrated in a single focus.
Basile was one of only two knights defending the castle and was renowned amongst the English attackers for his appearance: the castle was so ill-prepared for King Richard's siege that Basile was forced to defend the ramparts with cobbled-together armour and a makeshift shield constructed from a frying pan, much to the mirth of the English besiegers. It is perhaps this dismissive attitude that led to Richard taking little precaution on the day he was shot.
Although there are numerous variations of the story's details, it is generally agreed that King Richard ordered that Basile suffer no punishment (and, in fact, that he be paid 100 shillings).  Nevertheless, after Richard's death, mercenary captain Mercadier disregarded his orders and Basile was flayed alive and then hanged.
'Peter Basili' or 'Pierre Basile' is not believed to be his real name, since it variates with the names 'John Sabroz' and 'Bertran de Gurdun' as the name of Richard's killer. In truth, it is considered unlikely that contemporary chroniclers knew his real name.
Margaret Seton, Lady Paisley (died 1616) was a Scottish aristocrat and a favourite of Anne of Denmark.
In July 1568 Regent Moray granted her the goods of a number of men from Tranent, Winton, Longniddry, Winchburgh, and elsewhere, all tenants and servants of her father. They were implicated in the escape of Mary, Queen of Scots from Lochleven Castle and supporting her at the battle of Langside. Mary had first made her way to the Seton castle of Niddry in West Lothian and Lord Seton's retainers had escorted her to Hamilton.
After she married Claud Hamilton in 1574 she was known as "Lady Paisley". Married women in early modern Scotland did not change their surnames when they married. She continued to sign her letters, "Margaret Setoun".
Her brother, Alexander Seton, asked for leave from his duties in Edinburgh to visit her at Paisley in December 1591 because she was ill.
She and her mother Isobel Hamilton, Lady Seton, became favourites of Anne of Denmark, the wife of James VI.
On 25 December 1602 Beatrix Ruthven, forbidden from the royal presence since the Gowrie Conspiracy, was smuggled into the apartments of Anne of Denmark at Holyrood House posing as a gentlewoman servant to Lady Paisley and her daughter Lady Angus, at the queen's request.
Lady Paisley wrote from Monkton to Anne of Denmark on 1 September 1610. She was hoping that the queen could help her avoid censure by the Presbytery of Ayr. She wrote that she had suffered from debilatating headaches and toothache for the last four years.
She married Claud Hamilton, 1st Lord Paisley in August 1574 at Niddry Castle. The wedding was celebrated with "great triumphs". Their children included:
Three children who died as infants, Margaret (1577), Henry (1585), and Alexander (1587), are commemorated by an inscription at Paisley Abbey.
KXDG is a mainstream rock radio station licensed to Webb City, Missouri, owned by Zimmer Radio Group. KXDG began broadcasting in HD Radio in 2006 and ceased HD Radio broadcast in 2014. It was the first radio station in the four-state area to begin multicasting. Its slogan is "Big Dog 97.9 Joplin's Rock Station and The 4 States Rocker Big Dog 97.9"
Bobby Holcomb was born in 1947 in Honolulu, Hawaii, the son of an African-American father from Georgia, and a Hawaiian-Portuguese mother.
He was passionate about Tahitian culture, and taught local children their cultural heritage. He campaigned against nuclear testing. For his educational efforts, he was named French Polynesia's Personality of the Year in 1988.
He died from cancer on February 15, 1991.  Local Tahitian television stations treated his death as a matter of great national importance.
One of Holcomb's most popular paintings is "The Kites of Mata'Irea" depicting native Polynesians flying kites.
Holcomb never signed with a major label, and his early music was mostly produced on cassettes. The albums that did make their way to compact disc are out of print, and used copies are very rare.  Tahitian television made some videos of Holcomb performing his tunes in the 1980s, and some of those videos can be found on the internet, on sites such as YouTube.
The constituency was established for the 1963  elections, but for the next election (1966) the Nyakach Constituency was split out of it. In 1987 Muhoroni Constituency was split from Nyando, while parts of the disestablished Winam Constituency was incorporated into Nyando. It was one of three constituencies of the former Nyando District.
The Popularity Papers is a middle grade book series written and illustrated by Amy Ignatow.  The first book of the series was published in 2010.  To date, six sequels have been published.
Two fifth-grade friends, Lydia Goldblatt and Julie Graham-Chang, want to learn how to be popular before entering middle school.  The first book of the series is their journal, documenting their misadventures to become more popular, as well as their family and school life.  Sequels continue the story of Lydia and Julie and their friends and families, as they progress into middle school.
The first book in The Popularity Papers series was selected as a top-ten title for 2011 by the American Library Association's Rainbow Project. It was a 2010 Gold Award winner by the National Parenting Publications Association and selected by the Chicago Public Library as one of the 2011 "Best of the Best" books.
The first book's review in the New York Times 2010 summer reading issue (June 4, 2010) called the author "hugely talented". Publishers Weekly noted that the plot was "predictable", but stated that "Readers will quickly devour this hilarious, heartfelt debut."
On July 17, 1992, the Azerbaijani government established State Land Committee according to Presidential Decree No. 54. of the Republic of Azerbaijan. In 2001, both the State Land Committee and State Geodesy and Mapping Committee were abolished and according to Presidential Decree No. 460 dated April 18, 2001, the new State Land and Cartography Committee was established in their place.
State Land Structure Project Institute, State Land Cadastre and Monitoring Science Production Center, State Aerogeodesy Institution, Baku Mapping Factory are all state institutions subordinate to the committee.
The committee cooperates with respective state bodies of Ukraine, Russia, Belarus, Kazakhstan, Dagestan, Tajikistan etc.
Hospital Sketches (1863) is a compilation of four sketches based on letters Louisa May Alcott sent home during the six weeks she spent as a volunteer nurse for the Union Army during the American Civil War in Georgetown.
Tribulation Periwinkle opens the story by complaining, "I want something to do." She dismisses suggestions to write a book, teach, get married, or start acting. When her younger brother suggests she "go nurse the soldiers", she immediately responds, "I will!" After substantial hardship in trying to obtain a spot, she has further difficulty finding a place on the train. She then describes her travel through New York, Philadelphia, and Baltimore en route to Washington DC.
Immediately after her arrival, Periwinkle must attend to the wounded from the Battle of Fredericksburg. Her first assignment is washing them before putting them to bed. She converses with the various wounded soldiers, including an Irishman and a Virginia blacksmith. The death of the blacksmith, a man named John, in particular touches her deeply.
While serving as a nurse, Alcott wrote several letters to her family in Concord. At the urging of others, she prepared them for publication, slightly altering and fictionalizing them. The narrator of the stories was renamed Tribulation Periwinkle but the sketches are virtually authentic to Alcott's real experiences.
The first of the sketches was published on May 22, 1863, in the abolitionist magazine Boston Commonwealth edited by family friend Franklin Benjamin Sanborn. The final sketch was published on June 26. Alcott herself did not care much for the writings, dismissing the idea that they were "witty", and admitted, "I wanted money." The pieces received great critical and popular acclaim making Alcott an overnight success.
Fourteen years later after its publication, Alcott reflected on avoiding Roberts Brothers, who later published Little Women (1868): "Shortsighted Louisa! Little did you dream that this same Roberts Brothers were to help you make your fortune a few years later." After that novel's success, Niles offered to republish Hospital Sketches under the Roberts Brothers imprint, and Alcott slightly expanded it.
Brick Towers was a 324-unit affordable housing development in Newark, New Jersey, originally occupied in 1970.  The buildings were demolished in 2008, despite opposition by the City's Mayor Cory Booker, who was living in the property at the time.  Although the buildings were reported structurally sound, there were persistent problems with poor management and associated criminal activity. The site has been redeveloped.
This article about a building or structure in New Jersey is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Pogatetz suffered from a hernia, for which he received corrective surgery in Munich on 24 April 2006. On 4 July, he returned to training following successful surgery on his hernia and cheek.
On 9 September 2014, Pogatetz signed a three-and-a-half year deal with Columbus Crew SC of Major League Soccer. Over two seasons with the Ohio-based club, he made 24 appearances.
In March 2009, Pogatetz was named captain of Austria by coach Dietmar Constantini. However, a series of injuries kept Pogatetz out of Austria's team for much of 2009 and 2010, with Christian Fuchs replacing him as captain. His last cap came in 2014.
Current street name refers to Queen Jadwiga of Poland (1373/4 - 1399), who reigned as the first female monarch of the Kingdom of Poland from 1384 until her death in 1399.
The facade presents typical eclectic features, with pedimented windows capped by corbel tables and dentils on the top. The entrance portal, flanked with pilasters, exhibits a medallion figure in the tympanum pediment. The tenement house is planned to be renovated in 2017
The building is one of the oldest in the street, dating back to the mid-1870s. It has been commissioned by Christian Mirus, who ran a transport company Haus Mirus. After the first World War (1933), another firm, Hortensje, had its seat there.
This tenement is pretty old, by street standards, since its first landlord Leopold Hartmann, a painter, is registered on an 1872 document. He had the house re-built up to the current form in 1876. During the 1910s, it was the seat of the Industrial Bank (Polish: Bank Przemyslowy).
The frontage displays eclectic traits, with strong neo-classic accents. Noticeable elements are the oeil-de-boeuf above the entrance, the delicately adorned cartouches on window sills and the pediments crowning the openings of the first floor.
The neo-classic elevation draws attention to its portal: the two pilasters carry a crosshead bearing a bearded mascaron, topped by a pediment which tympanum is adorned with a winged figure and floral motifs.
The neo-classic frontage, though worn out by time, still displays some architectural details: cartouches with festoons on the first floor and ornaments on the top, or adorned window crossheads.
The eclectic frontage is particularly rich with architectural details. Each slight avant-corps on building sides is crowned by a triangular pediment with an adorned tympanum (bearing a coat of arms). Each opening is ornamented (pediment, mascaron, balustrade, vegetal motifs). The portal displays pilasters, bossage and a triangular tympanum. By its style and material, the house echoes the tenement at Pomorska Street 26, built at the same period. 
The Art Nouveau elevation, refurbished in 2019, displays noticeable elements. Three mascarons figures, adorned with vegetal motifs towers the facade, above the last window line. Above, a dozen of smaller faces highlights the dentil-like frieze. In addition, the front-gable on the left side is garnished with pilasters, floral details, and other Art Nouveau style motifs. It bears the date of completion of the building (1904).
The brick building complements perfectly the other large mannerism edifice in the close area, the Prussian Eastern Railway Headquarters. Although it lost after the second World war a front-gable, it kept preserved its other architectural details, in particular the avant-corps bearing the grand stone balcony giving onto the street.
The corner tenement shows early elements of Art Nouveau style, in particular in the remaining motifs of both frontages: a cartouche above the corner entrance displays a man figure, all first level windows boast pediments and crossheads with vegetal motifs or flowered woman heads, in the spirit of Art Nouveau ornamentation. The 2019 overhaul of the building replaced back the statue above the entrance. 
The pool has been built in 1962, at the location of an old harbour on the Brda. It is the oldest swimming facility in activity in the city. In 2016, municipal authorities have decided to tear down the whole complex and built a new facility, including a 50m Olympic-size  with a partially mobile roof and seating for 450 people.
This building lost all of its architectural decoration after the war and several unfortunate re-constructions. The villa was the first realization of Fritz Weidner in Bydgoszcz.
Reeves was born on February 14, 1838, in Oswego, New York. In the early 1850s, he joined the Oswego band as an alto horn player, but soon moved to cornet, the instrument for which he would become famous. He occasionally performed with Jules Levy, another famous cornetist of the period. In 1871, he married Sarah Blanding. Blanding had a daughter from a previous marriage, and they were later to have a son, David W. Reeves, Jr.
Reeves accepted the directorship of Patrick Gilmore's Twenty-Second New York Regiment band after Gilmore's death in September 1892, and led Gilmore's band at the 1893 Chicago World's Columbian Exposition.  Reeves returned to the American Band after a year.
In 1878, Reeves led a performance of H.M.S. Pinafore, using a boat for the stage, which Arthur Sullivan took note of. Later in the 1890s, he served as a judge for the New York Volunteer Firemen's Association's band competitions.
Early in 1900, he contracted Bright's disease. He died on March 8, 1900. His funeral service took place at the First Baptist Church in America, where he had frequently led the American Band as part of Brown University's Commencement ceremonies, and included a performance of his Immortalis by the American Band. John Philip Sousa sent 200 roses in his memory. He was buried at Swan Point Cemetery with Masonic honors.
By the time of his death in 1900, he had composed over 100 works. In 1926, a marble fountain was built as a memorial to Reeves in Roger Williams Park in Providence.
Panegyrtes apicale is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Martins and Galileo in 2005.
The Hezekiah Palmer House is historic house at 340-408 Leete's Island Road in Branford, Connecticut.  Probably built in the early 19th century, it is an uncommonly late example in the town of colonial Georgian architecture.  The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 1, 1988.
The house has traditionally been given a construction date of 1830, based on the carving of that number on one of its main beams.  Land records suggest that it was built sometime before 1830 by James Palmer, whose son Hezekiah is recorded as its owner in 1852.  Its transitional Colonial/Greek Revival styling and construction methods suggest an earlier date.
The reservoir is constructed on the site of an abandoned gravel pit, the authority purchased the property in April 1996 for $810,000, which was mostly funded through a 30-year lease to a communication company for a cell phone tower.
To prepare the former gravel mining site for use as a reservoir existing buildings and debris were removed, including approximately 33,500 tons of steel slag and 7,000 tons of Kaofin, a legally dumped by-product from Marcal Paper corporation. An additional 1,000,000 cubic yards of overburden material were excavated and removed from the site.
King of Burlesque is a 1936 musical film about a former burlesque producer played by Warner Baxter who moves into a legitimate theatre and does very well, until he marries a socialite. Sammy Lee received an Academy Award nomination for the now dead category of Best Dance Direction at the 8th Academy Awards. Today the film is best known for Fats Waller's rendition of "I've Got My Fingers Crossed".
Former burlesque producer moves into legitimate theatre and does well until he marries a socialite. After his divorce his former top singer returns from London to help out.
Vojvodina is also the Serbian word for voivodeship, a type of duchy overseen by a voivode. The Serbian Voivodeship, a precursor to modern Vojvodina, was an Austrian province from 1849 to 1860.
The official name is the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina. In the province's six official languages this is:
Before the Roman conquest in the 1st century BC, Indo-European peoples of Illyrian, Thracian and Celtic origin inhabited this area. The first states organized in this area were the Celtic State of the Scordisci (3rd century BC-1st century AD) with capital in Singidunum (Belgrade), and the Dacian Kingdom of Burebista (1st century BC).
During Roman rule, Sirmium (modern Sremska Mitrovica) was one of the four capital cities of the Roman Empire, and six Roman Emperors were born in this city or in its surroundings. The city was also the capital of several Roman administrative units, including Pannonia Inferior, Pannonia Secunda, the Diocese of Pannonia, and the Praetorian prefecture of Illyricum.
Following territorial disputes with Byzantine and Bulgarian states, most of Vojvodina became part of the Kingdom of Hungary between the 10th and 12th century and remained under Hungarian administration until the 16th century (Following periods of Ottoman and Habsburg administrations, Hungarian political dominance over most of the region was established again in 1867 and over entire region in 1882, after abolition of the Habsburg Military Frontier).[citation needed]
Vojvodina remained Austrian Crown land until 1860, when Emperor Franz Joseph decided that it would be  Hungarian Crown land again. After 1867, the Kingdom of Hungary became one of two self-governing parts of Austria-Hungary, and the territory was returned again to Hungarian administration.
Most Vojvodina ethnic Germans (about 200,000) fled the region in 1944, together with the defeated German army. Most of those who remained in the region (about 150,000) were sent to some of the villages cordoned off as prisons. It is estimated that some 48,447 Germans died in the camps from disease, hunger, malnutrition, mistreatment, and cold. Some 8,049 Germans were killed by partisans during military administration in Vojvodina after October 1944.
For decades, the province enjoyed only a small level of autonomy within Serbia. Under the 1974 Yugoslav constitution, it gained extensive rights of self-rule, as both Kosovo and Vojvodina were given de facto veto power in the Serbian and Yugoslav parliaments. Changes to their status could not be made without the consent of the two Provincial Assemblies.[citation needed]
The 1974 Serbian constitution, adopted at the same time, reiterated that "the Socialist Republic of Serbia comprises the Socialist Autonomous Province of Vojvodina and the Socialist Autonomous Province of Kosovo, which originated in the common struggle of nations and nationalities of Yugoslavia in the National Liberation War (the Second World War) and socialist revolution".
On January 28, 2013, as an answer to the proposal of the Third Serbia political organization from Novi Sad to abolish the autonomy of Vojvodina, the pro-autonomist Vojvodina's Party performed a campaign that involved the posting of "Republic of Vojvodina" posters in Novi Sad.
The climate of the area is moderate continental, including cold winters and hot and humid summers. The Vojvodina climate is characterized by a vast range of extreme temperatures and very irregular rainfall distribution per month.
The Assembly of Vojvodina is the provincial legislature composed of 120 proportionally elected members. The current members were elected in the 2016 provincial elections. The Government of Vojvodina is the executive administrative body composed of a president and cabinet ministers.
Vojvodina is more diverse than the rest of Serbia with more than 25 ethnic groups and six languages which are in the official use by the provincial administration.
The Radio-Television of Vojvodina produces and broadcasts regional programming on two channels, RTV1 (Serbian language) and RTV2 (minority languages), and three radio frequencies: Radio Novi Sad 1 (Serbian), Radio Novi Sad 2 (Hungarian), Radio Novi Sad 3 (other minority communities).
The economy of Vojvodina is largely based on developed food industry and fertile agricultural soil. Agriculture is a priority sector in Vojvodina. Traditionally, it has always been a significant part of the local economy and a generator of positive results, due to the abundance of fertile agricultural land which makes up 84% of its territory. The share of agribusiness in the total industrial production is 40%, that is 30% in the total exports of Vojvodina.
Vojvodina promotes its investment potentials through the Vojvodina Investment Promotion (VIP) agency, which was founded by the Parliament of the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina.
Revenge is the "comeback" album from the band Iron Fire, released March 31, 2006. The album followed a struggle to get a record deal and maintain a stable line-up.
Apex Community Park is a public, urban park in Apex, North Carolina. Located on the eastern end of Apex, Apex Community Park is bordered by Laura Duncan Road on the West and Lake Pine Drive on the East.
The 160 acre park contains numerous soccer fields, a baseball complex with batting cages, as well as volleyball, tennis and basketball courts. One basketball court is fenced for roller hockey. 
100-person and 50-person picnic shelters are available at the back of the park before the lake trail head.  In addition, playgrounds, and hiking trails are also centered around the 50 acre lake. The lake is open to fishing, kayaking, and other non-motor watercraft.
Niantjila is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Dioila in the Koulikoro Region of southern Mali.
After 42 years of service as a commissioned officer, Armistead died in New Market, Virginia at the age of 72, and is buried in the Armistead family cemetery in Upperville.
His brother George Armistead commanded Fort McHenry during the Battle of Baltimore in the War of 1812. The attack became immortalized by onlooker Francis Scott Key who penned "The Star-Spangled Banner" while watching the British bombardment of Armistead's fort.
His son Lewis Addison Armistead was a Confederate general who died during Pickett's Charge at the Battle of Gettysburg in 1863.
This article contains public domain text from "Colonel Walker Keith Armistead". Portraits and Profiles of Chief Engineers. Archived from the original on April 4, 2005. Retrieved May 13, 2005.
This Osaka Prefecture railroad station-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
After the fall of Alexandria the 89th embarked on board Lord Keith's fleet on a secret expedition, the destination of which was supposed to be Brazil; but on reaching Malta peace was found to have been declared, and the regiment returned to Ireland. After attaining his majority in the 89th Le Mesurier retired on half-pay.
Le Mesurier married in 1804 Martha, daughter of Alderman Peter Pochard of London, a native of Guernsey, and had one son, in holy orders, the author of some devotional works.
This article related to a location in Belgaum taluk, Belgaum district, Karnataka, India is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Morton composes and fuses a wide variety of musical genres, ranging from dance to hip hop, soul and ambient, among various other genres. His approach to film scoring bridges the worlds of modern electronic production and more traditional melodic orchestral composing.
Morton graduated from the Berklee College of Music in Boston, where he studied film scoring and production/engineering. Afterwards, he moved to Los Angeles, California to pursue a career in the film and music industries as a staff writer for Universal Music.
Some of the most notable films and television series for which Morton has been a composer and sound producer:
This article about a location in the province of Granada is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Besides his occasional conquests, he consistently held Iraq from Tikrit to the Persian Gulf without interruption. His long reign of forty-seven years is chiefly marked by ambitious and corrupt dealings with the Tartar chiefs, and by his hazardous invocation of the Mongols, which so soon brought his own dynasty to an end. But in his day, there was comparative peace at Baghdad; learning flourished; while refuges for the poor, and other works of public interest, were encouraged.
Al-Nasir was the son of Caliph al-Mustadi and a Turkish umm walad called Zumurrud (Emerald). His reign was unusual for the rise of the futuwwa groups in his reign, connected to Baghdad's long-standing ayyarun. These urban social groups had long existed in Baghdad and elsewhere, and they were often involved in urban conflicts, especially sectarian riots. Al-Nasir made them into an instrument of his government, reorganizing them along Sufi lines and ideology.
In the early years of his caliphate, his goal was to crush the Seljuq power and replace it with his own. He incited rebellion against the Seljuq Sultan of Persia, Toghrul III. The Khwarezm Shah, Ala ad-Din Tekish, at his instigation, attacked the Seljuq forces, and defeated them in 1194; Toghrul was killed and his head exposed in the caliph's palace. Tekish, recognized now as supreme ruler of the East, bestowed on the caliph certain provinces of Persia that had been held by the Seljuqs.
The caliph soon found Genghis Khan to be quite threatening. The steppes of Central Asia were set in motion by Genghis Khan, and his hordes put to flight the Khwarizm Shah, who died an exile in an island of the Caspian.
Al-Nasir spent his last three years paralysed and nearly blind. He suffered from dysentery for twenty days and then died. He was succeeded by his son Al-Zahir in the year 1225 as the thirty-fifth Abbasid Caliph.
Suasa was an ancient Roman town in what is now the comune of Castelleone di Suasa, Marche, Italy. It is located in the Pian Volpello locality, in the valley of the Cesano River.
Suasa was founded by the Romans in the early 3rd century BC after the Battle of Sentinum (295 BC), in a territory inhabited by the Senones. The town was crossed by a secondary branch of the Via Flaminia and by the Via Salaria Gallica, which connected it to Forum Sempronii (Fossombrone) and Ostra. In 232 BC, it became a prefecture and, in the 1st century BC, a municipium.
Suasa started to decline from the 3rd century; in 409, it was sacked by Alarich's Goths during his march against Rome (see Sack of Rome). It was abandoned in the 6th century after the Gothic War, the population moving to nearby settlements.
The remains have been excavated by the University of Bologna since 1987. The edifices found include:
The Suasa archaeological park is an archaeological site in Castelleone di Suasa (province of Ancona, Marche, Italy).
It includes the remains of the ancient town of Suasa, abandoned in the 6th century AD. The site comprises an open-air museum of a Roman house (the Coiedii domus), of great interest because of its size and architectonic complexity.
The domus was inhabited over a long period of time. Its development peaked in the 2nd century AD. The mosaics discovered in the interior are splendid and are the most important unitary complex of the Marches. Mythological, floral, and geometric scenes can be admired, but above all, a magnificent marble floor created with over fifteen different kinds of stone.
Walter L. Davis (born July 2, 1979) is an American athlete competing in the triple jump and occasionally in the long jump. He was born in Lafayette, Louisiana
In the period from July 2012 to 2013, he missed three mandatory drug tests. This resulted in a one-year ban from the sport.
In 2013, Quaedvlieg et al. introduced a new combination for this species: Sphaerulina musiva (Peck) Quaedvlieg, Verkley & Crous, as they found that the type strains of both the genus Mycosphaerella (linked to the anamorph genus Ramularia via Ramularia endophylla) and the genus Septoria (linked to the anamorph genus Septoria, via Septoria cytisi) clustered separately from the clade containing Sphaerulina musiva.
S. musiva can be transmitted in two ways.  The most common is through wind borne spores from infected leaves to new host leaves. The second way is through the transplanting of a cutting of an infected poplar tree.  This is when someone takes new shoots off an existing tree and plants them somewhere else.
If the S. musiva infects as a canker on a poplar tree, it will likely result in branch death.  The presence of the canker weakens the branch itself and often causes it to snap at the site of the canker, releasing the spores. The presence of a canker restricts access to nutrients and water and could result in tree death.[citation needed]
Leaf spots often appear on fallen leaves, relatively circular, with black margins, it appears to look like there is mold growing on the leaf. The leaves will eventually shrivel and blacken, then fall to the ground where the spores will over winter.
Antony and the Johnsons is an American music group presenting the work of Anohni and her collaborators.
Producer Hal Willner heard the EP and played it to Lou Reed, who immediately recruited Hegarty for his project The Raven. Now gaining more attention, Hegarty signed to U.S.-based record label Secretly Canadian, and released another EP, The Lake, with Lou Reed guest-performing on one of the tracks. Secretly Canadian also re-released Hegarty's debut album in the United States to wider distribution in 2004.
The 2007 film about Bob Dylan, I'm Not There, featured their cover of his song "Knockin' On Heaven's Door" on the soundtrack release.
After two sold-out concerts at the Sydney Opera House, Antony and the Johnsons ended their recent touring in February 2010 in Tokyo. Anohni, Johanna Constantine and William Basinski performed at the Sogetsu Hall with butoh master Yoshito Ohno, the son of the 103-year-old dancer Kazuo Ohno, whose image graces the cover of The Crying Light. Kazuo Ohno died in June of that year, and Anohni wrote an obituary for the dancer in The Guardian.
September 2010 saw the release of the Thank You For Your Love EP which includes covers of Dylan's "Pressing On" and Lennon's "Imagine". The Sun listed Thank You For Your Love as single of the week on August 27, 2010.
In tribute to Kazuo Ohno, Antony and the Johnsons performed on October 30, 2010 at Lincoln Center's Avery Fisher Hall with the Orchestra of St. Luke's and featured the film "Mr. O's Book of the Dead" directed by Chiaki Nagano and starring Kazuo Ohno.
In January 2011, Anohni was a guest on Winterguest, a program on Dutch Television's VPRO channel and was interviewed by Leon Verdonschot.
Antony and the Johnsons released a live symphonic album in August 2012 entitled Cut the World; it features a track called "Future Feminism", which consists of a speech in which Anohni disparages patriarchal religions and advocates for a shift towards feminine systems of governance as part of an effort to avert global ecological disaster.
On February 23, 2015, Anohni announced through her Facebook and official site the name of her new album, HOPELESSNESS, although no release date was provided. The album is being mixed and is co-produced by Hudson Mohawke, Oneohtrix Point Never and herself. It would be released under the moniker ANOHNI. It was described as an "electronic record with some sharp teeth".
In June 2015, Antony and the Johnsons performed at Dark Mofo in Tasmania, Australia, as a benefit in support of the Martu people of Parnngurr in Western Australia in their fight to prevent a uranium mine from being developed near their community by Canadian multinational Cameco and Mitsubishi. Anohni appeared with Martu representatives at a press conference at the MCA in Sydney and on ABC's Q&A in further service of this cause.
Y Gwyddonydd ("The Scientist") was a Welsh-language magazine containing articles, reviews, and news items on scientific topics. It was published between 1963 and 1996 by the University of Wales Press.
The magazine has been digitized by the Welsh Journals Online project at the National Library of Wales.
See tips for writing articles about magazines. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.
Charles Rockwell Saxbe (born November 2, 1946) is an attorney in Ohio and former American politician of the Republican Party. He is the son of former U.S. Attorney General and Senator William B. Saxbe.
Saxbe was born to William and Ardath Louise "Dolly" Kleinhans Saxbe in Urbana, Ohio.  He was the youngest of three children and grew up in a small house in nearby Mechanicsburg, Ohio, that his father built.
In 1969, Saxbe earned his bachelor's degree from the Southern Methodist University and then enlisted in the U.S. Marine Corps, where he served as an infantry platoon commander with the First Marine Division during the Vietnam War.  He attained the rank of captain by the time he was honorably discharged.
After serving his country, Saxbe earned his law degree from the Ohio State University Moritz College of Law in 1975.
In 1982, he was the Republican nominee for Ohio Attorney General, losing to Anthony J. Celebrezze Jr. by nearly 2 to 1 (2,036,243 to 1,203,797).
Saxbe is currently 'Partner-in-Charge' of the Columbus office of Taft Stettinius & Hollister LLP, a law firm based in Cincinnati, Ohio.  Previously, he was the co-managing partner of Chester, Willcox & Saxbe, LLP, a law firm based in Columbus, Ohio.  He was also on the Board of Trustees of Central State University in Wilberforce, Ohio.
On 6 March, Montgomery wrote to General Sir Alan Brooke, the Chief of the Imperial General Staff (the professional head of the British Army):
He is trying to attack me in daylight with tanks, followed by lorried infantry. I have 500 6pdr atk guns dug in...I have 400 tanks...good infantry...and a great weight of artillery. It is an absolute gift, and the man must be mad.
Allied plans for the attack on the Mareth Line continued virtually undisturbed. On 17 March, the II US Corps began Operation Wop (sic), an attack towards Gafsa, the Eighth Army began the preliminary Operation Walk and Operation Canter and then began Operation Pugilist, the Battle of the Mareth Line on 19 March.
Oceaniserpentilla haliotis is a Gram-negative and aerobic which has been isolated from the haemolymph serum of the sea snail Haliotis rubra from Tasmania in Australia. Oceaniserpentilla haliotis has the ability to degrade crude oil. It is the only species in the genus Oceaniserpentilla.
USS S-6 (SS-111) was a second-group (S-3 or "Government") S-class submarine of the United States Navy. Her keel was laid down on 29 January 1918 by the Portsmouth Navy Yard. She was launched on 23 December 1919 sponsored by Ms. Eleanor Westcott; and commissioned on 17 May 1920 with Lieutenant Commander George B. Junkin in command.
This article incorporates text from the public domain Dictionary of American Naval Fighting Ships. The entry can be found here.
Joe Rogan Questions Everything was SyFy's most watched reality premiere in more than five months, averaging 1.3 million total viewers.
In the episode "RoboSapien" Joe Rogan interviews Ray Kurzweil with comedian Duncan Trussell appearing as a co-host.
The Coroner's Court of the Australian Capital Territory is a court which has exclusive jurisdiction over the remains of a person and the power to make findings in respect of the cause of death of a person or fire in Australian Capital Territory.
The office of coroner in the territory derives from the legal framework inherited from the United Kingdom.
Where a serious criminal offence has been disclosed during the course of an inquest, the coroner cannot proceed with it if a person is to be charged with that criminal offence. The coroner stops the inquest and refers the matter to the Director of Public Prosecutions for consideration and investigation. This changes the early colonial practice of coroners directly committing persons suspected of serious crimes directly for trial.
Supreme Court of the Australian Capital Territory has a supervisory role over the court, and may review, quash or direct inquests.
In certain situations, the Attorney General may direct the Chief Coroner to conduct cause an inquiry to be held into a disaster in the territory.
All magistrates are coroners by virtue of their appointment. The Chief Coroner may appoint a special magistrate as a coroner.
The Chief Magistrate of the Australian Capital Territory is the Chief Coroner for the territory. The Chief Coroner has the function to oversee and co-ordinate coronial services in the territory, ensure that all deaths and suspected deaths concerning which a coroner has jurisdiction to hold an inquest are properly investigated, and ensuring that an inquest is held whenever it is required, and to issue guidelines to coroners to assist them in the exercise or performance of their functions.
Coroners must investigate the manner and cause of death for persons who die or may have died in certain circumstances. This includes people who:
Coroners can then either decide to waive a hearing where it is not necessary or decide to hold a public hearing.
In 2006, INCITE! published an anthology of writings that reflect their politics entitled, Color of Violence: The INCITE! Anthology, published by South End Press.  In 2007, they also published an anthology entitled, The Revolution Will Not Be Funded: Beyond The Non-Profit Industrial Complex, published by South End Press. The Revolution Will Not Be Funded was awarded the Gustavus Myers 2007 Outstanding Book Award.
Ahmed El Maghrabi, born  1945 in Egypt, is an Egyptian businessman and politician from the National Democratic Party.
Maghrabi holds a degree in Engineering from Cairo University and another in Chemical Engineering from North Carolina University as well as an MBA from Columbia University.
In early February 2011 Maghrabi was accused, along with his cousins, of profiteering, wasting public money and seizing state land following a cabinet purge by then President Hosni Mubarak as part of a series of trials following the Egyptian revolution and held in Tora Prison. He was cleared of corruption charges in 2012 (overturning an earlier verdict) and 2013, but remained in custody due to additional charges. His 2013 acquittal was appealed by the prosecution, but upheld in 2015.
This biographical article related to a football defender from Saudi Arabia is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
After Pisarenko was caught with Aleksandr Kurlovich in possession of steroids by the Canadian customs in 1985, he was given a lifetime ban by the Soviet Weight Lifting Federation.
This biographical article relating to Soviet association football is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This biographical article related to a Russian association football defender born in the 1940s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Davies returned to his legal practice, and gradually restored his reputation through community service. He died in November 1912.
This biographical article related to association football in Germany, about a defender born in the 1910s, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Construction was commissioned by 1678 by Giovanni Leoni Montanari, a wealthy merchant in fabrics, who aspired entry into nobility. The architects are unknown, but the Borrella firm from Vicenza, and the Lombard architect Giuseppe Marchi, are implicated in its design.
The interior decoration recruited the Lombardese Paracca family as stucco workers and painters, the Tyrolese painter Giuseppe Alberti; the French painter Louis Dorigny; and the Bassanese sculptor Angelo Marinali.
In 1808, the palace was bought by Count Girolamo Egidio di Velo, an amateur collector of Greek and Roman antiques. The main-floor was redecorated with stuccos and frescos in the neoclassical style. By 1908 the palace was property of a Bank. During the late 1970s, the palace underwent restoration.
The art galleries of the museum contain a select collection of Russian icons and of paintings mainly by Venetian trained artists of the 18th century such as  Francesco Albotto; Canaletto; Carlevarijs; the brothers Francesco and Giacomo Guardi; Pietro Longhi; Bartolomeo Pedon; Giovanni Antonio Pellegrini; the studio of Marco Ricci; Francesco Zuccarelli; and father and son: Giovanni Battista and Gian Domenico Tiepolo.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Czechoslovakia refers to the foreign affairs ministry which was responsible for representing internationally Czechoslovakia during its existence, from 1918 to 1992.
The New Year Honours 1964 were appointments in many of the Commonwealth realms of Queen Elizabeth II to various orders and honours to reward and highlight good works by citizens of those countries. They were announced on 1 January 1964 to celebrate the year passed and mark the beginning of 1964. 
Brigadier Charles Chambers Fowell Spry, C.B.E., D.S.O., of Canberra, Australian Capital Territory. For distinguished public service.
Hachiville (Luxembourgish: Helzen, German: Helzingen) is a village in the commune of Wincrange, in northern Luxembourg.  As of 2005[update], the village has a population of 181.
Hachiville was a commune in the canton of Clervaux until 1 January 1978, when it was merged with the communes of Asselborn, Boevange, and Oberwampach to form the new commune of Wincrange.  The law creating Wincrange was passed on 31 October 1977.
The name Hachiville[citation needed] appears for the first time in a charter in the year 1130. It is believed, however, that the site has been inhabited since Celtic times and that it was occupied by the Romans. The village's greatest fame lies in its celebrated hermitage, which is probably located on an ancient Celtic place of worship.
The hermitage itself has also been honored with a stamp. A watercolor depiction of the restored chapel was featured in a stamp set in 1989.
This biographical article related to association football in Switzerland, about a forward, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Craig Taylor James (born May 5, 1941) is an American politician and lawyer from Florida. He served two terms in the United States Congress representing Florida's 4th Congressional district from 1989 to 1993.
James was born in Augusta, Richmond County, Georgia on May 5, 1941. He graduated from DeLand High School in DeLand, Florida in 1959. He graduated from the University of Florida with an Associate of Arts in 1961. He graduated from Stetson University with a Bachelor of Science in 1963 and Juris Doctor in 1967. 
He practiced law in DeLand from 1967 to 1971. From 1971 to 1975 he served as Commissioner of the DeLand Housing Authority.[citation needed]
From 1989 to 1993, as a Republican he represented the Florida's 4th congressional district in Congress. He did not seek reelection and continued to practice law in DeLand.
Currently he resides in DeLand, Florida. He is a partner and founding member of James & Zimmerman, P.L. in DeLand.
Odin was built at Karljohansvern naval shipyard in Horten with yard number 126, and was launched on 24 January 1939.
After the outbreak of the Second World War, Odin formed part of the 3rd destroyer section in the Kristiansand Defence Sector of the 1st Naval District.
After the German capture of Kristiansand Odin was handed over to the Kriegsmarine on 11 April and officially entered service as Panther on 20 April. However, before entering the Kriegsmarine she was partially rebuilt and rearmed. During the remainder of the war she operated in Skagerrak and Kattegat as an escort and training ship, in 1940 forming the 7. Torpedobootsflottille together with Gyller, and from January 1942 as a torpedo recovery vessel in Gotenhafen.
After the end of the Second World War Panther/Odin was recovered in Holmestrand, Norway, May 1945 and returned to the Royal Norwegian Navy. After three more years in Norway as a destroyer Odin was converted to a frigate in 1948. Odin and her sister ships was phased out and sold for scrapping in 1959
Bloodworth is an English surname derived from Blidworth in Nottinghamshire. Notable people with the surname include:
Every year a fair is organised in honour of Kara Kasim, an Amir of Mahmud of Ghazni, who, traveling in western India, early in the fourteenth century, was killed by the Samma Rajputs then reigning in Cutch State. The fair, beginning on the first Monday of Chaitra Vad (April -May) and lasting five days, is under the supervision of Pir Shah Murad of Mundra. People offers cash, cocoanuts, cloth, goats, sheep, sweetmeats, and dates to his tomb during the fair.
The Little Fool is a 1921 American silent drama film directed by Phil Rosen and starring Milton Sills, Frances Wadsworth and Nigel Barrie.
This article about an extraterrestrial geological feature is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Joyce Borenstein is a Canadian director and animator. Borenstein worked extensively in the independent animation field in the 1970s before joining the National Film Board of Canada in the 1980s, culminating in her best known work: the short animated documentary The Colours of My Father: A Portrait of Sam Borenstein (1992) about her father, painter Sam Borenstein, which was nominated for an Academy Award for best short documentary at the 65th Academy Awards.
Joyce Borenstein was born in Montreal, Quebec. She is the daughter of Sam and Judith Borenstein, both painters whose respective works feature in her films The Colours of My Father: A Portrait of Sam Borenstein and Mother's Colours (2011). She received her Bachelor of Arts in piano performance at McGill University in 1971, and later received her Masters in Film Animation at the California Institute of the Arts in 1974.
The Petit Col Ferret (or Col du Petit Ferret) is an Alpine pass between the canton of Valais and the Aosta Valley.
Jim Liddell was an English footballer who played in the Hong Kong First Division League for Hong Kong Rangers FC as goalkeeper between 1973 and 1976.
This biographical article related to Hong Kong association football is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Das Sprachenatelier Berlin - Institute for languages, art and culture was founded as both a language school and a studio, a place where intercultural encounters and creative exchange are combined in the context of language learning.
In addition to German language courses and courses in more than forty foreign languages, festivals, film evenings, readings, concerts, exhibitions, workshops, political discussions and seminars are also organised. The institute offers sufficient space for artists and creatives to organise events and reach a broad audience. Numerous performances, plays, film showings, dance and theatre workshops as well as all forms of exhibitions have taken place at the Sprachenatelier in the past.
Sprachenatelier's spaces are regularly used for political information and discussion forums with experts from many countries. Additionally, every year - besides the regular various language courses, there is always a broad offer of cultural events all students of the Sprachenatelier can join.
The World is not my Village, an open forum for the discussion of themes such as globalisation, migration and environment, with a focus on people and their realm of experience.
Kulturmittwoch is weekly, extracurricular cultural programme. Museum visits, neighbourhood walks, lectures or film showings offer an insight into German culture as well as the chance to put German language skills into practice and make new contacts.
Perittia nephele is a moth in the family Elachistidae. It was described by Lauri Kaila in 2000. It is found in Argentina.
Paul John Flowers FRSA FRGS (born 5 June 1950) is an English local politician and former Methodist minister. He is a former Labour councillor in Rochdale and Bradford, and was non-executive chairman of the Co-operative Bank.
Several newspapers reported allegations that he communicated with rent boys using his work email account while he was in charge of the Co-operative Bank, and was convicted of carrying out a sex act in a public toilet more than 30 years ago.
Flowers was born in Portsmouth and brought up in Eastleigh, going to Barton Peveril School. From 1972 he studied for a Bachelor of Arts degree in theology, graduating from the University of Bristol in 1975. He then obtained a post-graduate diploma at the University of Geneva. Early in his career he worked for four years in banking, gaining part 1 and half of his part 2 Institute of Bankers qualification.
On 21 November 2013 he was suspended indefinitely by the church. In early summer 2014 he left Bradford to live in Greater Manchester. He ceased to be in 'Full Connexion' (that is, on the list of authorised ministers) with the Methodist Church of Great Britain in January 2017, following the conclusion of a disciplinary process which found him guilty of 'seriously impairing the mission, witness or integrity of the church'.
Flowers' career progressed through the democratic structures of United Co-operatives, becoming a member of its board following election via United's Yorkshire Regional Committee. In 2008, following United's merger with The Co-operative Group in 2007, he joined the board of the Co-op Group, and was later made its deputy chairman. He resigned from the Group board and all subsidiary positions in June 2013, after his enforced resignation from Co-op Bank that month.
Flowers testified to the Treasury Select Committee in November 2013 that the Britannia merger and other deals were undertaken under pressure from senior government ministers.
In March 2018 Flowers was banned from the financial services industry by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) for having used his work email for sexually explicit messages and to discuss illegal drugs, and his work mobile phone to call premium rate chat lines. The FCA said he had "demonstrated a lack of fitness and propriety required to work in financial services" and consumers would lose faith in the industry if he was allowed to continue in it.
In the 1970s Flowers was vice-chairman of Eastleigh Labour Party, and contested Bishop's Waltham in Hampshire county council elections in 1981.
Flowers unsuccessfully stood for selection in 1985 as the Labour candidate to contest the Coventry South East parliamentary seat, supported by branches of his union as a former bank worker, the General, Municipal, Boilermakers and Allied Trade Union. He described himself as "towards the centre" politically in this campaign.
In the Rochdale council election of 1988 he gained a seat in the Smallbridge and Wardleworth ward, holding it until 1992. Flowers was vice-chairman of Rochdale Council's social services committee at the time of a Satanic abuse scandal, and was responsible for rejecting allegations of child sex abuse against the late MP Cyril Smith.
He then moved to Bradford, serving for 10 years on the city council. He resigned his seat in Great Horton in September 2011, because of his "increased responsibilities as Co-op Bank's chairman." In light of the 2013 drugs scandal, Bradford City Council revealed that, in 2011, "Inappropriate but not illegal adult content was found on a council computer handed in by Councillor Flowers for servicing. This was put to him and he resigned immediately."
In 2010 he was appointed by new Labour Party leader Ed Miliband to the party's finance and industry advisory board. On 6 March 2013 as part of his membership of the group, Labour leader Ed Miliband met Flowers to discuss UK banking reform.
Flowers has been involved with a large number of charities, including being a trustee of both the Terrence Higgins Trust and, between 1992 and 2004, the Lifeline project, which worked in the field of alcohol and drug abuse. Following the scandal of November 2013, the Lifeline project stated that at the time of his resignation he was under investigation following alleged submission of false expenses claims, with the matter having then been referred to the Charity Commission.
In the 1980s he was vice-chairman of the West Midlands Citizens Advice Bureau. Flowers has been a member of the Advertising Standards Authority, and was vice chair of the National Association of Citizens Advice Bureau.
Flowers was immediately suspended by the Methodist Church for three weeks (later extended to indefinite suspension) pending further investigation, and suspended as a member of the Labour Party. Flowers in a statement said:
This year has been incredibly difficult, with a death in the family and the pressures of my role with the Co-operative Bank. At the lowest point in this terrible period, I did things that were stupid and wrong. I am sorry for this, and I am seeking professional help, and apologise to all I have hurt or failed by my actions
Co-operative Group chairman Len Wardle, who had been part of the committee which had selected Flowers and was scheduled to retire in May 2014, resigned in light of the revelations. He was replaced by Ursula Lidbetter, Co-op Group's deputy chair and chief executive of the Lincolnshire Co-operative Society.
David Cameron announced in the House of Commons that he would be setting up inquiries to determine how Flowers had come to be appointed chairman of the Co-op Bank.
Allium carmeli  is a species of flowering plant in the Amaryllidaceae family. It is found in Israel, Palestine, Syria and Lebanon. It is a bulb-forming perennial with pink flowers.
The Media Dispatch Protocol (MDP) was developed by the Pro-MPEG Media Dispatch Group to provide an open standard for secure, automated, and tapeless delivery of audio, video and associated data files. Such files typically range from low resolution content for the web to HDTV and high-resolution digital intermediate files for cinema production.
MDP is essentially a middleware protocol that decouples the technical details of how delivery occurs from the business logic that requires delivery. For example, a TV post-production company might have a contract to deliver a programme to a broadcaster.  An MDP agent allows users be able to deal with company and programme names, rather than with filenames and network endpoints. It can also provide a delivery service as part of a service oriented architecture.
MDP acts as a communication layer between business logic and low-level file transfer mechanisms, providing a way to securely communicate and negotiate transfer-specific metadata about file packages, delivery routing, deadlines, and security information, and to manage and coordinate file transfers in progress, whilst hooking all this information to project, company and job identifiers.
MDP works by implementing a 'dispatch transaction' layer by which means agents negotiate and agree the details of the individual file transfers required for the delivery, and control, monitor and report on the progress of the transfers. At the heart of the protocol is the 'Manifest' - an XML document that encapsulates the information about the transaction.
MDP is based on existing open technologies such as XML, HTTP and TLS. The protocol is specified in a layered way to allow the adoption of new technologies (e.g. Web Services protocols such as SOAP and WSDL) as required.
Since early 2005, multiple implementations based on draft versions of the Media Dispatch Protocol have been in use, both for technical testing, and, since April 2005, for real-world production work. The experience with these implementations, both at the engineering level, and at the practical production level, has been rolled into the 1.0rcX specification. 
Media Dispatch Protocol (MDP) has been standardized by a SMPTE Working Group under the S22 Committee. This work has been published as SMPTE 2032-1-2007 (MDP specification), 2032-2-2007 (MDP/XML/HTTP mapping specification) and 2032-3-2007 (MDP Target pull profile specification). MDP is also supported by SMPTE Engineering Guideline EG 2032-4-2007 covering the use of MDP.
ABC TV, formerly known as ABC1, is an Australian national public television network. It is owned and operated by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation, and is the flagship ABC Television network. The headquarters of ABC TV channel and the ABC are in Ultimo, an inner-city suburb of Sydney, New South Wales. 
Direct television relays between Sydney, Melbourne and Canberra were established in 1961, and in 1963, using microwave transmission as a temporary measure, television programs from Adelaide were viewed simultaneously across the four eastern capitals. Videotape equipment, allowing the sharing of footage with much greater ease and speed, was installed in each state capital by 1962.
On 7 March 2005 a new digital channel called ABC2 (now ABC TV Plus) was launched, according to then Director of ABC New Media and Digital Services Lynley Marshall, "like the 'younger sibling' of ABC main channel", running on a very low budget. A large amount of its schedule was dedicated to regional issues, with programmes such as Australia Wide, Landline and Stateline.
At midday on 8 February 2008 ABC TV was re-branded as ABC1, with the standard-definition redirect channel moved from LCN22 to LCN2. Further cementing the change in identity was the change from the slogan There's more to television to It begins with 1. After concerns in some sections of the media that the 43-year-old Lissajous curve brand was to disappear completely, ABC management reaffirmed that it would remain in use by the corporation.
On 6 February 2011, ABC1 launched its new branding via idents featuring a range of channel personalities, including the face of the channel Adam Hills, with the new tagline "ThinkEntertainment". A new watermark is also aired with a single "1" above the network's famous Lissajous curve logo.
On 10 December 2013, ABC stopped broadcasting on analogue TV and is now only available through digital TV or digital set-top box.[citation needed]
ABC is required by charter to meet certain programming obligations. Although it has a strong focus on news and current affairs, it also presents documentaries and educational programmes, drama, light entertainment comedy and variety, and sports.
ABC News, broadcast on ABC, is a national news service produced by the News, Analysis & Investigations division of the Australian Broadcasting Corporation.
Other flagship programmes, which include the weeknightly 7.30 and the weekly Four Corners, Australian Story and Foreign Correspondent, are broadcast in prime-time. Landline, Insiders, Offsiders, Media Watch cover rural, political and business, sport and media affairs respectively.
The ABC HD multi-channel was launched on 1 January 2008. The service provided a 720p simulcast of ABN Sydney nationwide. The channel was closed on 22 July 2010 and its HD channel space was re-purposed for the ABC News channel. ABC HD was relaunched on 6 December 2016 as a simulcast of ABC, localised to each state, reducing the news channel to SD.
Most ABC TV programmes are also available on demand via ABC iview, a video-on-demand and catch-up TV service which became available on 24 July 2008. 
In the early years, ABC TV had been using Lissajous curves with its initials, ABC TV, inside it as fillers in-between programmes. A staff competition was conducted in July 1963 to create a new logo for the whole of the ABC. Bill Kennard, who was senior graphic designer at the ABC, came up with the winning design. On 1 May 1964, the logo was officially adopted by the ABC.
The basic logo has been adapted and modified several times over the years, for its flagship television channel as well as other channels introduced in the 2000s, radio, ABC Online, ABC iview and other corporate products and equipment.
The tournament used two lists for seeding the women's singles event; one for U.S. players and one for foreign players. Maureen Connolly is the champion; others show in brackets the round in which they were eliminated.
Seychelles competed in the Olympic Games for the first time at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, USSR.
Later that year, Rocha received a call from friend Benjamin Harper, lead guitarist for Yellowcard, and was asked to join Craig's Brother (Tooth and Nail, Takeover Records) on rhythm guitar/vocals for an upcoming tour supporting Yellowcard, The Starting Line and The Matches. The tour lasted two and half weeks going through the northeast US and Canada.  This was Rocha's last involvement in music on a professional level for many years.
In 2010, Bear Cub played sold-out shows in Pittsburgh, quickly selling thousands of copies of their first two albums, S/T and Always Be Down. Eventually, the band decided to move to Nashville.  Moving the band proved to be a bad judgement as Bear Cub was only able to flourish for a small amount of time before eventually disbanding.  Rocha left Bear Cub in the summer of 2011, during which time the band was writing and recording their third album, Good Morning, Every Morning.
At the same time Rocha continued developing his ear in the recording studio working with local artists in South Florida and building the instruments and tools that became The Kitchen Recording Studio in Oakland Park, Florida, which is where Rocha is currently Chief Engineer/Producer.
Rocha is currently working with a multitude of artists in South Florida covering a broad range of genres from Blues to R&B, and Punk Rock to Rap.  He joined Askultura as lead guitarist/backup vocalist and quit the band during their summer 2016 Supernova Tour.
"In Your Footsteps" is the seventh episode of the fourth season of the American animated television series Adventure Time. The episode was written and storyboarded by Tom Herpich and Skyler Page, from a story by Patrick McHale, Kent Osborne, and Pendleton Ward. It originally aired on Cartoon Network on April 30, 2012. The episode guest stars Eric Bauza as a bear and features Ward voicing the Lich-possessed snail.
The episode's ending sets up the fourth season finale "The Lich". Other fourth season episodes were supposed to have had similar kinds of hints sprinkled throughout that also set up the season for the finale, although this did not come to pass. The episode received largely positive critical reviews and ranked as the number one telecast in its timeslot among kids aged 2 to 11, and in all boy demographics, according to Nielsen ratings
While partying with Princess Bubblegum and her subjects in the woods, Finn and Jake meet a friendly bear (voiced by Eric Bauza) who follows them home. The creature begins to copy everything that Finn does; Finn finds the behavior amusing, but Jake finds it creepy. Later that night, Jake discovers the bear, dressed as Finn, copying his mannerisms and sayings; Jake thus concludes that the creature is trying to replace Finn. However, he is unable to prove it to Finn.
The ending of the episode sets up the fourth season finale "The Lich". Herpich noted that there were originally supposed to have been other episodes peppered throughout the season that would have hinted at the finale, but in the end, only the denouement of this episode suggested what was to come. The Lich-possessed Snail was voiced by Ward.
"In Your Footsteps" aired on Cartoon Network on May 7, 2012. The episode ranked as the number one telecast in its timeslot among kids aged 2 to 11, and in all boy demographics, according to Nielsen ratings. The episode first saw physical release as part of the complete fourth season DVD in October 2014.
Mike Lechevaillier of Slate magazine, in a review of the fourth season, called the episode "charming", and applauded the exploration of Jake's character. He compared the episode favorably to the third season installment "No One Can Hear You" in terms of its focus on "Jake's slippery sanity", and he applauded DiMaggio's voice acting, writing that his "delivery of Jake's panic-stricken sessions is a true testament to the actor's degree of successive theatrical refinement.
For a summary of the major tournaments and events of 2005, including the major championships and the World Golf Championships, see 2005 in golf.
Changes from the 2004 season included five new tournaments: the Volvo China Open and TCL Classic in China, making a total of five events in the country, the Indonesia Open, the New Zealand Open and the Abama Open de Canarias, as the tour retained a stop in the Canary Islands. The ANZ Championship, Open de Sevilla and The Heritage were lost from the schedule.
In 2005, the European Tour's money list was known as the "Order of Merit". It was calculated in euro, although around half of the events had prize funds which were fixed in other currencies, mostly either British pounds or U.S. dollars. In these instances the amounts were converted into euro at the exchange rate for the week that the tournament was played. The top 10 golfers in 2005 were:
The castle in Forchheim (German: Burg in Forchheim), also referred to as a royal palace or Kaiserpfalz, was an important urban castle under the bishops of Bamberg in the town of Forchheim  in the south German state of Bavaria. The castle was built in the late 14th century. After comprehensive archaeological and architectural-historical investigation it has become one of the best researched castles of this period in Central Europe. Today it houses the Archaeological Museum of Upper Franconia.
Large parts of the main house and the courtyard buildings go back to the 14th century. The eastern part of the main house is joined to the courtyard buildings on the west side by walls and timber-framed passageways. The two upper storeys of the northwest wing have also been executed in a simple, timber-framed style as far as the castle courtyard.
The addition of a modern, steel and glass staircase and lift tower in the north of the east wing has been highly controversial. This feature was needed to turn the castle into a museum.
The East Wing of the castle is divided into two parts by a transverse wall running the width of the building. The north part is somewhat larger than the south part. The barrel-roofed cellar goes back to the 14th century. The ceilings of the two halls on the ground floor are borne on sandstone columns. 
On the second floor of the northern end of the wing is also a twin-aisled, flat-ceiling hall with a wooden centre beam. The architectural paintings were done by Jakob Ziegler in the years 1559/60. The south room is likewise a two-aisled hall. The flat ceiling is supported on an octagonal centre frame. The murals, of various themes, were also created by Jakob Ziegler. One of the paintings shows Saints Henry II and Cunigunde with the model of Bamberg Cathedral (drawn in 1599, south wall).
The third floor was conceived as a storage area and currently serves as a museum depot. The old staircase tower hides a stone circular staircase which opens into the northern part of the east wing.
The West Wing, the former side wing, acts as offices for the castle museums. No significant historical interior features have survived here.
"Natalie Don't" is a song by British singer-songwriter Raye released on 10 July 2020 as the third single from her debut mini-album, Euphoric Sad Songs. The track was written by Raye, John Blanda and John Hill and produced by the two latter. An accompanying music video was released alongside the song on 10 July 2020.
A music video directed by Fiona Jane Burgess was premiered alongside the single's release on 10 July 2020. The video consists of Raye in a pink, vintage bedroom acting out her own guide of how to get over a relationship.
Mark Savage of BBC News expressed similar praises stating that the track was "a funky, modern successor to [Dolly] Parton's classic, [Jolene].
Parotis fallacialis is a moth in the family Crambidae. It was described by Snellen in 1890. It is found in India (Sikkim).
Richmond Art Center is a nonprofit arts organization based in Richmond, California, founded in 1936.
In 1936, Richmond-resident Hazel Salmi began teaching classes under the Emergency Education Program (EEP) of the Works Progress Administration (WPA). In 1938, the City of Richmond granted Salmi an old Health Department building to use for classes and exhibitions. Early classes included outdoor sketching, block printing, flower arrangement, color, woodcarving, and leather tooling.
Richmond Art Center's new facility opened in 1951. Hazel Salmi was director at Richmond Art Center until 1960.
The 2020 board members are: Patricia Guthrie, President; Sarah Antonich, Vice President; Jacelyn Robinso, Treasurer; Roshni Kavate; Danny Aarons; Donna Brorby; Marguerite Thompson Browne; Philip Linhares; Stephen Nomura; Carlos Privat; Owen Serra; and James Wheeler.
In 2020, COVID-19 shelter-in-place orders temporarily closed Richmond Art Center's facility to the public and the organization launched online arts instruction.
Victor Kunonga (born October 25, 1974) is a Zimbabwean award-winning Afro-jazz singer and songwriter. Though having come to light in 2004, Victor quickly rose to fame with his first two albums and was a household name by 2007.
Victor Kunonga was born in Zimbabwe's Shurugwi but grew up in the rural area of Hwedza. Victor's family later moved to live in the country's second largest city of Bulawayo and later to the capital city Harare, where he discovered his dormant musical talent.
Victor derives inspiration from the masters of Zimbabwean music namely Oliver Mtukudzi, Thomas Mapfumo, Louis Mhlanga, Chiwoniso Maraire and from general traditional rhythms. Through working with non-governmental organisations, Victor has been vocal in fighting social ills such as gender-based violence and drug abuse.
His first album released in 2004, became a hit based on the songs "Maidarirei", "Ndanyengetedzwa namai" and "Tigere".
The album sold very well and music video for "Maidarirei" also did very well on Zimbabwean TV music video charts. "Such is Life: Ndanyengetedzwa" song list:
On Victor's second album, "Uyo", released in 2006, big names in Afro-Jazz appeared, this includes celebrated drummer, Sam Mataure, female jazz vocalist Prudence Katomeni, bassist Kelly Rusike, keyboardist Manasa Mujawo, Guitarist Zivanai Masango, percussionist Adam Chisvo, Richie Lopez on saxophone. His second offering made an equally big success on Zimbabwean music charts and is still very much popular to date. "Uyo" Song list:
George K. Ilsley (born 1958) is a Canadian writer. He has published a collection of short stories, Random Acts of Hatred, which focuses on the lives of gay and bisexual men from childhood to early adulthood, and a novel, ManBug. His new memoir is The Home Stretch: A Father, a Son, and All the Things They Never Talk About (2020, Arsenal Pulp Press).
Originally from the Annapolis Valley in Nova Scotia, he has since been based in Vancouver, British Columbia. Prior to launching his career as a writer, he studied law, but decided not to become a lawyer. His writing has also appeared in the anthologies Queeries, Contra/Diction and First Person Queer, and in the literary magazines The Church-Wellesley Review, Event, Prairie Fire and Plenitude.
ManBug was a shortlisted finalist for the ReLit Award for Fiction in 2007. Ilsley was awarded an Honour of Distinction citation by the Writers' Trust of Canada's Dayne Ogilvie Grant in 2010, and his 2014 piece "Bingo and Black Ice" won subTerrain magazine's Lush Triumphant Award for creative non-fiction in 2014.
The first part of the name of the village comes from the River Isle, which separates the parish from Isle Abbotts and the second from the family of William Brewer (Briwere) who were the lords of the manor in the early 13th century.
The village falls within the Non-metropolitan district of South Somerset, which was formed on 1 April 1974 under the Local Government Act 1972, having previously been part of Langport Rural District. The district council is responsible for local planning and building control, local roads, council housing, environmental health, markets and fairs, refuse collection and recycling, cemeteries and crematoria, leisure services, parks, and tourism.
Somerset County Council is responsible for running the largest and most expensive local services such as education, social services, libraries, main roads, public transport, policing and  fire services, trading standards, waste disposal and strategic planning.
It is also part of the Yeovil county constituency represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It elects one Member of Parliament (MP) by the first past the post system of election.
The Anglican parish church of All Saints was built in 1861 by Charles Edmund Giles. The original Church of All Saints stood near the Domesday mill, and the current building was funded by the vicar Joseph Wolff, a Jewish Christian missionary of German ancestry who converted to Catholicism, before being ordained in the Anglican church. He later died in the village.
The Thai authorities have a policy of not officially acknowledging the existence of controversial WikiLeaks cables, and so did not comment on #thaistory, but Thanong Khanthong, managing editor of the generally pro-establishment Nation newspaper, claimed it was part of an international plot to destabilise Thailand.
Marshall has done extensive research into the mysterious shooting of Ananda Mahidol, King Rama VIII of Thailand, on 9 June 1946. He argues that the evidence overwhelmingly suggests Bhumibol Adulyadej killed his brother, probably accidentally, and this was covered up to enable Bhumibol to become king.
On 11 November 2014 Thai police chief General Somyot Poompanmuang announced that the book had been banned in Thailand. Violators of the ban were liable to a prison term of up to three years and/or a fine of up to 60,000 baht. "The content insults, defames and threatens Thailand's monarchy," Somyot said in a statement. "The book is a danger to national security and peaceful and orderly society."
Marshall reported the death of Thai King Bhumibol Adulyadej on 13 October 2016, several hours before the official announcement by the royal palace. He was the first journalist in the world to break the news.
In 1989, tens of thousands of Georgians gathered before the House of Government on Rustaveli Avenue. An attack by the Soviet Spetsnaz forces killed many protesters in the April 9 tragedy.
The thoroughfare is served by the Tbilisi Metro and buses. It is one metro stop away from another historical artery of Tbilisi, Agmashenebeli Avenue
Nannamoria amicula is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae, the volutes.
Brian graduated from medical school at Duke University and served in the Army Medical Corps in Vietnam.
Brian then turned to business and in 1980 established his own company, Biotech Capital, a venture capital firm that invested in companies developing medical technology.  Biotech later shifted its focus to news and information services, acquiring interest in the Financial News Network (FNN) and changing the name Biotech in 1987 to Infotechnology.  In 1988, the company acquired United Press International, one of the two major American news wire services at the time.
Infotechnology encountered financial difficulties and filed for bankruptcy in 1991, as did FNN and UPI. In 1995, Brian was charged with conspiracy and fraud for inflating the value of FNN and UPI in an attempt to secure loans to shore up the companies.  He was convicted of the conspiracy charges in 1996 and sentenced to four years in prison.
Brian died on November 2, 2020, at the age of 78 in Easton, Maryland. He was buried at Arlington National Cemetery.
At Seabegs, the outline of Antonine's Wall, has lasted. Archaeologists from previous generations recorded this and stated that the ditch was deep and waterlogged.
The forts to this fortlet are Castlecary in the west and Rough Castle in the east. Sir George Macdonald and others theorized that because these neighbouring fort were relatively widespread another structure was likely in the Seabegs area.
No coinage has been recovered nor any inscriptions. There are two marching camps nearby at Dalnair and Milnquarter.
Many Roman forts along the wall held garrisons of around 500 men. Larger forts like Castlecary and Birrens had a nominal cohort of 1000 men but probably sheltered women and children as well although the troops were not allowed to marry. There is likely too to have been large communities of civilians around the site.
Russia competed at the 2019 World Aquatics Championships in Gwangju, South Korea from 12 to 28 July.
Justin K. Freeman is an American academic, teacher, and former nordic skier who represented the United States during the 2006 Winter Olympics. He attended Bates College in Lewiston, Maine where he majored in physics and mathematics, graduating in 1998. He went on to briefly attend the University of Colorado at Boulder for graduate school before being called to compete for the United States Ski Team for the upcoming nationals and olympics in 2006.
This biographical article relating to American cross-country skiing is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about an autobiographical novel of the 1970s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
SR 656 travels through northeastern Delaware County and southeastern Morrow County.  No part of the route is inclusive within the National Highway System.
This state highway was designated in 1937 along the alignment that it utilizes to this day between SR 61 and SR 229.  SR 656 has not experienced any major changes to its routing since its inception.
Effective off loading is a key treatment modality for DFUs, particularly those where there is damage to the nerves in the feet (peripheral neuropathy). Along with infection management and vascular assessment, TCC is vital aspect to effectively managing DFUs. TCC is the most effective and reliable method for off-loading DFUs.
Neuropathic DFUs are chronic wounds that result from a combination of factors. Some of the main factors that result in DFUs include (Figure 1):
The healing of DFUs requires many weeks, and patients need to be effectively off loaded during this time. A recent publication on the treatment of DFUs identified that the largest potential improvement in DFU care would come about through adoption of effective off loading techniques.
Effective off-loading is not simple, especially because of the extensive healing time often required. Most patients need to remain mobile to continue with daily life, therefore enforced restrained bed rest or sedation are neither convenient nor recommended methods to achieve effective off loading. Instead, various non constraining off-loading methods, from bed rest, crutches and wheelchairs, to complex fixed and removable boots are used to allow the patient continued movement.
Other than bed rest, wheelchairs and crutches, none of which are supported by published clinical evidence as effective methods, off-loading devices (Figure 2) can be functionally classified into two groups:
A recent Cochrane review of off-loading devices found that non-removable, pressure-reducing casts were the most effective off-loading devices for DFUs. Although another recent review of the efficacy of different off-loading techniques and devices highlighted a paucity of clinical evidence for many.
Pressure is a major issue for patients with diabetes and an even greater challenge for those who are also obese, because each step taken increases the pressure of bodyweight on each foot by 2 to 2.5 times. It is, therefore, necessary to slow down the rhythm and speed of walking of the patient and reduce the strain rate (defined as force divided by time).
Immobilization of the ankle joint reduces pressure in the forefoot and plantar regions from the propulsion phase of walking, which occurs during forward motion. Both TCCs and removable cast walkers can immobilize the ankle, but TCC ensures constant use by the patient.
TCC reduces the stride length, which slows down the foot and reduces the force applied to the foot. TCC has been shown to reduce plantar pressure by 32%, 63%, and 69% on the fifth, fourth, and first metatarsal heads, respectively; 65% on the great toe; and 45% on the heel. TCC can be used to off-load the heel, but a panel of experts agreed that this approach might not be as effective as for off-loading of forefoot ulcers.
The use of TCC as the most effective off loading method is strongly supported by clinical evidence. Randomized clinical trials provide strong evidence of reduced healing time and greater numbers of healed DFUs for TCC when compared to other methods.
Lavery et al. (2014) showed that TCC had a wound closure rate of 88.9%, compared to 50% for healing sandal and 40% for shear-reducing walking boot. They also showed that median time to healing for TCC was 5.4 weeks, compared to 8.9 weeks for a healing sandal and 6.7 weeks for sheer reducing walking boot.
Armstrong et al. (2001) determined that TCC had a healing rate of 88.9%, compared to 65% for a removable cast walker and 58.3% for a half-shoe, and time to healing was least for TCC at 4.8 weeks, compared to 7.2 weeks for the removable cast walker and 8.7 weeks for the half-shoe. This data was reiterated by Lavery almost 14 years later in a newer study (Figure 3).
Another new system, TrueKast, has a built in saw for ease in removal. This can prevent forced compliance from the patient and is also risky. Many experienced physicians are concerned putting a saw blade in-between a patient's skin and a hardened layer of fiberglass.  Many patients with DFU's have peripheral neuropathy and poses a serious potential hazard.
BSN Medicals' Cutimed (acquired by Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget in 2016) is a traditional fiberglass total contact cast system utilizing top of the line BSN cast tape.
M-Medical provides a traditional fiberglass total contact cast system with patented padding protection preventing iatrogenic lesions. One size fits all.
Overall, clinical evidence strongly supports the use of TCC in the treatment of DFUs, and the high efficacy of TCC comes with low risk of major complications. TCC should therefore continue to be the gold standard for the treatment of DFUs.
Alis composed a series of englynion discussing the kind of husband which she wished to marry and commenting on her father's second marriage in old age, and a cywydd to reconcile Dafydd Llwyd Llydan and Grigor y Moch.
John McGeehan is a British research scientist and professor of structural biology. He is director of the Centre for Enzyme Innovation (CEI) at the University of Portsmouth and leads a research team on enzyme engineering.
In 2018, McGeehan co-led an international team of scientists who characterized and engineered an enzyme with the ability to breakdown crystalline polyethylene terephthalate (PET), the primary material used in the manufacture of single-use plastic bottles, in some clothing, and in carpets. The bacteria that produces this enzyme, Ideonella sakaiensis, was originally discovered and isolated in a recycling plant by a Japanese research group in 2016.
Plastics such as PET, while incredibly versatile, are resistant to natural breakdown and are now an increasing source of pollution in the environment. The research team aims to develop improved enzymes to breakdown plastics into their original building blocks so they can be reused as part of a circular plastics economy.
The initial research story was covered widely in the press in 2018 (The Times, The Guardian, and The Economist), television media (BBC, ITV, CNN, CBS, Al Jazeera, and HBO), and by funding organisations, including the BBSRC and UKRI.
The team has continued to make further improvements to enzymes that can break down plastics through the characterisation of natural bacterial systems followed by laboratory protein engineering.
McGeehan went to school at Largs Academy in Ayrshire, Scotland, and earned a bachelor's degree in microbiology from the University of Glasgow in 1993, followed by a PhD in virology at the Medical Research Council (MRC) Virology unit, Glasgow.
McGeehan has interests in enzymes involved in the breakdown and valorization of biomass such as cellulose and lignin, and the discovery and engineering of enzymes for the breakdown of synthetic polymers such as plastics.
Marsden, together with Alan Weinstein, was one of the world leading authorities in mathematical and theoretical classical mechanics. He has laid much of the foundation for symplectic topology. The Marsden-Weinstein quotient is named after him.
Jerrold Marsden died of cancer on September 21, 2010. In 2006 a festschrift was published in honor of Marsden's 60th birthday. In 2015 a memorial volume was published in his honor. 
Flugabwehrraketengeschwader 1 (Air Defence Missile Wing 1) or (FlaRakG 1) "Schleswig-Holstein" is a unit of the German Air Force based in Stadum and Husum, Northern Germany. The wing is equipped with the Patriot air defense missile system.
On 1 January 2011, Air Defence Missile Wing 1 took formal responsibility of the short-range protection system MANTIS. To operate this weapons system, the air force called into service an additional anti-aircraft group at Husum on 1 April 2011.
Air Defence Missile Wing 1 was given the honorary name "Schleswig-Holstein" in 1989 and is currently part of the Air Forces's 4th Air Division.
Based on the agreement between Germany and The Netherlands signed in 2013, this unit will be integrated in The Netherlands ground-based Air Defence Organisation as part of the close cooperation between both countries from 2016 onwards.
Air Defence Missile Wing 1 utilises the Patriot air defense missile weapon system to engage in anti-aircraft warfare against aircraft and ballistic missiles.
A bazaar or souk, is a permanently enclosed marketplace or street where goods and services are exchanged or sold.
Since 2012, it has been located within the boundaries of a 'sanctuary zone' in the Upper Spencer Gulf Marine Park.
This South Australia protected areas related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
On June 24, 2011 Frankel faced Mexican-American John Molina, Jr. in the main event on ESPN's Friday Night Fights.
This biographical article relating to Czech cross-country skiing is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Nongcun Guangbo is a radio station in Heilongjiang province of the People's Republic of China, broadcasting at 1020 AM.
"Take a Bow" received positive reviews from music critics. Most praised the production as unexpected and different but one felt it overshadowed Lewis' vocals. Upon the release of Spirit, the song debuted at number 97 on the UK Singles Chart due to strong digital download sales. Lewis performed "Take a Bow" at the Rock in Rio festival and on her 2010 concert tour, The Labyrinth.
Upon the release of Spirit, "Take a Bow" debuted at number 97 on the strength of digital download sales in the chart issue released on 24 November 2007.
The first recorded dissection of the human body in the Western world took place in ancient Alexandria by Herophilus and Erasistratus.  Though none of their writings have come down to us, other medical writers recorded what they had discovered.
St Mary's Church is a Grade I listed building, a parish church in the Church of England in Ottery St Mary, Devon.
The church is part of "Churches Together in Ottery St Mary" which includes the churches of four other denominations in the town.
The parish church of St Mary's has been referred to as "a miniature Exeter Cathedral". Like the cathedral it is cruciform in plan, with transepts formed by towers
In 1335 John Grandisson, Bishop of Exeter, bought the manor and advowson from Rouen and on 22 January 1338 established a collegiate foundation with forty members. He rebuilt much of the church, and the present nave, chancel, aisles and Lady chapel date from this time. The nave is of five bays, and the chancel, unusually long in proportion,  is of six, with vestry chapels to  north and south.
The college was dissolved on 24 December 1545 and this church began serving the parish, under the management of governors. The other buildings of the college were demolished.
New choir stalls were dedicated in 1908. They were designed by John Duke Coleridge and paid for by Miss Mary Dickinson in memory of her father, the late Rev. Frederick Binley Dickinson.
The ancient altar screen had three vacant niches filled with sculptured scenes in 1934. The sculptural work was done in Beer stone, by Herbert Read, sculptor of Exeter, funded by Mrs Winstanley in memory of her husband, Harold Winstanley.
There is a small stone plaque commemorating the poet Samuel Taylor Coleridge in the south churchyard wall.  Ottery St Mary parish registers are held in the Devon Record Office and begin in 1601.
Sir Ernest Mason Satow, scholar, diplomat and Japanologist, is buried in the churchyard, and a plaque inside the church, originally at the British Legation chapel in Peking, commemorates his life.
On 26 September 2015, St Mary's was the location of the first ordination service in the Church of England to be led by a woman: Sarah Mullally, Bishop of Crediton, ordained two deacons as priests.
The church has had organs since at least the 14th century, as they are mentioned in Bishop Grandisson's statues for the foundation of the collegiate church. By the time the college was dissolved in 1545, there were three organs, but whatever organs survived into the 17th century were destroyed in 1645 during the English Civil War.
Around 1828, Flight and Robson provided a new organ in the west gallery. This was moved to the south tower in 1849. Hele & Co carried out work in 1878 and again in 1901. After further work in 1934, Eustace and Alldridge from Exeter enlarged the organ by incorporating pipework by Willis and William Hill, and the organ was rebuilt again in 1990 by Michael Farley. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.
As I Lay Dying is a 2013 American drama film directed and co-written by and starring James Franco, based on William Faulkner's 1930 novel of the same name. The film was screened in the Un Certain Regard Section at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival.
The story is based on the loss of a mother and the struggles the family endure by going the distance to her burial ground in her home town.
The film was originally scheduled for a theatrical release on September 27, 2013 but Millennium Films scrapped the plans. It was released on October 22, 2013 to iTunes and November 5, 2013 to DVD/VOD platforms.
The film received mixed reviews from critics, with praise and criticism focused on Franco's methods of presenting Faulkner's complex narrative. It holds a 40% approval rating on review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, based on 30 reviews with an average rating of 4.7/10. Metacritic gives the film a weighted average score of 50 out of 100, based on 13 reviews, indicating "mixed or average reviews".
Hylophorbus is a genus of microhylid frogs endemic to New Guinea. Common name Mawatta frogs has been coined for them.
This article about a property in Gaston County, North Carolina on the National Register of Historic Places is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Victoria Jane Asher (born January 20, 1986) is an American musician. She was the keytarist of Cobra Starship until their split in November 2015, and is currently recording as a solo artist under the name Vicky-T.
In 2006, Gabe Saporta, searching for female keyboardists in New York City, discovered her on MySpace. She subsequently took a leave of absence from university to join Cobra Starship, at the age of 18. She eventually graduated from NYU.
In 2007, she and her Cobra Starship bandmates went on the Fall Out Boy-headlined Honda Civic Tour, along with +44, The Academy Is..., and Paul Wall. She provided vocals in place of Carol Heller on +44's song "Make You Smile".
Asher's other musical projects include a band called Optimo, which she formed with friends in Los Angeles, and a brief side project with Frank Staniszewski (keyboardist of Big City Rock) called NotInTown.
Now a solo artist, Asher still writes her own music, blogs, and creates tour footage montages. She self-released her first single, "Protect This Love", in March 2016. Nine months later, her second single, "Push Comes to Shove", a collaboration with Jon Walker, was uploaded onto her YouTube channel, and released on iTunes the next day.
In 2016, she created the company Muted Color, as a way to release her own music and to create video content.
Through Muted Color, she released "Clouds" (2017), "Turn It Low" (2017), "Ghost" (2017), "Another Word for Paradise" (2017), "Kryptonite" (2019), "Hollow" (2019), and her four-track EP, Feeling Myself Without You (2019).
Later in 2018, she teamed up with her boyfriend Trent Culkin to take over Muted Color and make it into a production company and artist collective.
In 2019, Victoria brought on Helena Hawkes, whom she met while working at Blumhouse Productions. Victoria, Helena, and Trent will be announcing the new and improved Muted Color in 2020.
A slow growing tree, variously described as "of free and upright growth", "resembling Cornish Elm in form", and "conical and of dense habit". The leaves are "a fine yellow colour, said to last till autumn", though specimens in the north appear to colour less well (see gallery). A photograph of 'Dicksonii' was published in the Royal Horticultural Society's Gardeners' Encyclopedia of Plants and Flowers (1989).
The horticulturalist Christopher Lloyd used 'Dickson's Golden Elm' in his herbaceous borders at Great Dixter Gardens, Northiam, East Sussex. Though he gave 'Dampieri Aurea' as a synonym, photographs suggest that the cultivar planted was 'Dicksonii'.
82 were planted (as Ulmus stricta Wheatleyi aurea) on the boulevard to Long Eaton district boundary before 1939 to commemorate the coronation of King George VI. One example was planted at Pyrford Court, Woking, Surrey before 1985.
Among the few survivors in the UK are a tall, close-grown specimen beside Durham Cathedral (2017), and two in Peasholm Park, Scarborough, North Yorkshire, rediscovered in 1994 during a National Tree Register audit of the trees in Peasholm Glen. Another specimen stands in Bocombe Mill Cottage Garden, near Parkham, Devon.
The 2020 Italian Grand Prix (officially known as the Formula 1 Gran Premio Heineken d'Italia 2020) was a Formula One motor race that was held on 6 September 2020 at the Autodromo Nazionale di Monza in Monza, Italy. The race was the eighth round in the 2020 Formula One World Championship.
The drivers and teams were the same as the season entry list with no additional stand-in drivers for the race. Roy Nissany drove for Williams in the first practice session, replacing George Russell.
Pirelli brought the C2, C3 and C4 tyres for the race weekend, the second, third, and fourth hardest tyre compounds available.
The first practice session was interrupted briefly when Max Verstappen crashed at the Ascari chicane. The session ended with Valtteri Bottas fastest ahead of Mercedes teammate Lewis Hamilton and Red Bull driver Alexander Albon third fastest. The second practice session ran without major incidents and concluded with Hamilton fastest, followed by Bottas and Lando Norris of McLaren.
Bottas was again fastest in third practice, followed by Carlos Sainz Jr. of McLaren and his teammate Norris. The session was briefly red flagged after Daniel Ricciardo stopped his Renault R.S.20 due to a mechanical failure.
As Claire and Frank Williams ceased their involvement with the Williams team after this Grand Prix, tributes[clarification needed] were paid to the pair from around the paddock, including from George Russell and Nicholas Latifi, the Williams drivers, as they crossed the line.[citation needed]
The ball event in rhythmic gymnastics  at the 2001 World Games in Akita was played from 22 to 23 August. The competition took place at Akita City Gymnasium.
A total of 24 athletes entered the competition. The best eight athletes from preliminary round advances to the final.
Johnny Boy is the 2006 debut album by British indie pop duo Johnny Boy. It contains their previously released singles "You Are the Generation That Bought More Shoes and You Get What You Deserve" and "Johnny Boy Theme," which were extremely well received by critics despite limited distribution.
NME gave the album 5/10, finding nothing lived up to their debut single. Pitchfork agreed, giving it 5.2/10; they also criticised the limited range of singer Lolly.
Euthria javanica is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks.
The Thatcher Magoun, an extreme clipper launched in 1855, was named after Medford's great shipbuilder, Thatcher Magoun, who died the year that she was launched.
In his book published in 1937, Hall Gleason comments on the appearance of Thatcher Magoun as follows: "Her figurehead was a life-like image of the father of ship building on the Mystic."
According to Hall Gleason, Thatcher Magoun made five passages from Boston to San Francisco. For this route, the clipper's fastest journey was completed in 113 days, and its slowest in 152 days. Moreover, in 1869, Thatcher Magoun made seven passages from New York to San Francisco, averaging 96 days per voyage.
On one of its voyages from New York to San Francisco, Thatcher Magoun carried locomotives CP 88, 89, and 95 for the Central Pacific Railroad company. This voyage began July 10, 1868, and lasted 117 days.
Thatcher Magoun established the first shipyard in Medford, MA on what is known today as Riverside Avenue, opposite the end of Park Street. In 1803, Magoun laid the keel of his first vessel, the Mt. Aetna, the model of which he had made a few years before. He continued building ships at this location until 1836; eventually his yard was to be the only one in Medford with a ship house.
Magoun amassed significant wealth by building 84 vessels over the course of his career. He specialized in big ships and brigs, which are 250 tons and larger in size, built for Old China Trade. According to the maritime historian Admiral Samuel Eliot Morison, Magoun's reputation was "second to none among American shipbuilders."
Hedgpeth was an alternative/indie music festival held in Twin Lakes, Wisconsin, on July 28/29, 2006.
The event is named for one of its organizers, Jeff Hedgpeth.  The festival was held at Shadow Hill Ranch.
Following the 2006 edition, Hedgpeth's future was uncertain, but organizers were optimistic even after the slightly lower than expected turnout. However, the promoters announced the event would not be continued after it lost an estimated $100,000 due to lack of ticket sales.[citation needed]
WBZC began broadcasting in January 1995, and in 1996 was named the number one college radio station in America based on listenership, large coverage area in the nation's fourth-largest radio market and unique programming and content, the award was bestowed by the National Association of College Broadcasters in Providence Rhode Island. The station was a platform launching many careers of prominent broadcasters in the industry today.
With the moving of the Pemberton campus of Burlington County College, the station ceased its regional programming and transmission on January 18, 2018.
After being sold to Four Rivers Community Broadcasting Corporation in March 2019, WBZC came back on the air with Word FM and Rowan College's part of the radio station becoming a popular online music and information radio station known as RCBC Radio with a downloadable app heard worldwide on TuneIn and Amazon Alexa. Today, WBZC-FM broadcasts 10,000 watts of Christian radio across the Delaware Valley.
Free newspapers are distributed from newsstands and traditional newsagent's shops at the entrances of metro stations and other public places.
Special Criminal Investigation, also known as S.C.I. for short or as Chase HQ II: Special Criminal Investigation in some home versions, is a 1989 vehicular combat racing game published by Taito for arcades. It is the sequel to the 1988 original Chase H.Q.
Instead of the black Porsche 928 of the first game, the player commands a red example of the just-introduced (at the time) Nissan 300ZX Z32 T-Top Turbo. Unlike the first game, the player is able to fire at offending vehicles, with some cabinets containing buttons on the steering wheel, and others having a fire button on the gearshift, along with a button to activate the nitrous boost.
The game brings back protagonists Tony Gibson and Det. Raymond Broady of the first game, and their second game appearance. Broady has taken over the driver's seat this time, while Gibson, as the passenger, serves as the gunman.  Also, instead of Nancy, Karen is the officer delivering reports of whom the criminal is pursuing, and what they are driving.
Conversions for Amiga, Atari ST, PC, Commodore 64 and ZX Spectrum were released in 1991 by Ocean Software, developed by Glasgow's ICE Software. A conversion for the PC Engine (TurboGrafx-16) was released in January 1991 exclusively in Japan by Taito. Natsume ported it to the Sega Master System. An Amstrad CPC version was written but never released, and only a small number of cartridges are known to exist.
In 1996, Taito released an emulation of the arcade original for the Sega Saturn in Japan, bundled together with Chase H.Q. on one disc.
In Japan, Game Machine listed Special Criminal Investigation on their December 1, 1989 issue as being the second most-successful upright arcade unit of the month. It went on to become Japan's third highest-grossing dedicated arcade game of 1990, below Super Monaco GP and Winning Run Suzuka GP. The arcade game was also a major hit in Europe, particularly the United Kingdom where Taito shipped 1,500 units by January 1990.
In aviation, lateral navigation (LNAV, usually pronounced el-nav) is azimuth navigation, without vertical navigation (VNAV). Area navigation (RNAV) approach plates include LNAV as a non-precision instrument approach (NPA).  When combined with VNAV, the resulting instrument approach, LNAV/VNAV, is referred to as an Approach with Vertical Guidance (APV).
This article about a historic property or district in Monroe County, New York, listed on the National Register of Historic Places, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Ebbe Bassey is a Nigerian American actress, who was nominated for Africa Movie Academy Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role for playing "Maa Dede" in Ties That Bind (2011).
Bassey was born in United States, but spent her teenage years in Calabar before relocating permanently. She is married to Mark Manczuk.
Wavves is the debut studio album by the American band Wavves. It was originally released on cassette format before being re-released on LP/CD formats.
This article about a punk rock album from the 2000s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The first house was built in Glenwood in 1878 on the Bush Ranch, later renamed White Water for the creek that runs through it. When it was a stage stop the town was called Glenwood Springs, and in 1901 the town was formally named Glenwood. New Mexico's first powered airplane flight happened in 1909 near Glenwood.
Glenwood is home to the Gila National Forest Glenwood Ranger Station and the Glenwood State Trout Hatchery.
Khairul Kabir Khokon is a Bangladesh Nationalist Party politician and a former Member of Parliament from Narsingdi-1, who currently serves as the party's assistant secretary.
This article about a Bangladesh Nationalist Party politician is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
At the beginning of the nineteenth century in the cemetery area there was only holly, and there was no other natural nor artificial protection for the tombs scattered in the countryside, where cattle were grazing. The cypresses that adorn the cemetery today were planted later on. In 1824 a moat was erected that surrounded the ancient part of the cemetery. In ancient times crosses or inscriptions were forbidden, as in all non-Catholic cemeteries, at least until 1870.
For a long time there have been common graves divided by nations: Germany, Greece, Sweden and Romania.
As of 2011, the custody and management of the cemetery was entrusted to foreign representatives in Italy.
The great, hundred-year-old cypresses, the green meadow that surrounds part of the tombs, the white pyramid that stands behind the enclosure of Roman walls, together with the cats that walk undisturbed among the tombstones written in all the languages of the world, give to this small cemetery a peculiar aura. As in use in Anglo-Saxon cemeteries, there are no photographs on the tombstones.
Keats died in Rome of tuberculosis at the age of 25, and is buried in the cemetery. His epitaph, which does not mention him by name, is by his friends Joseph Severn and Charles Armitage Brown, and reads:
This grave contains all that was mortal, of a young English poet, who on his death bed, in the bitterness of his heart, at the malicious power of his enemies, desired these words to be engraven on his tombstone: Here lies one whose name was writ in water.
Shelley drowned in 1822 in a sailing accident off the Italian Riviera. When his body washed up upon the shore, a copy of Keats's poetry borrowed from Leigh Hunt was discovered in his pocket, doubled back, as though it had been put away in a hurry. He was cremated on the beach near Viareggio by his friends, the poet Lord Byron and the English adventurer Edward John Trelawny. His ashes were sent to the British consulate in Rome, who had them interred in the Protestant Cemetery some months later.
Shelley's heart supposedly survived cremation and was snatched out of the flames by Trelawny, who subsequently gave it to Shelley's widow, Mary. When Mary Shelley died, the heart was found in her desk wrapped in the manuscript of "Adonais," the elegy Shelley had written the year before upon the death of Keats, in which the poet urges the traveller, "Go thou to Rome ...".
Shelley's heart was finally buried, encased in silver, in 1889, with the son who survived him, Sir Percy Florence Shelley, but his gravestone in the Protestant Cemetery is inscribed: Cor cordium ("heart of hearts"), followed by a quotation from Shakespeare's The Tempest:
The construction of the railway between Moscow and Sergiyev Posad was completed in 1862. The passenger traffic was opened on August 18, 1862, and the freight traffic on the Moscow - Sergiev Posad section was opened on October 3, 1862. In 1869, it was extended to Yaroslavl. The railway line between Mytishchi and Fryazevo was open in several installments: In 1895, to Shchyolkovo, in 1929 to Monino, in 1930 to Ivanteyevka, in 1935 to Fryazino, and in 1970 to Fryazevo.
In 1900, a railway line connecting Beskudnikovo and Losinoostrovskaya was constructed. This was done in order to facilitate the railway traffic between Moscow and Kimry (Savyolovo), since Moscow Savyolovsky railway station was not open yet. After a tram line from central line to Medvedkovo was built, in 1966 a direct connection to Losinoostrovskaya was discontinued, and the whole railway line was demolished in 1987.
In 1930, a railway line between Mytishchi and Pirogovo was built. It was closed down in 1997 and subsequently demolished.
Following the standard notations in Russia, a railway station below is called a station if it is a terminus or if it has a cargo terminal, and it is called a platform (railway stop) otherwise.
The opening night of Artaxerxes (2 February 1762) at the Theatre Royal, Covent Garden proved very successful. The work was revived at the theatre the following year, although this second run was marred by a riot. On 24 February 1763 a mob protesting the abolition of half-price admissions stormed the theatre in the middle of the performance. According to a contemporary account in The Gentleman's Magazine:
 The mischief done was the greatest ever known on any occasion of the like kind: all the benches of the boxes and pit being entirely tore up, the glasses and chandeliers broken, and the linings of the boxes cut to pieces. The rashness of the rioters was so great, that they cut away the wooden pillars between the boxes, so if the inside of them had not been iron, they would have brought down the galleries upon their heads.
Artaxerxes, the King's younger son, arrives with his guards. Artabanes tells him of his father's death and accuses Artaxerxes's older brother Darius of the murder, "Who but he at dead of night could penetrate The palace? Who could approach the royal bed? Nay, more, his royal ambition..." Artaxerxes commands Artabanes to avenge his father's death by killing Darius. Later in the garden, Artaxerxes expresses his love to Semira, the daughter of Artabanes and sister of Arbaces.
Artabanes is now faced with seeing his son die or confessing the truth. He confesses to all that he has poisoned the cup, intending to kill Artaxerxes and that he had also assassinated Xerxes. Artabanes is led off in chains. Artaxerxes, out of his love for Semira and his gratitude to Arbaces, condemns their father to eternal exile rather than death. The opera ends with the two pairs of lovers reunited and the jubilation of all.
A live recording of a 1979 BBC concert performance was once available on LP. However, the first major studio recording to be released on CD is from Hyperion Records.
The performance of Artaxerxes at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden in 2009 to celebrate Arne's 300th birthday was followed by release of a studio recording in 2010 by Linn Records.
Neumarkt am Wallersee is a town in the district of Salzburg-Umgebung in the state of Salzburg in Austria.
During the Napoleonic Wars, in December 1800, Neumarkt am Wallersee was the scene of a military action between the Austrian Army, fleeing after its major defeat in the Battle of Hohenlinden, and the pursuing French Army. The Austrians fared badly in this as in other engagements of this campaign.
Dumunichowki is a village in Kamrup rural district, in the state of Assam, India, situated in north bank of river Brahmaputra.
The village is located near National Highway 15 and connected to nearby towns and cities like Baihata and Guwahati with regular buses and other modes of transportation.
The educational institution was established by royal decree on December 23, 1640 by Governor-General Sebastian Hurtado de Corcuera. It closed down in 1644.
This article about a non-fiction television series is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Jones was born in 1955 and educated at Trinity College, Dublin. He was ordained in 1980. After curacies in Seapatrick  and Bangor he held incumbencies at Drumgath, Finaghy, Cairncastle and Athlone before his time as Dean. Since 2012 he has been at St John Malone, Belfast.
In 1998, Wong was spotted on the street by a talent scout and filmed a lemon tea commercial. Recruiters offered him further opportunities but Wong insisted on finishing his high school first. After graduating from high school, Wong joined broadcasting network TVB in 1999 at age 19. Wong hosted various variety programs and played an extra in various drama series.
Wong was cast as Chiu Bing in director Fire Lee's debut movie Love In Time (2012) and gained positive applause for his sincere and realistic performance. He received positive reviews for his performance as the central character Sit Ho Ching in Golden Brother. which subsequently won him Best Leading Actor award at the 2014 China Image Film Festival.
Wong starred in the 2016 drama series Two Steps From Heaven, alongside Priscilla Wong, Edwin Siu, and Louis Cheng. He portrays Sheldon Chun, a public relations director who, in hopes of climbing the social ladder, becomes ruthless.
In December 2016, Wong announced he will not be renewing his management contract with TVB, ending his 17-year career at the station. His last TVB drama was Heart of Greed 3.
In October 2008, Bosco signed a record deal with East Asia Music and released his debut EP in December of the same year.
Wong began dating War of In-laws co-star Myolie Wu in 2005. On July 25, 2012, Wong announced that the two had split. In 2014, Wong began dating model Vanessa Yeung. The two were seen together on a date on February 3. The couple broke up later that year.
2008 - Debut EP: In Love with Bosco (Release date: Dec 5, 2008) 2010 - EP: Bravo (Release date: June 3, 2010).
The currently-operating West Chester Railroad is a tourist railroad which runs trains between West Chester and Glen Mills, Pennsylvania, on the Media/West Chester Branch.
This United States railway company-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Italian Communist Youth Federation (Italian: Federazione Giovanile Comunista Italiana, FGCI) was the youth wing of the Partito Comunista Italiano (PCI), and the direct heir of the Federazione Giovanile Comunista d'Italia of the PCd'I.
On 8 October 1990 Gianni Cuperlo (the secretary of the FGCI) proposed to Ariccia, following the line of Achille Occhetto, that the FGCI be dissolved in order to create the Sinistra Giovanile, a federal organisation with the aim of creating four associations in schools, in territories, in universities, in workplaces, all federated together.  The proposal was passed, with 91 votes in favour, 10 abstentions and 13 against.
When the Party of Italian Communists (PdCI) was born in 1998 as the result of a split in the PRC, the new party created the Youth Federation of Italian Communists (FGCI) on the model of the dissolved federation.
Brent Sommerhauser is an American sculptor, glassblower, and artist based in Las Vegas, Nevada. He is known for his large-scale sculptures and his glass art, as well as for sculptural drawings.
He has been an instructor at the College for Creative Studies, Hastings College, the Kansas City Art Institute, Pilchuck Glass School, and The Ohio State University, and is an assistant professor at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas.
Sommerhauser attended Butler Community College, Emporia State University, and The Ohio State University. He received a bachelor's degree in psychology and a Master of Fine Arts.
While studying for his master's degree, Sommerhauser began to analyze interiors of architectural spaces and study how they are used to describe psychic or mental space, drawing upon Emily Dickinson's poetry and Carl Jung's theories. He began entering homes that had been designated for demolition and cutting holes in floors and walls to explore what he saw as a merging of psychology, poetry and stories.
Sommerhauser is described as an organic artist. His installations include large-scale sculptures that mimic towers and sinkholes, the latter being inspired by Sommerhauser seeing a photograph of a dam's spillway. He also makes use of found materials, such as a discarded door, and flooring materials which have been re-engineered to create organic visual effects.
Slavyanskaya Square and southbound Varvarka Gates Square form a contiguous city square, but are officially different locations, a fact that may confuse even Muscovites. To add to this confusion, Staraya Square is not a square per se but a city street (closed to regular traffic) that discharges into Varvarka Gates Square. In the past, Staraya (Old) and Novaya (New) Squares frequently interchanged their names, too.
Buildings with street numbers assigned to Slavyanskaya Square are: Church of All Saints on the southern side of the square and the 1900s office block behind it; all other buildings in the square are assigned to Lubyansky Lane and Varvarka Gates Square.
The area was urbanized within 15th century; Kitai-gorod wall was erected in the 1530s, on the raised hill. Existing Church of All Saints was built in the 1480s and subsequently rebuilt in the 17th century.
The boulevard north from the square was formed in two stages; first, the old Apple Market near Novaya Square was replaced with a boulevard across Polytechnical Museum (1880s, with the 1887 Plevna Monument). Next, the southern part of the boulevard was cleaned up with the demolition of Varvarka Gated market.
The two squares acquired their present shape in 1934, when the State demolished Kitai-gorod tower blocking the exit from Varvarka Street and the fortress wall between Staraya Square and Kitaisky Lane. Remains of the tower are visible in an underground vestibule of Kitay-Gorod subway station.
Monument to Saints Cyril and Methodius by Vyacheslav Klykov was opened on the northbound boulevard in 1992. The Square is a common starting point for public rallies; in particular, the Russian March of 4 November 2006.
San Giovanni Battista Decollato (St John the Baptist Beheaded) is a renaissance-style, Roman Catholic rural parish church located in the Borgo della Rocca of town of Montemurlo, province of Prato, region of Tuscany, Italy.
"Venice Bitch" is a song by American singer and songwriter Lana Del Rey. It was released on September 18, 2018, through Polydor and Interscope Records, as the second single from her sixth studio album, Norman Fucking Rockwell! (2019). The song was written and produced by Del Rey and Jack Antonoff.
On September 12, 2018, The Fader announced that "Venice Bitch" would be released on September 18 as the second single from Del Rey's forthcoming studio album, following the first single, "Mariners Apartment Complex", released a week earlier. On September 17, Del Rey shared a preview of the track accompanied by a vintage-inspired visual on Instagram, and announced that the song would be premiered on Zane Lowe's Beats 1 show.
This article on a Roman Catholic diocese in Colombia is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Savelyevskaya is located 58 km northwest of Kaduy (the district's administrative centre) by road. Yakshinskaya is the nearest rural locality.
The museum was initiated and established by Raphie Etgar who serves as its Artistic Director, and has been supported for some decades by the Holtzbrink Family Foundation. through the Jerusalem Foundation.
The turbulent history of the building serves as silent testimony to the political changes that Jerusalem and the whole country of Israel/Palestine underwent; from its function as a private residence of a Palestinian Arab family during the British Mandate years, through its usage as an Israeli army outpost, and currently as a socio-political museum committed to create a dialogue and build bridges of understanding in this very place.[citation needed]
In the year 1981 the military outpost was renovated and renamed as the "Tourjman Post Museum" commemorating the reunification of the city. The museum mounted exhibits of the guns, mortars and other weapons used in its defense.
In the year 1999 the building underwent change and a new permanent exhibition, calling for tolerance and mutual understating between people in the region, was displayed. On the day of its dedication, it was opened ostensibly as a site for 'peace, tolerance,... dialogue, understanding and coexistence'.[citation needed]
Since 2005, the building serves as a home to the Museum on the Seam - a socio-political contemporary art museum dedicated to dialogue and mutual understanding.[citation needed]
In 2000 Museum on the Seam produces, as an initiative by Raphie Etgar, the exhibition COEXISTANCE: an international project that incorporates many leading poster designers from around the globe. The project was displayed in over 35 cities in different continents and called for mutual understanding between fellow nations and religions. Its global Journey was endorsed and supported by world leaders and thinkers.
This biographical article related to association football in Finland, about a midfielder, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Tsodilo Hills are a UNESCO World Heritage Site (WHS), consisting of rock art, rock shelters, depressions, and caves. It gained its WHS listing in 2001 because of its unique religious and spiritual significance to local peoples, as well as its unique record of human settlement over many millennia. UNESCO estimates there are over 4500 rock paintings at the site. The site consists of a few main hills known as the Child Hill, Female Hill, and Male Hill.
There is a managed campsite between the two largest hills, with showers and toilets. It is near the most famous of the San paintings at the site, the Laurens van der Post panel[clarification needed], after the South-African writer who first described the paintings in his 1958 book 'The Lost World of the Kalahari'. There is a small museum and an airstrip near the campsite.
Rhino Cave is located at the North end of the Female Hill and has two main walls where paintings are located. The white rhino painting (for which the cave is named) is located on the north wall, and is split by another painting of a red giraffe. Excavations of the cave floor turned up many lithic materials. This cave lacks ostrich egg shell, bone artifacts, pottery or iron, but there were a few mongongo shell fragments found in Later Stone Age layers.
Charcoal found during excavations has been dated to the African Iron Age, the Later Stone Age (LSA), and the Middle Stone Age (MSA). Mostly stone artifacts from the LSA were made from local materials such as quartz and jasper. MSA artifacts from the cave are mostly prepared projectile points. The points are typically found in various stages of production, some abandoned and some finished.
The paintings of Rhino Cave are mostly located on the North wall, and have been painted in red or red-orange pigment, excepting the rhino which was painted in white. Around the rhino and the giraffe are various paintings, mostly in red, of geometrics. On the opposite wall, the cave is host to grooves and depressions that have been ground into the rock. They may have been created using hammer stones or grindstones from the LSA period, which have been found at Tsodilo.
The Tsodilo Hills have a myriad of red rock art; it can be found all over the site. In Rhino Cave, some of the red paintings seem to be older than the white rhino. Red paintings here, and around Tsodilo, are attributed to the San people.
 These hills are of great cultural and spiritual significance to the San peoples of the Kalahari.  They believe the hills are a resting place for the spirits of the deceased  and that these spirits will cause misfortune and bad luck if anyone hunts or causes death near the hills. Tsodilo is also an object of debate regarding how the San once lived.
 Many local peoples around the Tsodilo Hills have stories of times past that deal with the many painted caves and rock shelters at the site. Oral traditions often tell of the Zhu people, a local San group, using rock shelters for protection from the elements or as ritual areas.
One tale claims that hunters would come into the rock shelters to contact ancestors if a hunt was unsuccessful. They would then ask for a good hunt the next time they went out. In thanks, when the hunt was successful, the people would return to the shelter and cook for their ancestors. In some of these alleged campsites, there is little to no evidence of fire remains.
The local San people believe Tsodilo is the birthplace of all life, art there made by the descendants of the first people. Tsodilo's geography, trails and grooves in the earth are known as the trails and footprints of the first animals, making their way to the first watering hole ). A natural water spring at Tsodilo, near the Female Hill, is used as both a water collection site and a ritual site. It is seen as sacred, and used by countless peoples to cleanse, heal, and protect.
They also discuss the burned Middle Stone Age points, saying that there is nothing unusual in using nonlocal materials. They dismiss the claim that no ordinary tools were found at the site, noting that the many scrapers that are found are ordinary tools and that there is evidence of tool making at the site. Discussing the 'secret chamber', they point to the lack of evidence for San shamans using chambers in caves or for this one to have been used in such a way.
DZRR (pronounced as DZ-double-R; 103.1 FM), broadcasting as MOR 103.1 For Life!, was a radio station owned and operated by the ABS-CBN Corporation. Its studio was located at the ABS-CBN Broadcast Center, #59 First Road, Quezon Hill Proper, Baguio. Its transmitter was located atop Mt. Sto. Tomas, Tuba, Benguet.
DZRR was first launched on August 1, 1989 as "Radio Romance" making ABS-CBN's first FM station outside Metro Manila, simulcasting its Manila feed.
On May 5, 2020, the station, along with the other My Only Radio stations, went off the air due to the cease and desist order of the National Telecommunications Commission as the network's legislative franchise to operate expired the day before. It currently operates as an online platform.
This article about a radio station in the Philippines is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about a railroad station in Punjab, Pakistan is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Whispers Under Ground is the third novel in the Rivers of London series by English author Ben Aaronovitch, published 2012 by Gollancz.
Constables Peter Grant and Lesley May, and Detective Chief Inspector Thomas Nightingale form the magical branch of the Metropolitan Police.  Grant is called in for a murder investigation at the Baker Street Underground station: the victim, American art student James Gallagher, was fatally stabbed with a potsherd.
Grant visits James's art professor, and attends an exhibition of work by Irish sculptor Ryan Carroll. Peter realises some of the pieces incorporate pottery identical to the potsherd murder weapon and a bowl found at James's flat.
Following this lead, Grant and Lesley discover a warehouse where similar pottery is taken and stored.  It owned by The Beale Corporation, which was historically the maker of 'unbreakable' pottery.  Its founders were instrumental in excavating the tunnels that later became the heart of the London Underground railway.
Grant and a team investigate in the railway tunnels, but they are attacked by pallid large-eyed individuals.  They pursue them, eventually reaching an Underground platform, where ones of the individuals uses magic to tear the platform apart, burying Grant in the process.
While Grant is recovering in hospital, Lesley tells him she has confirmed Beale, Gallagher and Carroll are all descendants of the founders of the Unbreakable Empire Pottery corporation.  James' roommate Zach also visits and accidentally mentions that he knows a pallid large-eyed man.  When questioned he reveals that a group known as the Quiet People has been living underground and making pottery for the Beale corporation since the mid-Victorian Era.
Grant and Lesley investigate this group.  As they talk to the Quiet People it emerges James Gallagher was courting the daughter of the chieftain of the Quiet People, which made Ryan Carroll jealous.  When confronted, Carroll confesses, adding that he was also jealous of Gallagher's skill in pottery.
The 1941 All-Pro Team consisted of American football players chosen by various selectors for the All-Pro team of the National Football League (NFL) for the 1941 NFL season. Teams were selected by, among others, the so-called "official" All-Pro team selected by a committee of professional football writers for the NFL (NFL), the sports writers of the Associated Press (AP), the United Press (UP), Collyer's Eye (CE), the New York Daily News (NYDN), and the Chicago Herald American.
Players displayed in bold were consensus first-team selections. Five players were named to the first team by all six selectors: Green Bay Packers halfback Cecil Isbell; Chicago Bears halfback George McAfee; Green Bay Packers end Don Hutson; Chicago Bears guard Dan Fortmann; and Chicago Bears center Bulldog Turner.
This article about an Eastern Anatolia Region of Turkey location is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Paul Felix Hoffman, FRSC, OC (born March 21, 1941) is a Canadian geologist and  Sturgis Hooper Professor Emeritus of Geology at Harvard University.  He specializes in the Precambrian era and is widely known for his research on Snowball Earth glaciation in the Neoproterozoic era particularly through his research on sedimentary rocks of Namibia.
Born in Toronto, Ontario, he received a B.Sc. from McMaster University in 1964, a M.Sc. from Johns Hopkins University in 1965, and was awarded a Ph.D. by Johns Hopkins University in 1970, where his doctoral advisor was Francis J. Pettijohn.
Paul Hoffman formerly worked for the Geological Survey of Canada and was subsequently the Sturgis Hooper Professor of Geology at Harvard University.  He currently resides in Victoria, British Columbia where he has an appointment within the University of Victoria School of Earth and Ocean Science.
He is also the brother of Abby Hoffman, a Pan American Games gold medalist and Olympian in track and field. Both have received the Order of Canada for accomplishments in different fields.
The 1970 Florida State Seminoles football team represented Florida State University in the 1970 NCAA University Division football season.
The Western Sydney Wanderers started the season with Jean-Paul de Marigny as their head coach after he was appointed in July permanently, following an interim session after the sacking of Markus Babbel. Three months after his appointment, Wanderers announced de Marigny's sacking with no explanation. On 15 October 2020, the Wanderers announced the signing of Carl Robinson from Newcastle Jets as de Marigny's replacement.
Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
The company's growth allowed it to develop larger facilities in 1928 occupying a city block in Buenos Aires' southside Barracas section. This facility began making vulcanized rubber sole shoes in the 1930s under the supervision of engineer Luis Pastorino.
The longtime CEO of Alpargatas, Eduardo Oxenford, was appointed to head federal receivership of the Argentine Industrial Union after the March 1976 coup. He was named Minister of Industry by the administration of General Roberto Viola in 1981, quitting however within months over policies that adversely affected industry.
Alpargatas began making PVC-soled footwear in 1983, and in 1987, it secured the country's sole license to manufacture Nike shoes. The growing incidence of imports in the local apparel and footwear market during the 1990s prompted the company to open its first factory outlet stores in 1995, and in 1998, it established Dialog, a logistics company, for its transport and warehousing needs.
On March 19, 2013, Alpargatas S.A. acquired 4,33% of Alpargatas SAIC for US$ 4,7 million therefore the former Brazilian subsidiary controlled 100% of Alpargatas Argentina.
Alpargatas gained notoriety when in 1931 local artist Florencio Molina Campos started to illustrate company's calendars with his gaucho-life paintings. The artist was paid with A$ 6,000 for 12 original paintings. Molina Campos continue his collaboration with Alpargatas until 1936. Commercial relations between the artist and the company renewed for a new production of calendars from 1940 to 1945. It is estimated that a total of about 18 million calendars were printed.
Sabine Field is a 3,000 capacity stadium in Northfield, Vermont on the campus of the NCAA Division III-affiliated Norwich University. Opened in 1921, it serves as home to the school's football and track teams. The field is named for the son of Dr. George K. Sabine, a member of Norwich's Class of 1868, who provided funds to purchase the athletic field's land
Since 1958, Sabine Field area has also been home to a WWII-era M4 Sherman tank named "Sabine Sally". Placed in honor of "the Norwich Men who served in the Armored Forces in World War II" and dedicated by Norwich alumnus and Medal of Honor recipient Captain James M. Burt.
Each fall on the university's Alumni Weekend, Sabine Field hosts the Alumni March On.  At this ceremony, all returning alumni parade by class on to the field with the current year's Corp of Cadets.
The gate to Sabine Field is a part of Vermont ghost story lore.  In the tale, the gate to field is said to be guarded by an unseen cadet whose haunting footsteps can be heard.
Jones was awarded an honorary doctorate by the State University of New York in 1972 and received the Distinguished Citizen Award from the Brooklyn Museum of Art in 1979. She exhibited regularly across North America in the 1940s and 1950s as well as overseas in France, Holland, Belgium, Switzerland, Greece, and Japan. Her work can be found in many museums, including the High Museum of Art in Atlanta, Georgia and the Morris Museum of Art in Augusta, Georgia.
An Evening with Joe Henderson is a live album by American jazz saxophonist Joe Henderson recorded in Italy in 1987 and released on the Red label.
The AllMusic review by Scott Yanow states "Although Joe Henderson's pianoless trio recordings for Blue Note in 1985 received a fair amount of publicity, this similar date for the Italian Red label has been almost completely overlooked".
Three additional tracks from the concert were made available for purchase as digital downloads in 2009 under the title More From An Evening With Joe Henderson. They are as follows:
Major General Leonard Holland (1916-1999) was an American military officer from Rhode Island.  He served as the Adjutant General of Rhode Island for 22 years from 1961 to 1983, longer than anyone else.
He enlisted in the United States Army on April 16, 1941, eight months before the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor.  During World War II he served in the Pacific Theater and received the Combat Infantryman Badge, Bronze Star Medal and the Purple Heart.
He was commissioned a second lieutenant in the Infantry branch on August 6, 1942.  He rose through the ranks and was promoted to major on February 12, 1946, shortly before being discharged from active duty.
After the war, he became an officer in the Officers Reserve Corps (i.e. Army Reserve).  He graduated from the Infantry Officers Advanced Course in 1959.
Late in 1960 he was selected by Rhode Island Governor elect John A. Notte to become Adjutant General of Rhode Island in command of the Rhode Island National Guard.  Holland was promoted to colonel on January 2, 1961 and to major general on March 16, 1961, shortly before his forty fifth birthday.  Although Notte was defeated for re-election, Holland went on to serve under four more governors before he retired.
In February 1978 Rhode Island was buried in over three feet of snow in the Blizzard of 1978.  This led to the Rhode Island National Guard being mobilized to deal with emergency situations and return the state to a more normal condition.  General Holland oversaw the operations of over 3,000 Guardsmen which rendered invaluable assistance in the weeks following the blizzard.
General Holland retired from the Army in August 1983 and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal and the rarely awarded Rhode Island Cross, Rhode Island's highest military decoration.  He was succeeded by Major General John W. Kiely, a veteran of World War II, Korea and Vietnam.
He died on August 16, 1999 after suffering a stroke.  He is buried in Lincoln Park Cemetery in Warwick, Rhode Island.
After General Holland's retirement, the Rhode Island General Assembly passed a law that Adjutants General of Rhode Island would be limited to two five year terms in office.
This biographical article relating to Argentine athletics is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
David Lewis Warsh (born May 25, 1944) is an American journalist and author who has generally covered topics in economics and finance. Since 2002, he has written and published Economic Principals, a weekly series of essays about economics and economists.
Warsh was born in New York City, the son of Leo George and Annis Meade Warsh. He graduated from Lyons Township High School in LaGrange, Illinois in 1962, then from Harvard College in 1972 (66-72).
In March 2002, Warsh left the Globe to write online at Economic Principals, his own reader-supported website.. The focus of the website and his writing is "technical economics through the device of weekly profiles of various movers and shakers" as well as various short items. In 2012, the website had some 20,000 readers.
He is home-based in Somerville, Massachusetts and is a summer resident of Portage Point near Onekama, Michigan.
The first Speedplay pedal, the X, was patented in July 1989 by Richard Byrne. The company was founded in July, 1991,  in San Diego, California. In September, 2019 Wahoo Fitness announced that it acquired Speedplay  pedal company to bring innovation and simplicity to the bike pedal product line.
Speedplay Advanced Road Pedal System is characterized by double-sided entry, rotational free float and 3-axis adjustability to allow a rider to step on either side to engage the cleat, and keep the foot free to rotate from side to side about the center of the pedal. The float and micro-adjustability is reported to be easier on the knee joints to increase comfort and optimize fit on the bike.
In March, 2021 Wahoo Fitness launched a redesigned Speedplay pedal range, which sealed the bearings to streamline setup and maintenance of the pedals. Simultaneously, Wahoo Fitness announced the POWRLINK ZERO power meter pedal set to be released in summer 2021. 
Brothertunes is a pop music group from Bern, Switzerland. The founding members consist of Rich Fonje (vocals) and Philly Hansen (guitarist).
Brothertunes' first radio single "Sincerely Yours" from their first officially released studio album Come Close entered the Swiss charts directly into the Top 50. In April 2006, Brothertunes was voted the Swiss Top Act of the Month by Swiss national Radio DRS 3.
Shortly after their initial radio success, the German music magazine "Musikmarkt" highlighted Fonje and Hansen and their album Come Close and declared the duo a top act and promising talent whose talents would be recognized beyond Swiss borders. Further success followed in October 2006, when Brothertunes were voted by listeners of Radio Swiss Pop (FM 103.8) as the "Swiss Newcomers of the Year," which was the first time that such an award was presented by Radio Swiss Pop.
In 2008, Brothertunes released their second album A Million Things To Say. The album was produced by Grammy Award winner Van Hunt, who produced the first radio single, "Starship," which was the first of the three album single releases and became a Top 20 radio hit in Switzerland. The album was mixed by Hans-Martin Buff, who worked for over four years at the Paisley Park Studios and as personal engineer for Prince.
Acanthops falcata, common name South American dead leaf mantis or boxer mantis, is a species of praying mantis in the subfamily Acanthopinae of the family Acanthopidae and is one of many praying mantises from various genera that resembles a dead leaf.
As the common name describes, A. falcata resembles shriveled or dead leaves. It is not to be confused with Acanthops falcataria, a different species in the same genus that is often referred to with the same common name.
"Why" is a single by British music producer and remixer D Mob with singer-songwriter Cathy Dennis. It was the fourth single released from Dennis's 1992 album, Into the Skyline, a full year after her previous single from the album. In the UK, it reached number 23, making it the most successful single from the album.
Dennis performed the song on the season three episode of Beverly Hills, 90210, "A Night to Remember", in 1993, and appeared alongside Jason Priestley in the closing credits.
Schweizerischer Werkbund, (translated as Swiss Werkbund) is a Swiss association of artists, architects, designers, and industrialists established in 1913, inspired by the mission of the Deutscher Werkbund.
The Werkbund was founded on 17 May 1913 by different actors of the arts, architecture, advertisement, industry and politics at the Kunstgewerbemuseum in Zurich. This meeting was called by Alfred Altherr.
The Werkbund hosted meetings, lectures, and exhibitions. The Werkbund created a film to publicize the very first Swiss housing exhibition held within Belgium. The exhibition was known as WOBA.  They also published a monthly journal titled, Das Werk.
The instigation of the die Gut Forme campaign after World War II was the responsibility of the Werkbund. The campaign sought to proliferate the aims and ideals of the functionalism movement, and continued from sometime during 1949 to its closure sometime during 1969.
In 1970 the building underwent extensive renovations which saw a one-storey building in the north-west quadrant being built and yard constructions being dismantled. In 1972 the consulate-general of France occupied the building and has been located in it since.
The consulate-general is attached to the Embassy of France in Moscow and services the Northwest consular district, which includes Saint Petersburg, Leningrad Oblast, Republic of Karelia, Murmansk Oblast, Arkhangelsk Oblast, Pskov Oblast, Kaliningrad Oblast, Vologda Oblast and Novgorod Oblast. The consulate-general offers consular assistance to citizens of France, whilst promoting trade and cultural ties between the French people and businesses and their counterparts in Saint Petersburg.
Amber "Holly" Boykins (born April 4, 1969) is an American politician. She represented a portion of North St. Louis in the Missouri House of Representatives. She is a Democrat
Boykins is a St. Louis native. She graduated from Cardinal Ritter College Preparatory High School in 1987 and from Columbia College in 1991. She is currently pursuing both an MBA and a JD.
Boykins was elected State Representative in 1998 in a closely contested Democratic primary election  and was elected without opposition in the general election . She was re-elected in 2000, 2002, and 2004.
Due to term limits Boykins was unable to seek re-election in 2006. She announced her candidacy for the 4th District State Senate seat being vacated by Pat Dougherty. Other announced candidates were fellow State Representative Yaphett El-Amin, former State Representative Derio Gambaro, former St. Louis Alderman Kenny Jones, and political science professor Jeff Smith. The primary election was held on August 8, 2006, and was won by Jeff Smith, who was unopposed in the general election.
Deep Memorial Public School, situated at A-Block, Ramprastha, Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh, India and affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE), was established in 1988. The school is dedicated to the memory of Ch. Deep Chand Ji. It was formally inaugurated by Sh. Moti Lal Vohra, ex-governor of Uttar Pradesh. The school has boarding facilities and accepts students from all over India.
The motto of the school is "Work is Worship." A separate Junior branch was set up at D-Block, Ramprastha, Ghaziabad and was formally inaugurated by Governor of Uttar Pradesh Vishnu Kant Shastri.[citation needed]
Students join one of four houses, named Himadri, Shivalik, Aravali,  and Vindhya house after mountain ranges. Competitive events ranging from sports to quizzing are held throughout the year to decide for the best house of the academic year. It also takes children to trips across India every year.
This article about a school in Uttar Pradesh, India is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Oaths of Strasbourg were a military pact made on 14 February 842 by Charles the Bald and Louis the German against their older brother Lothair I, the designated heir of Louis the Pious, the successor of Charlemagne. One year later the Treaty of Verdun would be signed, with major consequences for Western Europe's geopolitical landscape.
Louis the German swore his oath in Romance so that the soldiers of Charles the Bald could understand him. Likewise, the latter recited his in Germanic so that Louis' soldiers would understand.
The Romance section of the Oaths is of special importance to historical linguistics, as it is the oldest extant document in France that was written deliberately and consistently in a form of Romance.
The Oaths were not preserved in their original form; they were instead copied by the historian Nithard, another grandson of Charlemagne, in a work titled De Dissensionibus Filiorum Ludovici Pii "On the Quarrels of Louis the Pious' Sons". This was a firsthand account, as Nithard had campaigned alongside his cousin Charles the Bald. It was however biased, reflecting the perspective of the allies and casting Lothair as an aggressor and villain.
Although the Oaths are of little political importance, given that they were superseded by the more comprehensive Treaty of Verdun, they are of significant importance to the field of linguistics. As the scholar Philippe Walter wrote:
"This is the oldest extant French text. It is political in nature, not literary, and is important in that it marks the written debut of the 'vulgar' tongue."
Nithard's text has been passed down to us via two manuscripts that are today kept at the National Library of France.
The other manuscript, which is kept in the same library under the call number Latin 14663, is a copy of the former that was made in the fifteen century.
Pro Deo amur et pro christian poblo et nostro commun salvament, d'ist di en avant, in quant Deus savir et podir me dunat, si salvarai eo, cist meon fradre Karlo, et in aiudha, et in cadhuna cosa, si cum om per dreit son fradra salvar dift, in o quid il mi altresi fazet, et ab Ludher nul plaid nunquam prindrai, qui meon vol cist meon fradre Karle in damno sit.
For the love of God and Christiandom and our joint salvation, from this day onward, to the best of my knowledge and abilities granted by God, I shall protect my brother Charles by any means possible, as one ought to protect one's brother, insofar as he does the same for me, and I shall never willingly enter into a pact with Lothair against the interests of my brother Charles
Si Lodhuvigs sagrament, que son fradre Karlo iurat conservat, et Karlus meos sendra de suo part non los tanit, si io returnar non l'int pois, ne io ne neuls, cui eo returnar int pois, in nulla aiudha contra Lodhuvig nun li iv er.
This is a close translation of Louis' oath, except that an equivalent to et in aiudha et in cadhuna cosa appears to be missing. The soldiers of Louis the German replied:
Oba Karl then eid, then er sinemo bruodher Ludhuuuige gesuor, geleistit, indi Ludhuuuig min herro, then er imo gesuor, forbrihchit, ob ih inan es iruuenden ne mag, noh ih noh thero nohhein, then ih es iruuenden mag, uuidhar Karle imo ce follusti ne uuirdit.
Several scholars consider the Romance portion of the Oaths to have been translated from an unattested Latin original, while others maintain its originality.
Nevertheless, various other scholars have suggested that the Oaths were written in an early form of Picard, Lyonnais, Lorraine, or Poitevin.
The following is a reconstructed narrow transcription of the pronunciation of Louis' oath and that of Charles' soldiers:
John Gilligan (born 28 March 1952) is a convicted Irish gangster. He was given a 28-year prison sentence for the trafficking of commercial quantities of cannabis resin. On appeal, this sentence was reduced to 20 years, and in October 2013, he was released after serving 17 years.
Gilligan's assets remained frozen by the Criminal Assets Bureau (CAB). On 30 January 2006, the High Court cleared the way for the CAB to proceed with an application to have the equestrian centre and other property that belonged to the Gilligan family handed over to the state. In January 2008, making a court appearance in an attempt to stop the state from selling off his assets, Gilligan accused John Traynor of having ordered the murder of Veronica Guerin.
In November 2012, the courts cleared the final barriers allowing the CAB to sell off the equestrian centre and Gilligan's house at Weston Green, Lucan. In July 2014, after a lengthy challenge, a Supreme Court ruling brought the CAB one step closer to selling off the house adjoining the equestrian centre, retained by Gilligan's wife, as well as additional properties in Blanchardstown and Lucan.
As part of attempts to repress organised crime, including Gilligan's drug trafficking activities, Ireland introduced new civil forfeiture legislation in the wake of the murder of Guerin, the Proceeds of Crime Act, 1996. Gilligan repeatedly challenged its constitutionality in the Supreme Court of Ireland and elsewhere.
On 23 October 2020, Gilligan and two other men, one believed to be his son, were arrested in Spain. Spanish police seized quantities of drugs and weapons. He was released on bail in December 2020.
"Western"-style horse hobbles are tied around the pasterns or cannon bones of the horse's front legs. They comprise three basic types:
Western hobbles are normally used to secure a horse when no tie device, tree, or other object is available for that purpose, e.g.,  when if traveling across open lands a rider has to dismount for various reasons. Hobbles also allow a horse to graze and move short and slow distances, yet prevent the horse from running off too far. This is handy at night if the rider has to get some sleep; using a hobble ensures that in the morning he can find his horse not too far away.
Hobble training a horse is a form of "sacking out" and desensitizing a horse to accept restraints on its legs. This helps a horse accept pressure on its legs in case it ever becomes entangled in barbed wire or fencing. A hobble trained horse is less likely to pull, struggle, and cut its legs in a panic, since it has been taught to give to pressure in its legs.
Hobbles date at least as far back as Ancient Egypt. Two Egyptian hieroglyphs are believed to depict hobbles.
Adelphia College was a Swedish-American college in Seattle, Washington, run by the Swedish Baptist Church. The institution opened in 1905, but went bankrupt in 1918 or 1919. 
In 1919, the main building and campus were sold to the Jesuit Seattle College (the later Seattle University); the campus has since 1930 been used by a related Jesuit institution, the Seattle Preparatory School.
The remaining archives of the college are kept in the Swenson Center at Augustana College (Illinois).
This article about a university or college in the state of Washington is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This biographical article relating to Icelandic badminton is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Allison married when she was 21 years old, and three years later they bought a home in East St Kilda for about $11,000. They later divorced. She now lives in Port Melbourne with her long-term partner.
Allison is an atheist who spoke first for the affirmative in a 2008 Australian Radio National debate "Would We Be Better Off Without Religion?".
She was awarded the Australian Humanist of the Year award in 2008 for her work in education, environment and women's rights.
In the 1990 federal election Allison stood as a Greens candidate in the division of Throsby, resulting in 1.7% of the vote. In 1994 Allison contested the state by-election for the Victorian Legislative Assembly district of Williamstown after the resignation of Joan Kirner, the former Premier of Victoria. Standing as the Democrat candidate, Allison gained 39% of the two-candidate preferred vote, with the seat won by Labor candidate Steve Bracks.
Allison won pre-selection on the Democrats ticket, was elected to the Australian Senate in 1996, and re-elected for a second term in the 2001 federal election.
During the 2007 election campaign, Allison announced a national preference deal with the Greens to increase the chance of a progressive party taking the balance of power in the Senate. Allison joined Bob Brown and Kate Lundy in a joint political advertisement sponsored by GetUp! urging voters to prevent the Senate from becoming a rubber stamp for the government of the day.
Allison received the support of community and interest groups such as the Asylum Seeker Resource Centre, for her support for refugees and asylum seekers; the Friends of the ABC, for promoting public broadcasting; and endorsements by prominent women and feminists such as Barbara Spalding and Anne Summers.
The Democrats failed to retain their seats in the Senate, with Allison losing her seat to the Labor Party candidate David Feeney. Allison's term expired on 30 June 2008, leaving the Australian Democrats with no federal representation for the first time since its founding in 1977.
Allison is a board member of eight organisations including Berry Street, Vision Australia, Alzheimer's Australia and her local nursing home. In 2012 Lyn Allison was inducted into the Victorian Honour Roll of Women for being a member of the Australian Senate from 1996 to 2008.
On 5 October, Allison became the 12th President of the Australian Democrats - resuming an active role within the party.
Senator Allison leads fellow Democrat senators into national federal election campaign launch in Melbourne, 2007
Senator Allison with Laura Chipp and Young Australian Democrats candidates during election campaign in Melbourne 2007
The island has been identified by BirdLife International as an Important Bird Area because it supports a high proportion of the nesting population of flesh-footed shearwaters (with up to 300,000 breeding pairs) and has supported relatively high numbers of breeding fairy terns.  Other birds recorded breeding on the island are little shearwaters, sooty oystercatchers and silver gulls.
This article about a location in Western Australia is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The American Night is a volume of poetry written by Jim Morrison, front-man for the 1960s psychedelic rock group, The Doors, and published posthumously in 1991, 20 years after his death (to the month) by Random House under the trade name imprint Villard Publishing. The book is structured into 10 sections. The title is eponymous with a poem that appears on the album American Prayer, itself a collection of spoken word and musical vignettes released in 1978.
The book consists of his theories on night which the publisher describes as containing "nightmarish images, bold associative leaps, and [a] volcanic power of emotion" and being "the unmistakable artifacts of a great, wild voice and heart."
The American Night is a follow-up and second volume to Wilderness: The Lost Writings of Jim Morrison (first published in 1988).
Morrison's work is often compared to that of French poet Arthur Rimbaud, specifically from his Illuminations collection.  Morrison once wrote in a letter to the translator of Rimbaud's collection, "Thanks for doing the Rimbaud translation. I read French but not too easily and I needed your translation. I am a rock singer and your book travels with me wherever I go."
Even before graduating from law school she ran for her first public office.  At age 23, she was elected municipal court judge in the Milwaukee suburb of St. Francis in the 1966 spring election.  After graduating from law school, she was hired as an assistant district attorney for Milwaukee County, which was her primary employment until her election to the Wisconsin State Assembly in 1972.
Tesmer appeared on the popular television gameshow What's My Line? in 1966, with Betty White and Allen Ludden as guest panelists.
Born in New York to parents of Greek and Chinese descent, Porfiris began the violin at age five as a Suzuki Method violin student. At age nine she started playing with the conductorless chamber orchestra group Tucson Junior Strings.
In 1988 as a member of the Schleswig-Holstein Musik Festival Orchester she accompanied Leonard Bernstein on his first concert tour back to the Soviet Union since 1959.
She earned two degrees from the Juilliard School and attended the Salzburg Mozarteum.  Her viola studies were with William Lincer and Paul Doktor, and chamber music studies with Norbert Brainin of the Amadeus Quartet, Harvey Shapiro, and members of the Juilliard Quartet.
She has served on the jury for the Washington International Competition for Strings and was a selection committee member for the United States Fulbright Scholar Program.
She performs regularly as a soloist and chamber musician. She is the violist in the Miller-Porfiris Duo with her husband, violinist Anton Miller.
Rita Porfiris has commissioned and performed the world premiere or U.S. premiere of many solo and chamber works for the viola. Composers she has premiered and/or commissioned include Errollyn Wallen, Max Lifchitz, Frank Wallace, Peter Aviss, Ken Steen, Mario Diaz Gavier, David Ashley White, Robert Avalon, and others.
This biographical article related to Swedish artistic gymnastics is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The ruins were subsequently demolished, and a new courthouse with a neoclassical design began to be built on the site on 5 May 1965. It was inaugurated on 9 January 1971. The site of the portico is scheduled at grade 3, according to a 2006 decision, as some remains of the auberge may remain below ground.
Psychological Studies is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Springer Science+Business Media. It is the official journal of the Indian National Academy of Psychology. The editor-in-chief is Damodar Suar (IIT Kharagpur). The special issue editor is Girishwar Misra (University of Delhi), who served as the editor-in-chief for 15 years through the end of 2015.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in the Indian Citation Index, Scopus, PsycINFO, and ProQuest databases.
This article about an academic journal on psychology is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
See tips for writing articles about academic journals. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.
Garver began his professional career at age 18 in 1944 with the Newark Moundsmen, St. Louis' affiliate to the Ohio State League.  Garver pitched in 32 games for the team, going 21-8 with an ERA of 1.21, ultimately leading the Moundsmen to the Ohio State League's first championship since the league was put on hiatus during World War II.  He led the team in ERA, games started, strikeouts, WHIP, and H/9.  
In 1945, Garver was briefly promoted to the Browns' Single-A affiliate, the Elmira Pioneers of the Eastern League, before being promoted again to the Double-A Toledo Mud Hens of the American Association.  In Toledo, he served as both a starting pitcher and a reliever, starting in 15 games while making relief appearances in 16.  He went 5-8 with an ERA of 4.64 and a WHIP of 1.712.
Garver was sent to the San Antonio Missions, another Double-A team in the St. Louis Browns organization, in 1946 and he would stay there until the end of the 1947 season.  During his two years in San Antonio, Garver went 25-22 with an ERA of 3.43.
Following the 1951 season, Browns owner Bill Veeck made Garver the highest paid member of the team with a salary of $25,000. Baseball Hall of Fame member Ted Williams said of Garver, "He could throw anything up there and get me out." In actuality, though, Williams' batting average off Garver was .419, with a .767 slugging percentage.
During the 1952 season, the Browns fired manager Rogers Hornsby, and the grateful players presented their owner with a trophy for getting rid of the hated manager. According to Garver, his teammates bought the trophy without his knowledge, but as their player representative, he was the one to present it to Veeck.
In 1954, Garver was leading the AL in ERA in mid-May, having posted an 0.49 mark in his first five games.
As a hitter, Garver had a career .218 batting average (180-for-827) with 87 runs, 7 home runs, 72 RBI and drawing 76 bases on balls.
Garver's primary pitch was a sinking fastball. During the 1947 season, he figured out how to throw a slider while playing catch with another player before a game. By putting pressure on his next-to-index finger, he could make the ball change directions as it came to the plate. "That pitch took me to the big leagues, and it kept me there," he credited its importance. he would try to add to his array of pitches during spring training, using the time for experimentation.
His injury in 1952 changed the way he pitched. "I was never as good after that," Garver said, but he was able to stay in the major leagues for several years by adjusting his approach. Garver would change speeds on his ball, and he would throw from different angels: overhand, underhand, and sidearm.
In 1996, the U.S. Postal Service issued a commemorative postmark in his honor in his hometown of Ney, Ohio, to mark the 45th anniversary of his 20-win season. On September 30, 1951, he was sent a plaque by the Commissioner of Baseball to commemorate the 20th victory, September 30, 1951.
In a conversation with Joe DiMaggio, Ted Williams mentioned he had "trouble" with Garver. "He could throw anything up there and get me out," Williams recalled.
The name, as is the case with other Arabic names, is not only confined to Muslims. Notable examples of Christian individuals named Habib include Habib the Deacon,  Gabriel Habib and the Philosopher Habib.
Yaou was a commune until March 2012, when it became one of 1126 communes nationwide that were abolished. In 2014, the population of the sub-prefecture of Yaou was 19,004.
Satanachia is described in the Grand Grimoire as a commander-in-chief of Satan's army, who controls either forty-five or fifty-four legions of demons, including Pruflas, Aamon, Barbatos, and Astaroth.  According to the Grand Grimoire, he has the power to subjugate all women and girls, and to do with them whatever he wishes.
Upon learning of the French defeat at Polotsk, Victor, the commander of the French IX corps which Napoleon had kept in reserve at Smolensk, marched northeast with 22,000 troops to restore the Dwina Line. At Chashniki, on the Ulla River, he united with elements of the II Corps, which was retreating from Polotsk. The combined II and IX corps put 36,000 troops at Victor's disposal.
Wittgenstein, after leaving 9,000 soldiers to garrison territory captured as a result of his victory at Polotsk, marched south to Chashniki with 30,000 troops to deal with Victor.
The combat at Chashniki was conducted chiefly by Wittgenstein's advance guard, 11,000 troops led by General Yashvil, and the II Corps on the French side.
Although the Russian victory at Chashniki was indecisive, its outcome was highly unfavorable to Napoleon for several reasons. 
Also, as a result of his victories at Polotsk and Chashniki, Wittgenstein dispatched a force under General Harpe to capture the massive French supply depot at Vitebsk. On 7 November, after a short combat, the French garrison at Vitebsk surrendered to Harpe, and huge caches of foodstuffs and war material fell into Russian hands.
Upon learning of the Russian victory at Chashniki, Napoleon ordered Victor to immediately attack Wittgenstein again and recapture Polotsk.  This led to yet another French defeat, the Battle of Smoliani, on 14 November 1812.
Unison is a studio album by musicians George Mraz and Zoe Rahman, released on 15 July 2013 by Cube-Metier.
Music producer Paul Vlcek sought Zoe Rahman out to play with George Mraz from amongst the most talented British jazz pianists.
Steve Arloff of MusicWeb International said of Unison, "...this superb disc of beautiful chamber jazz because it truly represents the meeting of minds of two superlative musicians who, would you believe, met for the first time only on the afternoon of this, the third in a series of concerts held for charity."
Tim Blue (born July 10, 1984) is an American professional basketball player, who lastly played for Antibes Sharks of the French LNB Pro A. Blue usually plays as power forward or small forward. In his professional career, he has played in the Netherlands, Germany, Finland and France.
Flud had been tagged as "the first true social news reader" where users could create a personal profile, follow others who share their interests, and become influencers to their followers by sharing content (known as Fluding).
For Fluding via the web, a bookmarklet was also available. A full web application had been under development.[citation needed]
Flud started as a secret sauce project in the summer of 2010 between Bobby Ghoshal and Matthew Ausonio, cofounders of Made By Rabbit, Inc., a startup out of San Diego, California. Flud 1.0 for the iPad hit the iOS App Store in August 2010 and was made available for the iPhone in the following months.
Flud received $1 million in seed funding in April 2011 and became available on Android mobile devices in August 2011.
In December 2011, Flud 2.0 hit the App Store as a new type of social news reader, allowing users to create their own news personalities and become a trusted source on topical interests. Major changes included the addition of social features, an updated user interface design, and Tumblr support. Flud 2.0 launched on Windows Phone and Android devices in March 2012.
On August 8, 2013, the Flud service was discontinued. Users had until that date to download all their data.
This article about a Registered Historic Place in Caroline County Maryland is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Van Uylenburgh took over the business of Cornelis van der Voort and became an art dealer, employing painters in his own studio. In 1631 Rembrandt moved into van Uylenburgh's house (adjacent to Rembrandt's later home, now the Rembrandt House Museum) to work in Van Uylenburgh's studio. Rembrandt became chief painter of the studio and in 1634 married Van Uylenburgh's first cousin Saskia van Uylenburgh.
In 1647 Van Uylenburgh had to move to a new location on Dam square, because Nicolaes Eliaszoon Pickenoy sold the house. When his house on Dam square was appropriated to build a new city hall (now the Royal Palace), Van Uylenburgh relocated to Westermarkt square.
His son Gerrit van Uylenburgh took over the family business after Van Uylenburgh's death and burial in the Westerkerk church in 1661. Gerrit went bankrupt in 1675  following accusations that he had sold forged art to Frederick William, Elector of Brandenburg.
In 2006 the Rembrandt House Museum presented an exhibition around Hendrick van Uylenburgh and his son Gerrit. The exhibition was also shown at the Dulwich Picture Gallery in London.
A Pythagorean cup (also known as a Pythagoras cup, Greedy Cup, Cup of Justice, Tantalus cup or i koupa tis dikaiosynis) is a practical joke device in a form of a drinking cup, credited to Pythagoras of Samos.[citation needed] When it is filled beyond a certain point, a siphoning effect causes the cup to drain its entire contents through the base. The cup can be used to learn about greed.
The 1988 All-SEC football team consists of American football players selected to the All-Southeastern Conference (SEC) chosen by various selectors for the 1988 college football season.
During the winter break, he left Jagodina and returned to Libya and played for his former club Al-Ittihad Tripoli.
HMS Cooke (K471) was a British Captain-class frigate of the Royal Navy in commission during World War II. Originally constructed as the United States Navy Evarts-class destroyer escort USS Dempsey (DE-267), she served in the Royal Navy from 1943 to 1946.
The ship was laid down as the U.S. Navy destroyer escort USS Dempsey (DE-267), the first ship of the name, by the Boston Navy Yard in Boston, Massachusetts, on 11 March 1943 and launched on 22 April 1943, sponsored by Mrs. J. A. Dempsey, mother of the late Lieutenant, junior grade Richard John Dempsey (1919-1942), for whom the ship was named. Dempsey was transferred to the United Kingdom under Lend-Lease upon completion on 23 August 1943.
CMA CGM Bougainville is container ship, built in 2015 by Samsung Heavy Industries for CMA CGM on French Asia Line (FAL). The vessel was the largest container carrier operating under the flag of France. The vessel is the largest container ship in the world at the time of her launch in August 2015, having maximum capacity for 18,000 TEU with 1,254 reefer plugs.
The container ship CMA CGM Bougainville is driven by modern low-speed engine MAN B&W 11S90ME-C9.2, which has total output power of 64,000 kW.
"A Decade Under the Influence" is a song by American rock band Taking Back Sunday. The song was released as the lead single from the band's second studio album Where You Want to Be. "A Decade Under the Influence" would become the band's breakout single, peaking at no. 16 on the Billboard Alternative Songs chart and no. 70 on the UK Singles Chart.
The song started out as riff written by rhythm guitarist Eddie Reyes. Vocalist Adam Lazzara wrote the lyrics after he had broken up with a long-time girlfriend; his ex-girlfriend had purchased tickets for the pair to attend a Coldplay concert and, despite the two having broken up, still went to the show together. Lazzara called the car ride a very awkward experience. The song itself is about someone who realizes he understands less about the world than he had originally thought.
The Eighteenth Connecticut House of Representatives district elects one member of the Connecticut House of Representatives. Its current representative is Jillian Gilchrest. The district consists of part of the town of West Hartford. 
The book is a series of letters to her six children, either grown, or nearly so. The subjects that she approaches through the medium of letters include: growing pains and adolescent anxieties about love, sex and friendship; religion and God; the challenge of being a responsible parent, death, remembrance and family traditions, the place of career, sex and of values in the lives of her children.
The species name refers to the coloration of the forewings and is derived from Latin silaceus (meaning ochre).
Lynfield College is a secondary education provider in Lynfield, Auckland, New Zealand. It celebrated its 50th anniversary in 2008.
The school practices NCEA for assessments and examinations, and has high achievement rates compared to the national average.
The land that Lynfield College now occupies used to be a poultry farm. This farm provided table fowls and eggs for the Auckland Area. The original name for the farm was Linfield. Alfred Bankhart established Lynfield on land gifted to him by Sir John Logan Campbell. Gilletta Road in Lynfield was named after Bankheart's wife's maiden name. Another Owner of the Property was Mr Irvine. He diversified from farming poultry to founding the giant baking and pastry firm Irvines Bakery.
The LBO (or leveraged buyout) valuation model estimates the current value of a business to a "financial buyer", based on the business's forecast financial performance. An already-completed five-year financial forecast and two assumptions are all that is necessary to create a first draft of a comprehensive LBO valuation of the business.
From a processing standpoint, the model makes a copy of the already completed five-year forecast and uses that copy (and any changes one makes to it) for projecting future operating results. As such, the original forecast is preserved.
The model analyzes the value of a business from the point of view of a "financial buyer" who owns no other businesses in your industry and, therefore, expects all of its investment return to result solely from the future operations of the business. The LBO valuation model assumes that the buyer has investigated a business and operating plan and believes the business will achieve the financial results one has forecast.
From a timing standpoint, the LBO valuation model assumes that the financial buyer intends to purchase the business at the beginning of year two of a five-year forecast and intends to own the business for the ensuing four years, and then sell the business.
In order to generalize the analysis across a potentially infinite range of "deal" attributes, the model assumes the financial buyer is buying only the assets of the business and assuming none of its liabilities. Therefore, the seller of the business needs to pay off all of the liabilities of the business (and in all likelihood, the income tax owed as a result of the gain realized on the sale of the assets) from purchase price paid to the seller by the financial buyer.
"Crystallize" is a song by Australian recording artist Kylie Minogue. It was written by Minogue, Dev Hynes and Scott Hoffman. The song was originally recorded for Minogue's 2014 album, Kiss Me Once, but did not make the final cut.
In the United Kingdom, "Crystallize" debuted and peaked at number 60 selling 3,278 copies, but fell out of the top 100 the following week. The song managed to chart within the top 40 in Flanders and Wallonia. In Spain, the song charted inside the top 50 at number 44. In Ireland and France, the song was less successful, charting at number 88 and 139 respectively.
About 2000 Hungarian Jewish women were held in this subcamp, and were given the task of clearing the area of the Gelsenberg Benzin AG of rubble in the summer 1944.
Approximately 150 of them were killed during heavy bombing attacks on the hydrogenation plant in September 1944. A few badly injured survivors were taken to Gelsenkirchen hospitals.
After the dissolution of the camp in the middle of September 1944, the remaining Hungarian Jewish women in the camp were sent to the subcamp Soemmerda in Thuringia and the other women were shifted to Essen into another subcamp of the KZ Buchenwald
The Gelsenzentrum, a center for urban and contemporary history in Gelsenkirchen, contains documents concerning the history of the subcamp Gelsenberglager. An essay, Das Gelsenberg Lager (PDF), and a list with the names of the victims is accessible on the web page of GELSENZENTRUM
Parliamentary elections were held in Kosovo on 12 December 2010, following a vote of no-confidence in the government that brought forward the election. Those were the first elections after the country declared independence.
This was to be the first election since Kosovo's unilateral declaration of independence, and the International Court of Justice's advisory opinion on the legality of the declaration.
In the Assembly (Kuvendi/Skupstina), 100 members are elected through an open-list proportional representation system to serve 4-year terms and 20 members are reserved to represent Kosovo's national minorities to serve 4-year terms.
In the proportional tier, there is a 30 percent female quota under which every third candidate must be female. Electors may vote for up to five individual candidates within the list they choose. For the 20 reserved seats, 10 seats are reserved for Serbs, 4 seats for the Roma, Ashkali and Egyptians, 3 seats for the Bosniaks, Montenegrins, Croats, Hungarians, Toskan, 2 seats for the Turks, and seat for the Gorans.
At a party congress on 7 November, Pristina mayor Isa Mustafa was elected as the new leader of LDK, beating incumbent Fatmir Sejdiu with 235 to 125 votes.
Following a 21 November municipal election that was found to have had mistakes, the CEC,and the largest monitoring mission, Democracy in Action, admitted having made the mistakes in vote counting in Orahovac with second place being given to the wrong party. This raised concerns for the parliamentary election.
Voting in the north would occur in temporary polling stations; while turnout was predicted to be low, Serbs in other areas of Kosovo were expected to have a big turnout.
The Election Complaint and Appeals Panel received 171 complaints from political entities over various violations, such as stuffing ballot boxes, multiple voting and defective verification ultraviolet lamps.
Chief State Prosecutor Ismet Kabashi called upon prosecutors from seven municipalities to collect evidence of fraud. Municipal officials were after a trial sentenced to 6 months of prison.[citation needed]
The coalition agreements, according to the foreign media, foresee that: The PDK will get a deputy prime minister and ten ministries, AKR would get a deputy prime minister and three ministries, the Serb minority party SLS would get the post of another deputy prime minister and three ministries, the Ibrahim Rugova List would get another deputy prime minister and a ministry and the other non-Serbian minorities (working together as the parliamentary group "6 plus") would also get a ministry.
The coalition agreement was finally signed on 20 February 2011 and the distribution of ministries was:
He is still worshipped as the supreme creator god in Watsdin, and is believed to reside in every living being, and to manifest in mankind as consciousness and worthy action.
St. John's Regional Medical Center is a hospital located in Oxnard, California in the United States, and is operated by Dignity Health, along with its sister hospital, St. John's Hospital Camarillo in Camarillo. The hospital was founded in 1912.
Darren Lee serves as president and CEO of both St. John's Pleasant Valley and St. John's Regional Medical Center.
In 1827 in Dublin, Ireland, Catherine McAuley, a wealthy Irish heiress, began caring for poor women and children. She wanted her service to the poor to endure, so she founded the Sisters of Mercy in 1831. The organization expanded to the United States in 1843, and by 1854, the Sisters of Mercy had settled in San Francisco, California.
On April 25, 1915, Bishop Thomas J. Conaty blessed and dedicated the permanent hospital structure consisting of 25 patient beds, which was built right next to the temporary structure. Showing dignity and justice for the entire community, Rev. Laubacher declared that "the doors of this building are thrown open to the sick and suffering, regardless of creed or color."
In 1927, the hospital's staff and physicians were recognized for excellence in patient care when the American College of Surgeons, the first hospital accreditation agency, granted St. John's standardization approval.
Decades later in 1952, as a booming post-war population in Oxnard made it necessary to build a larger hospital, a two-story building with 75 patient beds was opened and dedicated by Cardinal James Francis McIntyre. This hospital was located on F Street in Oxnard. During the next 35 years, as community need grew, St. John's continued to expand the facility with the addition of two floors and ancillary areas.
In 1958, a broadcasting console was constructed at the hospital under the direction of John F. Conroy, chief engineer, with components donated by Peter J. Even. The console enabled patients to watch television programs from their beds and it enabled nurses to pipe music to remote stations throughout the hospital. This console was the first of its kind in the area.
In 1993, St. John's Regional Medical Center in Oxnard merged with its sister hospital St. John's Hospital Camarillo (originally known as Pleasant Valley Hospital) in Camarillo, creating the largest acute healthcare organization in Ventura County.
In 1996, St. John's Cancer Center of Ventura County opened to offer free support programs and services for cancer patients and their families.
In 2005, the hospital dedicated the Mary Gabriel and Mary Michael Comfort Care Suites, Family Retreat, and Kitchen. The suites provide a peaceful environment in a home-like setting for palliative care patients and their families. In 2009, St. John's Palliative Care Program was honored with the prestigious Circle of Life Recognition.
In 2010, the hospital added a 128-slice computed tomography (CT) scanner to its diagnostic imaging services.
In 2003, St. John's Regional Medical Center and St. John's Pleasant Valley Hospital's community newsletter, which at the time was called Living Well, was presented with the prestigious Bronze award by HMR Publications Group, Inc. at the annual Healthcare Advertising Awards in the Newsletter category. Living Well was produced by St. John's Public Relations and Communications Department and published by Diablo Custom Publishing (DCP).
In 2006, in a report released by the Office of Statewide Health Planning and Development (OSHPD), St. John's Regional Medical Center earned a rating of Better in the first mandatory "California Report on Coronary Artery Bypass Graft (CABG) Surgery 2003 Hospital Data." St. John's was one of only four hospitals in California, and the only hospital in Ventura County, to earn this designation.
In July 2009, St. John's Regional Medical Center and St. John's Pleasant Valley Hospital received a Circle of Life Award Citations of Honor from the American Hospital Association.
Tapeina paulista is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Marinoni in 1972. It is known from Brazil.
The Provincial Government of East Pakistan governed the East Pakistan (now Bangladesh) province and was centered in its provincial capital Dhaka. The head of the province was the Governor, who was nominated by the President of Pakistan. While the head of the province of East Pakistan was the Chief Minister who was elected by the East Pakistan Assembly.
The East Pakistani government was dominated by the Awami League. It was succeeded by the Government of Bangladesh following the province's secession in 1971.
After absorption into the Dominion of Pakistan, the province of East Pakistan (former East Bengal) was administered by a ceremonial Governor and an indirectly elected Chief Minister. During the year from May 1954 to August 1955, executive powers were exercised by the Governor and there was no Chief Minister.
Lopatki is located 12 km north of Ramon (the district's administrative centre) by road. Borki is the nearest rural locality.
David Albert Yetman (born 1941) is an American academic expert on Sonora, Mexico and an Emmy award-winning media presenter on the world's deserts. He is a research social scientist at the University of Arizona.
Yetman was born in New Jersey, USA. His father was a minister for the Methodist Church. Following the onset of acute asthma, his family moved with him to the dry climate of southern Arizona when he was a teenager. They arrived in Duncan, Arizona in 1954 and then moved to Prescott in 1955 where he went to Prescott High School.
His TV career as host of The Desert Speaks began in 2000, a series lasting 9 years. His PBS series In the Americas with David Yetman began in 2011 and deals with quirky and interesting corners of the Western Hemisphere. As of 2020, eight seasons of ten episodes each have aired.
He is the son of Jomo Kenyatta, Kenya's first president and his fourth wife Mama Ngina Kenyatta. He has been married to Margaret Gakuo Kenyatta since 1991. They have three children: his two sons Jomo and Muhoho, and his daughter Ngina. 
Uhuru was re-elected for a second and final term in the August 2017 general elections, winning 54% of the popular vote. The win was formally declared on national television by the Chairperson of the Independent Electoral and Boundaries Commission (IEBC), Mr. Wafula Chebukati.
However, Uhuru's election was challenged in the Supreme Court of Kenya by his main competitor, Raila Odinga. On 1 September 2017, the court declared the election invalid and ordered a new presidential election to take place within 60 days from the day of the ruling. A new presidential election was held on 26 October, which he won, with 39.03% electoral voter participation.
His family hails from the Kikuyu, a Bantu ethnic group. His given name "Uhuru" is from the Swahili term for "freedom", and was given to him in anticipation of Kenya's upcoming independence. Uhuru attended St Mary's School in Nairobi. Between 1979 and 1980, he also briefly worked as a teller at the Kenya Commercial Bank.
After attending St. Mary's school, Uhuru went on to study economics, political science and government at Amherst College in the United States. Upon his graduation, Uhuru returned to Kenya, and started a company Wilham Kenya Limited, through which he sourced and exported agricultural produce.
Subsequently, Uhuru Kenyatta was Minister of Finance from 2009 to 2012, while remaining Deputy Prime Minister. Accused by the International Criminal Court (ICC) of committing crimes against humanity in relation to the violent aftermath of the 2007 election, he resigned as Minister of Finance on 26 January 2012. He was elected as President of Kenya in the March 2013 presidential election, defeating Raila Odinga with a slim majority in a single round of voting.
In the 1997 general election, Uhuru Kenyatta contested for the Gatundu South Constituency parliamentary seat, once held by his father, but lost to Moses Mwihia, a Nairobi architect.
In 1999, Moi appointed Uhuru to chair the Kenya Tourism Board, a government parastatal. In 2001, he was nominated as a Member of Parliament, and he joined the Cabinet as Minister for Local Government. He would also later be elected First Vice Chairman of KANU.
Uhuru finished second to Mwai Kibaki in the General Elections, with 31% of the vote. He conceded defeat and took up an active leadership role as Leader of the Opposition.
In January 2005, Uhuru Kenyatta defeated Nicholas Biwott for chairmanship of KANU, taking 2,980 votes among party delegates against Biwott's 622 votes.
Uhuru led his party KANU in the referendum campaigns against the draft constitution in 2005, having teamed up with the Liberal Democratic Party, a rebel faction in the Kibaki government, to form the Orange Democratic Movement. The result of this was a vote against the adoption of the draft constitution by a noticeable margin, which was a great political embarrassment to Emilio Mwai Kibaki.
In November 2006, Kenyatta was displaced as KANU leader by the late Nicholas Biwott. On 28 December 2006, the High Court of Kenya reinstated Uhuru Kenyatta as KANU chairman. However, further court proceedings followed. On 28 June 2007, the High Court confirmed Kenyatta as party leader, ruling that there was insufficient evidence for Biwott's argument that Kenyatta had joined another party.
On 13 September 2007, Uhuru Kenyatta withdrew from the December 2007 presidential election in favour of Kibaki for re-election. He said that he did not want to run unless he could be sure of winning.
Kenyatta and the rest of the Cabinet were sworn in on 17 April. Uhuru Kenyatta was later moved from Local Government and appointed Minister for Finance on 23 January 2009. During his tenure, he spearheaded a number of reform measures that changed how treasury and government by extension transact business, such as the Integrated Financial Management Information System (IFMIS) and a fund for the inclusion of the informal sector in the mainstream economy.
Uhuru ran for president in the elections held on 4 March 2013 and garnered 6,173,433 votes (50.03%) out of the 12,338,667 votes cast. As this was above the 50% plus 1 vote threshold, he won the election in the first round thus evading a run-off between the top two candidates. He was, therefore, declared the fourth President of the Republic of Kenya by the Independent Electoral and Boundaries Commission (IEBC).
On 9 March 2018 Uhuru Kenyatta agreed on a truce between the opposition leader, Raila Odinga. This action marked the country's watershed moment that redrew its political architecture. On 27 November 2019, Uhuru Kenyatta launched the Building Bridges Initiatives (BBI) in Bomas of Kenya. This is one of the outcomes as a result of the truce with the opposition leader Raila Odinga as its implementations will foresee some amendments in the Kenyan Constitution.
On 31 October 2013, the ICC postponed Kenyatta's trial for crimes against humanity by three months until 5 February 2014 after the defense had requested more time.
On 20 May 2012, Uhuru Kenyatta attended the elaborately assembled and much-publicized launch of The National Alliance party in a modern high-tech dome at the Kenyatta International Conference Centre. His presence at the TNA launch was a strong indication that he would contest for the party's presidential nomination ticket in his quest for the presidency in the 2013 General Elections.
The Justice and Constitutional Affairs Minister Eugene Wamalwa and Eldoret North Constituency MP William Ruto led more than 70 MPs in attending the function. The Speaker of the East African Legislative Assembly, Abdi Ramadhan, Cabinet Ministers Mohamed Yusuf Haji, Jamleck Irungu Kamau, Dr. Naomi Shaaban, Samuel Poghisio, Professor Sam Ongeri and Dr. Mohammed Kuti and MPs Charles Cheruiyot Keter, Aden Bare Duale and Mohamed Maalim Mohamud also attended the event.
TNA won civic and parliamentary seats in 7 different counties while its closest challengers, ODM won seats in 4 counties. The National Alliance Party remained a strong contender for the following year's general elections, having received major defections from other big political parties of Kenya. The successful election of TNA's main candidates (Uhuru Kenyatta and William Ruto) continued to enhance TNA's viability.
Uhuru Kenyatta's party, The National Alliance (TNA) joined William Ruto's United Republican Party (URP), Najib Balala's Republican Congress Party (RCP) and Charity Ngilu's National Rainbow Coalition party to form the Jubilee Alliance coalition. Various opinion polls prior to the election placed Uhuru as one of the main contenders, and his Jubilee Alliance as among the most popular. The other formidable coalition was the Coalition For Reform and Democracy (CORD), led by Raila Odinga.
As per the IEBC's official results, Uhuru got 6,173,433 of the 12,221,053 valid votes cast ahead of the second placed Raila Odinga who garnered 5,340,546 (43.7%). Uhuru's result was 50.51% of the vote and was above the 50% plus 1 vote threshold set out in the 2010 constitution, thus making him the president-elect.
There was some discontent with the official results, as would be expected in such a hotly contested election, especially in Raila Odinga's strongholds. The inordinate delay in releasing the results and the technical failure of some safeguards and election equipment deployed by the IEBC did not help the perception that the election had been less than free and fair.
Two groups disputed these results and filed petitions challenging various aspects of it at the Supreme Court of Kenya to contest the result. The groups were the Coalition For Reform and Democracy, CORD, led by Raila Odinga, and the Africa Centre for Open Governance (AFRICOG). Uhuru Kenyatta and his running mate were respondents in these cases and were represented by Fred Ngatia and Katwa Kigen respectively.
 The Supreme court judges unanimously upheld the election of Uhuru Kenyatta as Kenya's fourth president after rejecting Raila Odinga's petition in a verdict delivered on Saturday 30 March 2013. Chief Justice Willy Mutunga in his ruling said the elections were indeed conducted in compliance with the Constitution and the law.
 After the Supreme Court dismissed the petitions the swearing in ceremony was held on 9 April 2013 at the Moi International Sports Centre, Kasarani, Nairobi, in accordance to Article 141 (2) (b) of the constitution which stipulates that in case the Supreme Court upholds the victory of the president-elect, the swearing in will take place on "the first Tuesday following the seventh day following the date on which the court renders a decision declaring the election to be valid".
During his inaugural speech, Uhuru promised economic transformation through Vision 2030, unity among all Kenyans, free maternal care and that he will serve all Kenyans. He also promised to improve the standards of education in Kenya. During the Madaraka day Celebrations, a national holiday celebrated to the country's independence on 1 June, President Uhuru Kenyatta announced free maternal care in all public health facilities, a move that was welcomed by many Kenyans.
On 1 September 2017, the Supreme Court of Kenya nullified the re-election of Uhuru Kenyatta after the Independent Electoral and Boundaries Commission (IEBC) had announced him the winner on 8 August 2017. As a result of that, there was a need for the election to be held once again. It was scheduled for 26 October 2017. After the reelection, Uhuru Kenyatta emerged the winner once again.
His major challenges include the high cost of living, rising public debt, a high public wage bill and allegations of corruption among people close to his government. The 2017 general election and its violence is also a challenge that threatened not only his presidency but also the future of the East African Nation
On 28 June 2018, Kenyatta declared a major crackdown on corruption and stated that no one was immune from corruption charges in Kenya. Kenyatta also stated his own brother Muhoho, a director in a company that had been accused in parliament of importing contraband sugar, should be charged if there is clear evidence against him.
On 28 May 2020, a breakthrough in Kenyatta's pledge to combat corruption in Kenya occurred when 40 civil servants and 14 private sector officials, including National Youth Service (NYS) Director General Richard Ndubai, were arrested on charges related to the National Youth Service scandal.
President Kenyatta has led and negotiated peace agreements in the South Sudan and in the Democratic Republic of Congo. At the East African level, he has developed a close relationship with the Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni and Rwanda President Paul Kagame, creating the Coalition of the Willing, a caucus within the EAC that has signed on to more joint development and economic agreements than the other EAC partners, including a joint tourist visa.
He attended the funeral of Nelson Mandela and was received warmly by the crowds. He also attended the funeral of President Michael Sata of Zambia in November 2014. However, it had been perceived that his administration's relations with Botswana were strained due to Botswana's support of the ICC process. He has since visited Botswana to remove this perception and Botswana voted in favor of the AU's ICC Resolution.
The Cabinet fell on 19 July 1972 just a year into its term and was replaced by the caretaker Cabinet Biesheuvel II with Biesheuvel continuing as Prime Minister. For the election of 1972 Biesheuvel served once again as Lijsttrekker but the following cabinet formation resulted in a coalition lead by Labour Leader Joop den Uyl. Biesheuvel left office following the installation of the Cabinet Den Uyl on 11 May 1973 and announced his retirement and stepped down as Leader on 15 May 1973.
Between 1956 and 1963 he represented the Anti-Revolutionary Party in the House of Representatives (the lower house of parliament). From 1957 to 1961 he held a seat on the Consultative Assembly of the Council of Europe and from 1961 to 1963 in the European Parliament.
In the successive administrations headed by Marijnen, Cals and Zijlstra between 24 July 1963 and 5 April 1967 he was Deputy Prime Minister with additional responsibility for matters concerning Suriname and the Netherlands Antilles, and Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries.
In 1967 he returned to the House of Representatives and became leader of the parliamentary Anti-Revolutionary Party. During the same period he also chaired the Shipbuilding Board and the Committee on Government Information Reform.
On 22 November 1945, Biesheuvel married his longtime partner, Wilhelmina Jacoba "Mies" Meuring (born 7 August 1919). They had two daughters and one son. Mies Meuring died on 17 January 1989 at the age of 69. Barend Biesheuvel died in a hospital in Haarlem from cardiovascular disease on 29 April 2001 at the age of 81. Biesheuvel and his wife were buried at the main cemetery in Bloemendaal.
The Progressive Aerodyne SeaRey is an American two-seat, single-engine, amphibious flying boat designed and manufactured by Progressive Aerodyne originally in Orlando, Florida, and now in Tavares, Florida. It was first flown in November 1992 and is sold as a kit aircraft for amateur construction as well as a light-sport aircraft.
The latest variant of the Searey is the LSA (also available as LSX) for the US light-sport aircraft category, introduced in 2010.
In the United States the SeaRey may be registered either as a light sport aircraft or as an amateur-built experimental.
The Canadian Aviation Regulations allow the SeaRey to be registered either as an amateur built, basic ultralight or as an advanced ultralight aeroplane. The SeaRey 115 is only eligible as an AULA if the carbon fiber hull is used, due to category empty weight limitations.
There is only one model of the SeaRey but different hull designs of increasing strength have developed over the years, designated as "A," "B" and "C" hulls. The latest "C" hull is available in either carbon fiber or fiberglass.
The windshield and the sliding canopies on either side are made of Lexan. The canopies are track-mounted, can be opened in flight and can also be locked closed on the ground.
The SeaRey's landing gear consists of two main retractable wheels and a tailwheel in conventional landing gear configuration. Originally the landing gear was retracted for water operations by means of a mechanical Johnson-bar lever that raises or lowers all three wheels simultaneously. More recent retraction options include: manual, hydraulic or electric. The electric actuator is the newest and most popular, but the manual is the lightest.
In 2012, author Richard Bach flew the SeaRey he named Puff, from Florida to his home near Seattle. That trip was chronicled in his book, Travels With Puff: A Gentle Game of Life and Death. In Puff, Bach suffered near-fatal injuries in a landing accident on San Juan Island, Washington in late 2012. He later wrote about the accident, and both his and Puff's recovery, in the book, Illusions II: The Adventures of a Reluctant Student.
In 2015, over the course of seven months, pilot Michael Smith flew around the world in a SeaRey, setting a record as the first person to fly a solo circumnavigation of the globe in a single-engine flying boat. Smith chronicled his journey in the book, "Voyage of the Southern Sun."
Members of the CAS/CSE family of proteins have two domains. An N-terminal Cse1 domain, which contains HEAT repeats, and a C-terminal domain.
Maple Grove Farm (544 Long Creek Road) in Dover, Tennessee, was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 31, 2019.
This article about a property in Stewart County, Tennessee on the National Register of Historic Places is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This biographical article relating to a Japanese baseball infielder is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The IEEE Herman Halperin Electric Transmission and Distribution Award is a Technical Field Award of the IEEE that is presented for outstanding contributions to electric transmission and distribution. The award may be presented annually to an individual or a team of up to three people. It was instituted by the IEEE Board of Directors in 1986.
Gaskain was educated at Haileybury. He joined the Metropolitan Police in 1936. He qualified as a barrister in 1944. He was Assistant Chief Constable of Norfolk Police from 1942 to 1952; Chief Constable of the Cumberland and Westmorland force from 1952 to 1959; and Chief Constable of Gloucestershire from 1960 to 1962. He joined Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Constabulary in 1962.
This biography article about law enforcement in the United Kingdom is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Neofriseria sceptrophora is a moth of the family Gelechiidae. It is found in Afghanistan and Turkey.
He participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics. There he was stopped in the second round of the featherweight (57 kg) division by North Korea's eventual runner-up Kim Song-Guk.
Kupatadze won bronze medals in the same division at the 2002 European Amateur Boxing Championships and the 2004 European Amateur Boxing Championships.
This biographical article related to a boxer from the country of Georgia is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
In radiology, Garland's triad (also known as the 1-2-3 sign) is the concurrence of reasonably symmetrical bilateral hilar lymphadenopathy and right paratracheal lymphadenopathy seen on a chest radiograph. These features are suggestive of thoracic sarcoidosis.
The area is well vegetated with mulga and salt bush as well as grass that grows in abundance and which was often cut to make hay. In 1910 25 tons of hay was cut and stacked for homestead stock.
The country was pioneered by T. O'Grady, his brother Robert O'Grady and two other men. O'Grady constructed a rudimentary hut and shearing shed a few miles from the current homestead. The party came down with a fever in their first year and a shepherd ended up taking the sick man to Geraldton in a cart for treatment. One of the men died during the journey. Upon returning the O'Gradys built the current homestead.
The station came into the hands of James Aitkin and Mr. Birrell prior to 1879. Birrell died afterwards leaving his share to be put up for auction, which in turn was acquired by Aitkin. Aitkin had moved over from Victoria in 1879 with enough capital to get Milly Milly well established.
In 1886 the station sheared over 20,000 sheep and was managed by Archie Campbell, who had been there since 1883.
The Murchison district was hit by drought in 1891 but Milly Milly, along with Boolardy and Murgoo Station, was believed to be the best off.
Murder occurred at Milly Milly in 1893, when an Aboriginal woman was killed as she walked to Nookawarra Station with a worker from the station, Peter John Keeshan, where Keeshan was catching the mail coach. Keeshan was accused of the killing and went to trial but was found not guilty.
Flooding occurred at Milly Milly and other stations along the Murchison River, including Mileura, following heavy rains in March and April 1900. Buildings were washed away and much fencing was lost along with stock being drowned.
The station was briefly owned by Archibald M'Kellar of Geraldton, who had inherited it from his brother-in-law, James Aitken. M'Kellar, who was described as being "of eccentric disposition" died in 1904 and left a will leaving his estate to a cousin in Scotland and to hospitals in Perth, Fremantle and Geraldton, but neglected to specify the share each would receive.
It was acquired shortly afterwards by the Mulcahy brothers, Daniel and Michael, who were well known hoteliers in Perth, Fremantle and Kalgoorlie in 1905. The brothers left the property under the management of Fred Caeser, who had been manager at Milly Milly since about 1899.
A second murder occurred at the station in November 1912; the cook, Jimmy Carlo, was arrested after the station accountant, Percy Tompkiss, was poisoned. Tompkiss' body was found to contain traces of arsenic, used in sheep dip, which it was thought he consumed in a bottle of whiskey. Carlo was committed to stand trial for murder in October 1913. At trial Carlos was acquitted on lack of evidence.
In 1917 Michael Mulcahy died leaving his brother Daniel to carry on their pastoral and hotel interests. Daniel died in June 1925 at his home in Fremantle at age 58. His wife and 10 children were at Milly Milly at that time and received the news via Byro Station.
In 1925 the trustees of the late Daniel Mulcahy purchased the thoroughbred stallion Star Comedy, the third sire bought for the station over the last few years. The first was Mait Mark, who died shortly after arriving and the second, Hostage, was euthanased after breaking a leg. Star Comedy was a foal of Comedy King, a Melbourne Cup winner.
Rain from the remains of Cyclone Emma in 2006 caused flooding along much of the Murchison River including Milly Milly, where the homestead resembled a small island of dry land among the floodwaters that submerged much of the property.
The station had a poor season with drought striking in 2010. The station manager, Simon Broad, had been feeding stock with lupins and hay as a result of lack of feed on the ground. Calves had to be separated from their mothers and penned near the homestead where they were fed milk replacement pills.
The lessee in 2012 was the Milly Milly Pastoral company. The station is operating under the Crown Lease number CL139-1967 and has the Land Act number LA3114/625.
She concluded her school career, passing her school final exams ("Abitur") ad the IGS:FF (school) in Braunschweig and went on to study drama in Munich at the Bayerische Theaterakademie August Everding.   That led to her degree in acting, which she received in 2010. Since then she has appeared in a range of film, television and theatre production, sung in blues and soul bands, and featured in cabaret productions.
Her film debut came in 2009 with her appearance in the "action comedy" Vicky the Viking as the wife of Tjure (played by Nic Romm). She took the same role two years later in the sequel, Vicky and the Treasure of the Gods.
Margaret Renkl (born October 1961) is an American writer and New York Times opinion columnist living in Nashville, Tennessee. Renkl is the author of Late Migrations: A Natural History of Love and Loss. Her weekly opinion columns focus on nature, politics, and culture. 
Renkl was born in Andalusia, Alabama, and moved with her family to Birmingham, Alabama as a child. Renkl spent much of her childhood out-of-doors, with frequent visits to her maternal grandparents, who remained in Lower Alabama. 
 Renkl is influenced by her upbringing and life in the American south. In an opinion essay, What is a Southern Writer?, Renkl grapples with its meaning, both in her work and for the canon as a whole, writing:
Hangtown fry is a type of omelette made famous during the California Gold Rush in the 1850s. The most common version includes bacon and oysters combined with eggs, and fried together.
Another creation myth is the one told by the waiters at Sam's Grill in Tiburon, just north of San Francisco. At the county jail in Placerville, a condemned man was asked what he would like to eat for his last meal. He thought quickly and ordered an oyster omelet, knowing that the oysters would have to be brought from the water, over a hundred miles away by steamship and over rough roads, delaying his execution for a day.[citation needed]
The dish was popularized by Tadich Grill in San Francisco, where it has apparently been on the menu for 160 years. Later variations on the dish include the addition of onions, bell peppers, or various spices, and deep frying the oysters before adding them to the omelette.
According to the El Dorado County Museum, "No dish epitomizes California and its Gold Rush more than Hangtown Fry. It was created at a location central to the Gold Rush at the same time the great state was being born. And, like the miners who worked the river banks and hillsides, and the population that followed, it is a unique blend of many things, both those produced locally and those that have arrived from elsewhere."
Food writer and chef Mark Bittman created his own version of Hangtown Fry in one of his Minimalist cooking videos for The New York Times.
Wiaki, a.k.a. Minidien, is a nearly extinct Torricelli language of Papua New Guinea. The language is spoken in moderation by those residing in the older generations.  
He is the youngest singer to win two debut awards at Global Indian Music Awards (GiMA) and the best playback singer award at BIG Star Entertainment Award in 2015.
Armaan Malik was born in Mumbai on 22 July 1995. His father, Daboo Malik is a music composer in Indian Music Industry while his mother, Jyothi Malik belongs to a Telugu-speaking family from Visakhapatnam.
He started singing at the age of 4. He went to Sa Re Ga Ma Pa L'il Champs in 2006 without the title Malik. However, he didn't win the show. Later Armaan learnt Hindustani classical music for 10 years and went to learn western music from Berklee College of Music, Boston.
In 2015, he sang "Main Hoon Hero Tera" for Hero, "Kwahishein" for Calendar Girls and "Tumhe Aapna Banane Ka" for Hate Story 3 under elder brother Amaal Mallik's composition. The latter one he sang with Neeti Mohan. He also sang another song for Hate Story 3 titled "Wajah Tum Ho" under Baman's composition. He also sang a single "Main Rahoon Ya Na Rahoon" under Amaal's composition. He was awarded Filmfare R. D. Burman Award for New Music Talent in that year.
In 2020, he sang one song for Hindi soundtrack of Darbar, Gunjan Saxena: The Kargil Girl and Khuda Haafiz. In 2021, He lent his voice for one track of Saina, Koi Jaane Na, 99 Songs, Bell Bottom, Thalaivii and Bhoot Police.
In September 2021, Armaan teamed up with Daboo Malik, Amaal Mallik and Kunaal Vermaa for his new single "Barsaat".
In Effect Mode is the debut album by Al B. Sure!. It was released on May 3, 1988 on Uptown Records with distribution handled by Warner Bros. Records. It was one of two albums by Sure! that was released under Uptown that were not issued under its parent company MCA Records.
Sure! got his initial start when he performed at the 1987 Sony Innovators Award, an annual talent showcase that awarded people who showed promising talent.  Music producer Quincy Jones handpicked Sure! as the first winner of the contest. Warner Bros. Vice President of black music Benny Medina offered Sure! a recording contract to record his debut.
Sure! got his start in the music industry singing background vocals on Heavy D. & The Boyz' 1987 debut Living Large. He appeared on the song "Dedication" as well as the singles "Don't You Know"  and "Moneyearnin' Mount Vernon" due to being childhood friends with group member Edward "Eddie F" Ferrell. That friendship lead to him meeting Andre Harrell, who brought Sure! into the fold at his newly established imprint Uptown Records.
Sure! initially wanted to make his debut as a rapper, but later decided to focus on R&B after listening to the music his cousin Kyle West was making.  As a result, he enlisted West as the co-producer for his debut album. Sure! and West wrote virtually all the songs together, save for their cover of Lori Lieberman's "Killing Me Softly" - which was popularized by singer Roberta Flack - and "If I'm Not Your Lover".
West recalls recording In Effect Mode as lacking direction because neither he nor Sure! had any idea what they were doing. Because of Sure!'s last minute change from rapping to singing, he had to learn how to write songs and melodies in a short period of time. Within the span of six months, he made the transition from being a rapper to being a singer.
The Guardian said the show was an expensive soap opera, but found the show to be fun. A critic with the Financial Times questioned the accuracy of the show, especially its portrait of women. The Irish Times found that everything in the show is  "absurd, generic or risible". The Telegraph was kinder to the show, as it found the show to be a "silly but gripping period drama".
A post office called Kaseyville was established in 1867, and remained in operation until 1908. Singleton L. Kasey, an early postmaster, gave the community his last name.
This Macon County, Missouri state location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Fred Castro is the current head coach of the Eastern Michigan University women's basketball team, a position he assumed after the end of the 2016 season. Prior to that, he spent three years as the offensive coordinator of the University of Washington women's team, under head coach Mike Neighbors.
This biographical article relating to a United States basketball coach is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Descent from the Cross is a c.1618 oil on canvas painting by Peter Paul Rubens and his studio. The broad free brushstrokes of the old man's body and robes point to Rubens' pupil Anthony van Dyck. It is now in the Hermitage Museum in St Petersburg.
Parliamentary elections were held in the Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic in 1990 to elect the twelfth Supreme Council. A total of 1,427 candidates contested the 310 seats, while a further 50 members were appointed by organizations of veterans and invalids.
Conasprella coriolisi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Like all species within the genus Conasprella, these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of "stinging" humans, therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
This marine species occurs off New Caledonia, Vanuatu and in the Coral Sea at depths between 150 m and 550 m.
Here are the winners and nominees of the Black Reel Award for Best Original or Adapted Song. The award goes to the artist and the writers of the song.
James Cecil Walter Pereira (10 September 1856 - 9 June 1915) was the 4th Solicitor General of Ceylon. He was appointed on 1906, succeeding Ponnambalam Ramanathan, and held the office until 1912. He was succeeded by James Van Langenberg.
Pereira was a prominent member of the Ceylon National Association and was a founder of the Orient Club, the first Ceylonese only social club in the country.
Stephen "Steve" Arterburn from Ranger, Texas is the founder and chairman of New Life Ministries and host of the syndicated Christian counseling talk show New Life Live!  available on XM and Sirius Satellite radio and on NRB Network. Arterburn is also the host of New Life TV, a web-based Christian ministry. Arterburn is the founder of the Women of Faith conferences. He also serves as a teaching pastor in Carmel, Indiana.
Arterburn is a public speaker and has been featured in national media venues such as Oprah, Inside Edition, Good Morning America, CNN Live, The New York Times, USA Today, US News & World Report, ABC World News Tonight, and in GQ and Rolling Stone magazines.[citation needed] Arterburn has spoken at major events for the National Center for Fathering, American Association of Christian Counselors, Promise Keepers Canada, Life Well Conferences in Australia and The Salvation Army.[citation needed]
Arterburn is an author of over two dozen Christian-themed self-help books. Along with Dr. Dave Stoop, he edited and produced the Life Recovery Bible, and Take Your Life Back.[citation needed]
The first known published synthesis of troparil and the related compound WIN 35428 is by Clarke and co-workers during the 1970s. Apparently, it was their intention to separate the stimulant actions of cocaine from its toxicity and dependence liability. Troparil is the only regular phenyltropane having a NET affinity that exceeds the DAT affinity.[citation needed]
Troparil is used in scientific research into the dopamine reuptake transporter. 3H-radiolabelled forms of troparil have been used in humans and animals to map the distribution of dopamine transporters in the brain. It is also used for animal research into stimulant drugs as an alternative to cocaine which produces similar effects, but avoids the stringent licensing requirements for the use of cocaine itself.
The legal status of troparil is unclear, but it may be considered a controlled substance analog of cocaine in the United States on the grounds of its related chemical structure. The legal status of troparil and many other cocaine analogs in Canada, is dependent on if ecgonine, coca, or cocaine were derivatives of the compound, according to the wording on the entry of coca in Schedule 1 of the Controlled Drugs and Substances Act.
Smith played for the Harrisburg Giants in 1924. In eight recorded games, he posted nine hits in 39 plate appearances.
St Clare's College is an independent Roman Catholic single-sex secondary day school for girls, located in Waverley, in the Eastern Suburbs of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
Established in 1884 by the Poor Clare Sisters, St Clare's has a non-selective enrolment policy and currently caters for approximately 500 girls from Year 7 to Year 12.
The college is located within the Archdiocese of Sydney, and is affiliated with the Catholic Girls Secondary Schools Sporting Association (CGSSSA) and is a member of the Association of Heads of Independent Girls' Schools (AHIGS).
St Clare's College is unique in that it remains established on its original site and continues under the governance of Sydney Catholic schools.
As with most Australian schools, St Clare's utilises a house system. The school has four houses, through which students compete in a range of sporting and non-sporting activities. They are:
The Heavy Soul Sessions is the thirteenth studio album by Djam Karet, released on October 17, 2010 by HC Productions.
Nanjundapuram is a residential neighbourhood of the city of Coimbatore in Tamil Nadu, India. It is one of the well developed neighborhoods in the city and has been part of Coimbatore Corporation since 1981.The name "Nanjundapuram" is derived from the Nanjundeshwarar Temple located on the banks of Noyyal river.
A two-lane Nanjundapuram flyover is constructed over the two railway lines passing from Coimbatore Junction to Podanur Junction and from Podanur Junction to Irugur Junction. The flyover was planned to reduce traffic congestion in Ramanathapuram Road.
Nanjundapuram is a prominent residential locality in Coimbatore with a prominent immigrant population. The various schools in the locality are:
Coimbatore Metro feasibility study is completed and one of the route planned from Ukkadam to Coimbatore Integrated Bus Terminus is planned. There are considerations to make the corridor pass through Nanjundapuram, since the availability of space is better.
The locality of Nanjundapuram is a part of Singanallur (state assembly constituency) and Coimbatore (Lok Sabha constituency).
Pselnophorus vilis is a moth of the family Pterophoridae. It known from Japan (Hokkaido, Honshu, Kyushu, Tanega-shima, Yaku-shima), Amur, Korea and China.
The larvae feed on Ligularia fisheri, Ligularia tussilaginea and Petasites japonicus. When feeding on Ligularia tussilaginea, the larva usually eats the leaf from the upper surface and the lower epidermis is left untouched. Rarely, the larva eats the leaf from the under surface. The pupa is usually attached to the upper surface of a leaf. When feeding on Ligularia fisheri, the larva eats the leaf from the upper or under surface and eats large patches, here the epidermis is not left.
This article on a moth of the family Pterophoridae is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Dinokana is a town in Ngaka Modiri Molema District Municipality in the North West province of South Africa.
The area became the main town of the Bahurutshe in 1849, when Kgosi Moiloa I settled it with about 1,500 people, who had been displaced following the Difaqane war. Moiloa was accompanied by the Reverend Walter Inglis of the London Missionary Society.
In 1875, a succession dispute in the aftermath of Moiloa's death led to the displacement of many BaHurutshe, and nearly half of the population moved to Gopane.
In the 1980s, while the town was part of Bophuthatswana, a number of agricultural schemes were started close to Dinokana, and the town of Lehurutshe was built about 10 km away to resettle some of the villagers. Dinokana haa primary schools and high schools.
Eric Kwame Heymann was a Ghanaian journalist and politician. He was the first Editor-in-chief of the Accra Evening News. He also served as the Chairman of the Association of Ghana Journalists and Writers. From 1965 to 1966, he was the member of parliament for the Buem constituency.
Heymann was born at Dzelukope near Keta on 29 March 1928 to Edmund Kofi Heymann of the Government Transport Department and Mrs. Dina Afiwa Heymann who hailed from Keta.
As well as the heated outdoor Olympic-size swimming pool, the centre has a smaller children's pool, outdoor sunbathing space, a gym, spin studio and a cafe. It is managed by Better on behalf of Greenwich London Borough Council.
The Lido first opened in 1939. It became derelict in the 2000s, but was refurbished and reopened in 2013.
Genealogical records began around the 17th century showing that Timberland was a medieval village, possibly a small market town. The parish church is dedicated to St Andrew, and its parish records date back even further, to 1563.
Set within a patchwork of fields in the wetlands of the Lincolnshire Fens, the village is just south of the River Witham and near to the village of Martin. The illustrated signpost with the town name has a plaque above showing the nearby Car Dyke waterway which was once navigable but later drained by small canals to make the surrounding land suitable for farm use.
Thorpe Tilney Hall is to the south-west. It was used as a setting for the BBC's 1980 Pride and Prejudice as Longbourn Hall.
The village hall is the centre of village activities. There is a primary and middle school for local children nearby in the village of Martin. The partly Norman Anglican church of St Andrew's seats around 200 people. In the village is a Wesleyan  Methodist chapel, and a public house, The Penny Farthing Inn. The surrounding area has small guest houses and other public houses.
Price was an artist and retired art teacher. Price received her bachelor's degree in art and education from Hastings College. She also received her master's degrees, in sculpture and fibers, from Kansas State University and Southern Illinois University Carbondale. Price was also the director of the Urban Art Project of 2008, Great Falls, Montana. 
VFTS started as a workshop at Vilnius car repair factory and later transformed into Vilnius factory of vehicles - company which specialized in a preparation of rally/race versions of Lada vehicles and engines. Best known for the Lada 2105 rally vehicle version prepared under Group B rules. The company was founded and managed by famous Lithuanian rally driver Stasys Brundza.
The preparation of rally cars started in the 1970 in Vilnius, Lithuania (then part of the Soviet Union) in one of halls of Vilnius car repair factory. First model produced in Vilnius factory was Lada 1300 with the engine enlarged up to 1600cc and tuned to 130-150 HP.
The car's mudguards are angularly broadened which gives the car's characteristic appearance. This modification was not merely about design it was necessary because of the car's widened wheels. Spoilers are also used.
Lada VFTS is a rear-wheel drive car. However, during its development many things were changed. The brake system remained the same that was used on production vehicles from the Soviet factory. Disk brakes are used on the front axle while drum brakes are used on the rear.
Possamai is originally regarded as an Italian surname. In Italian it means Possa (rests) mai (never), of which resulted "Never rests".
Jijel Ferhat Abbas Airport (IATA: GJL, ICAO: DAAV), also known as Ferhat Abbas Airport, is an airport near Jijel, Algeria. Its name comes from the first president of Algerian National Assembly, Ferhat Abbas.
Climax ESB has been listed as a top American beer by Stuff Magazine and Michael Jackson's Ultimate Beer. Hoffmann Cream Ale and IPA have also been given accolades by Jackson. In the Star Ledger's Malt Madness competition, Hoffmann Helles won the Lagers/Pilsners Category and Hoffmann Hefeweizen was in the Final 4 for Wheats/Whites.
Ryszard Pawlowski is the founder and co-owner of the Patagonia Mountain Agency. He has been climbing since 1970 and is an alpinism instructor and guide. He has climbed the mountains of North and South America, the Himalayas, Alps, Caucasus, Pamirs and Tian Shan.
He has summitted Mount Everest five times - 13 May 1994, 12 May 1995, 18 May 1999, 20 May 2012 and 25 May 2014. 
When TV Azteca acquired rights of La Voz from Televisa, they announced that they would produce the senior version, for people 60 years and over. Mexico became the first country in Latin America to produce the senior version.
McBride's tenure as owner was viewed favorably, partly because of the Browns' on-field success but also because he gave Paul Brown a free hand to coach and sign players. One of the new ownership group's first acts was to assure Cleveland fans that Brown would retain complete control over the football side of the operation.
McBride continued to direct his taxi and real estate businesses after he sold the Browns, but he kept out of the public eye. He died of a heart attack at the Cleveland Clinic and was buried in Cleveland's Holy Cross Cemetery. He was married to the former Mary Jane Kane. They had three children: Arthur B., Jr., Edward and Jane.
The Little Wanganui River is a river of the West Coast Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows generally west from the slopes of Mount Allen, reaching the Karamea Bight close to the small settlement of Little Wanganui. It is home to a large number of trout.
"Place name detail: Little Wanganui River". New Zealand Gazetteer. New Zealand Geographic Board. Retrieved 12 July 2009.
This article about a river in the West Coast, New Zealand is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Silvio Manfred Dante is a fictional character on the HBO TV series The Sopranos, played by Steven Van Zandt. He is the consigliere and right-hand man to Tony Soprano in the DiMeo crime family. John Magaro portrays a young Silvio Dante in the 2021 prequel film, The Many Saints of Newark.
After his return to the more comfortable role of consigliere, Silvio again counseled Tony about contentious issues. When Vito Spatafore was outed to the organization, Silvio convinced Tony of the need to restrain his desire to "give him a pass" because of the effect it would have on the other captains' view of his leadership. When Tony responded with distasteful jokes about Bobby's serious injury, a look from Silvio was enough to tell him he was being unfair.
When Phil Leotardo and his men killed Vito (without permission from Tony), Tony told Silvio that it was not about Vito, it was about him. Silvio initially told Tony that they should go after one of Phil's men but Tony was trying to avoid a war and instead decided to blow up Phil's wire room in Sheepshead Bay.
In the episode "Stage 5" Silvio was out at lunch with Gerry Torciano, the man Phil Leotardo wanted to take over as boss of the Lupertazzi family, when one of Doc Santoro's assassins killed Torciano. This outraged Tony, as Silvio could have been hurt during the altercation.
Paulie later tells Tony that Silvio survived the assassination attempt but is in a coma; the doctors say that he is unlikely to regain consciousness. In the final episode, an emotional Tony visits the still comatose Silvio, whose fate is not mentioned further.
After her playing career, Rockwell moved into coaching at Pittsburgh before moving to various other universities.
Rockwell first became an assistant coach for Penn State Nittany Lions women's volleyball team in 2006, a position she held for 2 seasons before joining Texas from 2009 to 2013 as an assistant coach. She then returned to Penn State as the Associate Head Coach 2015 season through the 2017 season. She retired from collegiate coaching in 2018.
Rockwell began broadcasting in 2018 and announces at college and international games. She has broadcast games on ESPN, the Longhorn Network, Fox Sports, and the Big Ten Network.
This biographical article relating to volleyball in the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Under this regulation, all herbal medicinal products are required to obtain an authorisation to market within the EU. Those products marketed before this legislation came into force can continue to market their product until 30 April 2011, under the transitional measures defined in the Traditional Herbal Medicinal Products Directive. Once this time limit has expired, all herbal medicinal products must have prior authorisation before they can be marketed in the EU.
For those herbal medicinal products that were not on the market before 30 April 2004, an authorisation must be obtained prior to marketing.
The only herbal medicines that are exempted from the provisions of the Traditional Herbal Medicinal Products Directive are those unlicensed remedies that are made up for a patient following a consultation with a herbalist.
Herbal medicines must be now manufactured under Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) to ensure the quality of the finished product and also demonstrate safety.
The Traditional Herbal Medicines Product Directive does allow medicinal claims to be made on the label of the final product, although restrictions do apply on the final wording.
This biographical article related to a Japanese association football midfielder born in the 1990s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Irene Curzon had an intimate insight into the life of the Duke of Windsor, his friendship and marriage to Wallis Simpson and the life of the House of Windsor, through her sister, Alexandra and her brother-in-law Major Edward Dudley Metcalfe, best friend of Edward VIII. She saw the rise of British fascism through her sister Lady Cynthia Mosley and her other brother-in-law Sir Oswald Mosley, with whom she had a brief fling prior to their marriage.
Irene's father was the successful diplomat-politician George Curzon.  After he was appointed Viceroy of India in 1898, she went out with her mother and sisters to live in New Delhi.  Shortly after they returned to England, Lord Curzon resigned, in 1905, at the end of a long period of Conservative government.  Created Earl of Kedleston and Baron Ravensdale in 1911, the titles were in reversion to daughters as well as heirs male.
Despite her active social life, she maintained a strong dedication towards welfare work.  She was appointed the chair of Highways Clubs Inc.  In 1936 which provided music, handicrafts and physical training to young disadvantaged people.  She was also appointed vice-president of the National Association of the Girls Clubs and Mixed Clubs.  And then she was the obvious candidate to be the president of the London Union of Youth Clubs.
This page lists notable US and UK albums, singles and compilations which feature music written by Andrew Lloyd Webber, alongside their release dates.
Lloyd Webber's Really Useful Records which, for a number of years, had an exclusive partnership with Polydor, released a number of compilations:
Quine, on the other hand, in "Two Dogmas of Empiricism", presents a much stronger version of underdetermination in science.  His theoretical group embraces all of human knowledge, including mathematics and logic. He contemplated the entirety of human knowledge as being one unit of empirical significance.   Hence all our knowledge, for Quine, would be epistemologically no different from ancient Greek gods, which were posited in order to account for experience.
Nick Trask (born 6 February 1978) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the Brisbane Lions in the Australian Football League (AFL).
Trask played for the Eastern Ranges in the TAC Cup and also at Vermont, before being drafted to the AFL.
Selected with pick 28 in the 1995 AFL draft, Trask played four games midway through the season and was then recalled for Brisbane's qualifying final at Waverley Park.
Petasina filicina is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae, the hairy snails and their allies.
Koptev is a Winner of the Golden Space Medal FAI (2000), a State Councillor of the Russian Federation, 1st class and he has been awarded the Order of Merit for the Fatherland, 2nd and 3rd classes.
Neel developed the "thrifty gene hypothesis" that paleolithic humans, facing long periods of hunger punctuated by brief periods of food surplus, would have adapted genetically by processing fats and carbohydrates more efficiently during feast periods, to be physiologically resilient during periods of famine. Neel believed that this genetic adaptation might have created a predisposition to type 2 diabetes mellitus. This theory was later discredited by research conducted by Neel himself.
Dr. Neel attended the College of Wooster with a degree in biology in 1935 and went on to receive his Ph.D. at the University of Rochester.
Neel was deeply involved with a number of prominent organizations through the course of his career, including, but not limited to: American Academy of Arts and Sciences, American Philosophical Society, Atomic Bomb Casualty Commission, National Research Council, Pan-American Health Organization, Radiation Effects Research Foundation, University of Michigan, and World Health Organization.
He testified several times before committees and sub-committees of the United States Congress as an expert witness regarding the long-term effects of radiation on human populations.
The professional papers of James V. Neel are held in the archives of the Library of the American Philosophical Society in Philadelphia, PA. 
James Kenneth Peterson (born November 21, 1978) is a former American football defensive end. He was drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the third round of the 2003 NFL Draft. He played college football at Ohio State.
Peterson played high school football at McKinley High School in Canton, Ohio, where he was a teammate of former Broncos head coach Josh McDaniels' brother Ben McDaniels. While there he helped his team win the Ohio Division I title in 1997. During his senior year, he was honored as an All-American after posting 101 tackles and 15 sacks. Peterson was also a star basketball player achieving all-city selection as a senior.
Peterson played college football at Ohio State. During his senior season, he was honored with second-team All-Big Ten Conference and helped his team win the BCS National Championship Game. He finished his college career with 84 tackles, 12 sacks, one interception, and three forced fumbles.
Peterson was drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the third round of the 2003 NFL Draft. He spent three seasons in Green Bay recording three sacks. He was released by the Packers on September 2, 2006.
On October 11, 2006, Peterson signed with the Denver Broncos. He was suspended for the first four games of the 2007 season for violating the NFL's steroid policy. During 2007 the Broncos released him twice but decided to re-sign him each time. On March 4, 2009, Peterson re-signed with the Broncos on a three-year contract. He was cut once again on March 10, 2010.
This article about an organization based in Sweden is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Grevillea uncinulata is a shrub of the genus Grevillea native to an area in the Wheatbelt and Goldfields-Esperance regions of Western Australia.
Ewald's Hebrew Grammar inaugurated a new era in biblical philology. Subsequent works in that department were avowedly based on his, and Hitzig referred to him as "the second founder of the science of the Hebrew language." He made important contributions  as an exegete, biblical critic and grammarian. In particular, his Geschichte des Volkes Israel, the result of thirty years' labour, was important  in that branch of research.
Taking up the idea of a divine education of the human race, and firmly believing that Providence assigned a special task to each of the leading nations of antiquity, Ewald felt no difficulty about Israel's place in universal history, or about the problem which that race had been called upon to solve. The history of Israel, according to him, was the history how humanity acquired one true religion, beginning with the exodus and culminating in the appearing of Jesus.
The Council enacted a number of canons that were henceforth included in the church's canon law, which punished Catholics with excommunication if they subscribed to various heresies named at the Council. These canons remained in legal force for centuries; the modern code of canon law replaced them.
She won one singles and one doubles title on the WTA Tour, as well as 12 singles and 20 doubles titles on the ITF Women's Circuit in her career. On 10 October 2011, she reached her best singles ranking of world No. 37. On 10 April 2014, she peaked at No. 42 in the doubles rankings.
In 2001, she reached four finals on ITF level and won all, with three of them coming from Durban, South Africa a local tournament, and one in the United States.
In 2002, she reached three ITF finals winning one in Mackay, Australia and losing in the other two in Liechtenstein and Switzerland.
In 2003, she played her first tour-level event in the Mondial Australian Women's Hardcourts and won her first main-draw tour-level match after getting through the qualifying draw over Samantha Stosur but lost to Tathiana Garbin in the next round. She then had a 19 match losing streak in the qualifying draws of tour-level and ITF events and main draw of ITF events.
In 2005, Scheepers once again started playing in the qualifying draw of tour-level events but she didn't produce results as she only reached one semifinals and one quarterfinals in ITF events.
2006 was not a better year for Scheepers despite returning to the ITF circuit as she only reached two semifinals and one quarterfinal.
In 2007, Scheepers won her first ITF titles in three years as she won two titles in Lagos, Nigeria and Allentown, Pennsylvania, United States.
2009 was a breakthrough year for the South African player as she made her Grand Slam main-draw debut getting through the qualifying draw in the Australian Open and French Open. She also made four main-draw wins and won a title in Irapuato, Mexico.
In July 2012, she reached the second round of Mercury Insurance Open, Carlsbad losing to Varvara Lepchenko.
At the 2013 Wimbledon Championships, she teamed with Shuko Aoyama to advance to the semifinals in women's doubles.
In 2015, after the Family Cup in Charleston, she retired from the WTA Tour and later started coaching American tennis player Alison Riske.
Scheepers married Roger Anderson, her former coach, on 10 November 2012, in the KwaZulu-Natal Midlands.
"I Could Be" is a first solo single by American singer Sinitta. The song was released in 1983 and didn't appear on any of Sinitta's albums. The song was written and produced by James George Hargreaves and A. Ajai-Ajagbe. It was remixed by Haakon Brenner. No video was made for this song.
Brennan and Collins both ran in the 1994 gubernatorial election, and each won their respective party's nomination, but lost the general election to independent Angus King, who would be elected in Maine's other Senate seat in 2012 and become a Senator in 2013.
Jamboo Savari is a 2014 Kannada criminal comedy film starring Prajwal Devaraj and Nikki Galrani in the lead role. The film is directed by K. C. Venugopal and produced by Hari Prasad Rao under HPR Entertainment Pvt Limited banner. The music for the film is composed by S. Premkumar. It was released on 13 June 2014.
The film is a remake of successful Telugu film Swamy Ra Ra which starred Nikhil Siddharth and Swati Reddy.
This article about a Class I railroad  in the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
 Sampoorna is a school management system project implemented by the Education Department of Government of Kerala to automate the system and process of over 15,000 schools in the state. Sampoorna is implemented by IT@School Project using the free and opensource school erp Fedena
Metopoceras canroberti is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in Morocco, Yemen, Algeria and eastern Africa.
In 1863, he married Virginia Barlocci, herself a painter and ceramist, widow of the painter Bernardino Riccardi, and by September of the same year he was appointed academic of merit in the Accademia di San Luca.
In 1865, he completed frescoes for the church of Santa Maria in Aquiro, during its restoration by G. Morichini between 1861 and 1866. Here he painted three octagons with angels in the ceiling, with evangelists and angels on the pendents. He also painted the four Doctors of the Church on pillars of the nave and the Eternal Father on a gold background in the dome.
In 1878, he won a contest to paint the main Hall of the Finance Ministry, where he depicted an allegory of the Unity of Italy with Illustrious Men of Past and Present. He lost a competition to Maccari to paint the So-called Yellow Hall of the Senate; Maccari went on to paint his masterpiece Cicero Denounces Catiline.
From 1888 to 1890 he was president of the Accademia di San Luca. The last official task of the artist was to participate in 1896 in the juried competition, "Per una memoria sulla tecnica dei dipinti", launched by the Ministry of Education public, replacing Francesco Jacovacci. He was reduced to inactivity in 1898, the same year of the death of his wife, and died in Rome on February 21, 1901.
The municipalities of Bellingwedde and Vlagtwedde have merged into the new municipality of Westerwolde on 1 January 2018. The municipality continues to use both municipal halls in Sellingen and Wedde.
On 22 November 2017, municipal elections were held to elect the members of the municipal council of Westerwolde. The result is shown in the table below. The municipal council will have 19 seats, because the population size was just under 25,000 in 2017.
In basketball, an official (usually called a referee) enforces the rules and maintains order in the game. The title of official also applies to the scorers and timekeepers, as well as other personnel that have an active task in maintaining the game. Basketball is regarded as among the most difficult sports to officiate due to the  speed of play, complexity of rules, the case-specific interpretations of rules, and the instantaneous decision required.
There is one lead referee and one or two umpires, depending on whether there is a two- or three-person crew. In the NBA, the lead official is called the crew chief with one referee and one umpire. In FIBA-sanctioned play, two-man crews consist of a referee and an umpire, and three-man crews contain a referee and two umpires. 
Regardless, both classes of officials have equal rights to control almost all aspects of the game. In most cases, the lead official (in FIBA, the referee) performs the jump ball to begin the contest, though NFHS and NCAA have allowed the referee to designate which official (referee or umpire) shall perform the jump ball.
In American high school and college basketball, officials wear black-and-white-striped shirts with black side panels, black pants, and black shoes. Some state high school associations allow officials to wear grey shirts with black pin-stripes instead of black-and-white-striped shirts. 
All officials wear a whistle that is used to stop play as a result of a foul or a violation on the court. Hand signals are used to indicate the nature of the infraction or to administer the game.
In higher levels of college and professional basketball, officials wear a timing device on the belt-line called PTS (Precision Timing System). The device is used by on-court officials to start and stop the game clock in a timely manner, rather than waiting for the scoreboard operator (timekeeper) to do so.
There are two standard methods for officiating a basketball game, either "two-person" or "three-person" mechanics depending on how many officials are available to work the game.
Despite the misconception that basketball is a non-contact sport, officials often let a large amount of marginal or incidental contact pass uncalled. An official must always be aware of not just what is happening around the ball, but the roughness of play going on around the whole court, adding to the job of the official.
Further complicating the job of an official is the proximity to the crowds. Unlike football or baseball, the crowd is nearly always located within a few feet of the official, as are coaches and other players on the bench. To combat this, officials are able to remove a fan from the arena with an ejection.
When a violation occurs, game action is immediately stopped. These include traveling, illegal dribbles, out-of-bounds, and other violations. The official is required to blow the whistle and immediately stop play and award the ball over to the opposing team which allows for fair play in the game. Along with those, you can have contact fouls in game that if called will result in the opponent getting two shots from the free throw line.
Fresno Slough is a distributary of the Kings River that connects the North Fork Kings River to the San Joaquin River in San Joaquin Valley, Kings County, California.
Until 1879 when irrigation diversions prevented it, Fresno Slough was also an outlet of the overflow waters of Tulare Lake into the San Joaquin River in flood years, when its level topped the 210 foot elevation.
Mendota Dam located at the confluence of the San Joaquin River and Fresno Slough delivers water to the south from Mendota Pool during the irrigation season, and delivers water to Mendota Pool and the San Joaquin River from the Kings River when the Kings River is flooding.  Mendota Dam and Mendota Pool have been used for irrigation diversions since the late 1800s.
In the sense of a deformity, it is the pathological curving of the spine, where parts of the spinal column lose some or all of their lordotic profile. This causes a bowing of the back, seen as a slouching posture. Kyphosis is distinguished from scoliosis, a condition in which the spine has a sideways curve.
Kyphosis can be graded in severity by the Cobb angle. Also, sagittal balance can be measured. The sagittal balance is the horizontal distance between the center of C7 and the superior-posterior border of the endplate of S1 on a lateral radiograph.
The Milwaukee brace is one particular body brace that is often used to treat kyphosis in the US. Modern CAD/CAM braces are used in Europe to treat different types of kyphosis. These are much easier to wear and have better in-brace corrections than reported for the Milwaukee brace. Since there are different curve patterns (thoracic, thoracolumbar, and lumbar), different types of brace are in use, with different advantages and disadvantages.
Modern brace for the treatment of a thoracic kyphosis. The brace is constructed using a CAD/CAM device.
Modern brace for the treatment of lumbar or thoracolumbar kyphosis. The brace is constructed using a CAD/CAM device. Restoration of the lumbar lordosis is the main aim.
In Germany, a standard treatment for both Scheuermann's disease and lumbar kyphosis is the Schroth method, a system of physical therapy for scoliosis and related spinal deformities. It involves lying supine, placing a pillow under the scapular region and posteriorly stretching the cervical spine. In China, many people use spinal care mattresses to correct kyphosis while sleeping.[citation needed]
Surgical treatment can be used in severe cases. In patients with progressive kyphotic deformity due to vertebral collapse, a procedure called a kyphoplasty may arrest the deformity and relieve the pain. Kyphoplasty is a minimally invasive procedure, requiring only a small opening in the skin. The main goal is to return the damaged vertebra as close as possible to its original height.
This article about a railway station in the Indian state of Haryana is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The collision and fire claimed the lives of 26 of the Empress's crew members, and one crew member on the Captain. The remaining crew from both ships were taken to Tobago for medical treatment, while the Empress's captain was transported to a hospital in Texas, having inhaled fire.
The operating point is a specific point within the operation characteristic of a technical device. This point will be engaged because of the properties of the system and the outside influences and parameters.  In electronic engineering establishing an operating point is called biasing.
The operating point of a system is the intersection point of the torque-speed curve of drive and machine. Both devices are linked with a shaft so the speed is always identical. The drive creates the torque which rotates both devices. The machine creates the counter-torque, e.g. by being a moved device which needs permanent energy or a wheel turning against the static friction of the track.
At the operating point, the driving torque and the counter-torque are balanced, so the speed does not change anymore.
A change in speed out of this stable operating point is only possible with a new control intervention. This can be changing the load of the machine or the power of the drive which both changes the torque because it is a change in the characteristic curves. The drive-machine system then runs to a new operating point with a different speed and a different balance of torques.
Should the drive torque be higher than the counter torque at any time then the system does not have an operating point. The result will be that the speed increases up to the idle speed or even until destruction. Should the counter torque be higher at any times the speed will decrease until the system stops.
In an electronic amplifier, an operating point is a combination of current and voltage at "no signal" conditions; application of a signal to the stage - changes voltage and current in the stage. The operating point in an amplifier is set by the intersection of the load line with the non-linear characteristics of the device.  By adjusting the bias on the stage, an operating point can be selected that maximizes the signal output of the stage and minimizes distortion.
There are three SCUT campuses, both located in Guangzhou: Wushan Campus (or North Campus), University Town Campus (or South Campus, HEMC Campus) and Guangzhou International Campus (GZIC). The headquarters of the university are on the Wushan Campus.
Of SCUT's 32 schools, 17 are located on the Wushan Campus, 11 on the University Town Campus, and 4 on the GZIC.
This campus was formerly part of the National Sun Yat-sen University campus, and many buildings remain from that time.
Malankara Syrian Orthodox Seminary is a theological seminary for the Jacobite Syrian Christian Church at Mulanthuruthy, Ernakulam in India. Opened in 1990, the seminary buildings are clustered on Udayagiri hill in the village of Vettickal.
This article on an Oriental Orthodox place of worship in India is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article related to members of the muscomomoph flies superfamily Lauxanioidea is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Mary Maples was born on April 6, 1931, in Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin to Eva Moore Maples and Frederic Maples who owned a clothing store.  She was the second of four children and the only daughter.  While in Wisconsin she attended a two-room school house.  Her father joined the Army during World War II where he remained as an officer after the war, retiring as a Colonel As a result the family was stationed in multiple bases around the United States and China.
Pennyhill (also known as Penny Hill) is an unincorporated community in New Castle County, Delaware, United States. Pennyhill is located north of U.S. Route 13 Business and west of Delaware Route 3 northeast of Wilmington. Delaware State Police Troop 1 is located in Pennyhill.
Pennyhill is more commonly known as Ridgewood, consisting of Ridgewood Circle and the adjacent Lynn streets.
Nowadays, Yi surname ranks 106th among other family surnames in mainland China with members up to more than 1.7 million, making 0.12% of total Chinese population.[citation needed] A 2013 study found that it was the 114th most-common name, shared by 1.75 million people, or 0.130% of the population, with the largest province being Hunan.
The Tipsport Hockey Cup is the national ice hockey cup competition in the Czech Republic. It was first played as the Zepter Hockey Cup in 2000.
The town is the administrative centre of the eponymous Tryavna Municipality. As of December 2009, it has a population of 9,831 inhabitants.
The unique Museum of Asian and African Art is housed in the old public bath, on the riverside. Tryavna is proud with its great samples of the woodcarving, icon painting and original architecture.
Today the town is a preferred tourist spot, featuring modern hotels, private lodgings and villas, restaurants and taverns.
There is also an Art school where successors of the old icon painters and woodcarvers master these crafts.
The Voneshta voda village resort, famous for its healing mineral springs, is located 20 kilometres (12 miles) away from Tryavna. The Bulgarka Nature Park is located in the Starina Planina, south on the city.
The town is well connected with the whole country thanks to its excellent road network and railway station.
Besides Bulgarian National Revival figures, another native is former Bulgarian NBA player Georgi Glouchkov.
Since 2011 Tryavna is a member of the Douzelage, a unique town twinning association of 27 towns across the European Union.
Government College, Rhenock offers the Bachelor of Arts honours and general in the following subjects:
1) Sociology 2) Environmental science 3) Economics 4) Political science 5) Education 6) Geography 7) History 8) Nepali 9) English
Government College, Rhenock also offers spoken English course to the students to help them to improve their English language skills.
In the Bachelor of Arts course, which is spread over three years, English is offered as compulsory subject in the 1st semester, MIL is offered as compulsory subject in 2nd semester, environmental studies is offered as compulsory subject in 3rd semester, Eastern Himalayan Studies- 1 and 2 respectively as compulsory subjects in the 4th and 5th semester.
For B.A (honors) and Science admission, candidates must have secured 50% of marks in the subject opted at honors degree and 50% of marks in aggregate in their higher secondary examination. For the general course, candidates must have cleared their class 12 examination from either WBCHS/CBSE/ISC/SSC. Admissions of students to these courses are done purely on merit basis based on the scores of qualifying examination.
Cymothoe lucasii, the fiery yellow glider, is a butterfly in the family Nymphalidae. It is found in Nigeria, Cameroon, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, the Republic of the Congo, the Central African Republic and the Democratic Republic of the Congo. The habitat consists of forests.
John O'Connell (born November 13, 1959) is an American television director. He has worked in Dramatic and Music multi-camera television production for over 20 years.
Oskar Saville is the former lead singer of Chicago-based Rubygrass, and is also a solo artist. She served as lead vocalist for 10,000 Maniacs from 2002 to 2007, and is now a "transformational energy coach" and psychic. She believes, "You were born with two things: belly button and your awesomeness." 
The origins of the festival were in the 1950s, spawned from the relationship between the artists resident in Darlington and the local voluntary community fire brigade.
It has been claimed to be one of the longest lasting community festivals in Perth, Western Australia.
The festival includes an art exhibition in the local historic Darlington Hall and a fair on the adjacent cricket oval.  The art exhibition has been the showcase of many new artists over the decades - from Darlington and elsewhere.
Many posters, promotional items and catalogues reflect the nature of the community, as well as showcasing some more notable artists and their legacies.
Committee membership evolves with the community changes, however one of the longest serving members was Sally Herzfeld. In 2020 a history was published, by the Darlington History Group and written by Trea Wiltshire, editor of the Darlington Review.
The 2020 text concentrated on notable public figures, artists and writers associated with Darlington over time including:
This biographical article relating to Hungarian rowing is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
In 2004, with support from the Swiss Foundation for Technical Cooperation and a patient capital loan from the International Finance Corporation, Honey Care expanded its operations beyond the borders of Kenya and successfully replicated its model in Tanzania.  It has been working since 2013 in South Sudan.
From its inception, Honey Care Africa had an explicit triple bottom-line agenda, with an emphasis on generating economic, social, and environmental value simultaneously through its activities.
In many ways, Honey Care was set up as an experiment in trying to challenge and redefine the traditional role of the private sector in development and to radically reconfigure the dynamics between the private sector, the development sector, and rural communities. This led to the evolution of Honey Care's "Tripartite Model," which seeks to develop a synergistic "win-win-win" partnership between these three key actors by drawing on the core competencies of each.
Honey Care Africa and its founders have received numerous international awards for their work, including:
Honey Care Africa has been featured on numerous occasions in the press and media including in the BBC, the Chicago Tribune, The Globe and Mail, Financial Times, CNBC Europe, CBC, UN Radio, Daily Nation, and East African Standard. It has been discussed in a number of academic journals, including the Stanford Social Innovation Review and the MIT Sloan Management Review, and has been featured in several books and other published academic works.
The degree is often conferred as a way of honouring a distinguished visitor's contributions to a specific field or to society in general.
The practice dates back to the Middle Ages, when for various reasons a university might be persuaded, or otherwise see fit, to grant exemption from some or all of the usual statutory requirements for the award of a degree. The earliest honorary degree on record was awarded to Lionel Woodville in the late 1470s by the University of Oxford. He later became Bishop of Salisbury.
In the late 16th century, the granting of honorary degrees became quite common, especially on the occasion of royal visits to Oxford or Cambridge. On the visit of James I to Oxford in 1605, for example, forty-three members of his retinue (fifteen of whom were earls or barons) received the degree of Master of Arts, and the Register of Convocation explicitly states that these were full degrees, carrying the usual privileges (such as voting rights in Convocation and Congregation).
There were also some special cases: for example the critic John Ruskin suffered some kind of physical or mental breakdown in 1840 and dropped out of the University of Oxford. He returned to Oxford in 1842, and sat a single exam, and was awarded an honorary fourth-class degree.
Some universities, seeking to differentiate between substantive and honorary doctorates, have a degree (often DUniv, or Doctor of the University) which is used for these purposes, with the other higher doctorates reserved for formally examined academic scholarship.
The Archbishop of Canterbury has the authority to award degrees. These "Lambeth degrees" are sometimes, erroneously, thought to be honorary; however the archbishops have for many centuries had the legal authority (originally as the representatives of the Pope, later confirmed by a 1533 Act of Henry VIII), to award degrees and regularly do so to people who have either passed an examination or are deemed to have satisfied the appropriate requirements.
The recipient of an honorary degree may add the degree title postnominally, but it should[citation needed] always be made clear that the degree is honorary by adding "honorary" or "honoris causa" or "h.c." in parentheses after the degree title. In some countries, a person who holds an honorary doctorate may use the title "Doctor" prenominally, abbreviated "Dr.h.c." or "Dr.(h.c.)". Sometimes, they use "Hon" before the degree letters, for example, "Hon DMus".
Most[citation needed] American universities award the degrees of LLD (Doctor of Laws), LittD (Doctor of Letters), LHD (Doctor of Humane Letters), ScD (Doctor of Science), PedD (Doctor of Pedagogy) and DD (Doctor of Divinity) only as honorary degrees. American universities do not have the system of "higher doctorates" used in the UK and some other universities around the world.
These ad eundem or jure officii degrees are earned degrees, not honorary, because they recognize formal learning.
Similarly, a jure dignitatis degree is awarded to someone who has demonstrated eminence and scholarship by being appointed to a particular office. Thus, for example, a DD (Doctor of Divinity) might be conferred upon a bishop on the occasion of his consecration, or a judge created LLD (Legum Doctor) or DCL (Doctor of Civil Law) upon his or her appointment to the judicial bench. These, also, are properly considered substantive rather than honorary degrees.
The Stanford Alumni Association occasionally awards the Degree of Uncommon Man/Woman to individuals who have given "rare and exceptional service" to the university. Though UCLA has imposed a moratorium on awarding honorary degrees, it honors notable people with the UCLA Medal instead. St. John's College has not granted honorary degrees since 1936, but its alumni association occasionally offers honorary membership to retiring faculty, staff, and other close associates of the college.
In 1985, as a deliberate snub, the University of Oxford voted to refuse Margaret Thatcher an honorary degree in protest against her cuts in funding for higher education. This award had previously been given to all prime ministers who had been educated at Oxford.
Few people object when an honorary degree is awarded in a field for which the honorand is noted. McGill University's decision to grant musician Joni Mitchell an honorary Doctor of Music in 2004 was unopposed, although it was timed to coincide with a symposium about Mitchell's career.
In 2005 at the University of Western Ontario, Henry Morgentaler, a gynecologist involved in a legal case decriminalizing abortion in Canada (R. v. Morgentaler), was made an honorary Doctor of Laws. Over 12,000 signatures were acquired asking the UWO to reverse its decision to honor Morgentaler. Several protest rallies were held, including one on the day the honorary degree was bestowed (a counter petition to support Morgentaler's degree gained 10,000 signatures).
In April 2009, Arizona State University's President Michael M. Crow refused to give an honorary degree to US President Barack Obama for his lack of adequate qualifying achievements thus far. Also, controversy was ignited about Notre Dame awarding Obama an honorary degree, as the institution is Roman Catholic and Obama holds pro-choice views on abortion and supports embryonic stem cell research.
In February 2012, Rosmah Mansor, the wife of the Prime Minister of Malaysia, Najib Razak was controversially awarded an honorary doctorate by the Curtin University for "services to childhood education". The university honored Rosmah for founding and driving the Permata early childhood centres in Malaysia although some alumni and students contended that the government-funded centres are "an abuse of taxpayers' money."
Over 50 honorary degrees awarded to Bill Cosby have been rescinded due to allegations and lawsuits of sexual assault.[citation needed]
By convention, recipients of honorary doctorates do not use the title "Dr" in general correspondence, although in formal correspondence from the university issuing the honorary degree it is normal to address the recipient by the title, at least in the United States. However, this social convention is not always scrupulously observed. Notable people who have used the honorary prefix include:
Sherine O. Obare is the Dean of the Joint School of Nanoscience and Nanoengineering at the University of North Carolina at Greensboro and North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University. She works on nanomaterials for sensing and drug delivery.
Obare was appointed Associate Dean at Western Michigan University in 2015. She was responsible for research, education, diversity and global engagement across the university. She believes that early authentic research is essential for underrepresented groups to gain rational view of the world. From 2017 Obare served as Associate Vice President for Research at Western Michigan University.
Obare is an associate editor for the Journal of Nanomaterials. She moved to the University of North Carolina at Greensboro as Dean of the Joint School of Nanoscience and Nanoengineering. Obare chairs the American Chemical Society Award for Incorporation of Sustainability into the Curriculum.
The women's 200 metres event at the 2014 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Eugene, Oregon, USA, at Hayward Field on 24 and 25 July.
This article about a specific bridge or group of bridges in China is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Adelina Chilica is an Angolan politician for the MPLA and a member of the National Assembly of Angola.
This article about a National Action Party politician born in the 1960s who served in the Chamber of Deputies is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Presidential elections were held in Bolivia on 4 May 1913, electing a new President of the Republic.
Burji La (or Burji Pass) is a natural pass in the Karakoram mountains between Skardu and Deosai National Park in Gilgit Baltistan, Pakistan. Its elevation is 5000 meters. It is famous especially for its beautiful panoramic view of many mountain peaks, including that of K2, Nanga Parbat, Masherbrum, Chogolisa, Laila Peak, Golden Peak, Gasherbrum I, Gasherbrum II, Gasherbrum IV and a part of Broad Peak mountain.
In February 1947 alone, police arrested thousands of rape case protesters. The government of the Republic of China's action alienated students and intellectuals and pushed them closer to the communists, who played a leading role in the protests.
William Gaither Pierson died in 2001 and is buried at Temple Sinai Cemetery in Sumter, South Carolina.
The Holstein Cup is a Group 3 flat horse race in Germany open to thoroughbreds aged three years or older. It is run at Hamburg-Horn over a distance of 2,000 metres (about 10 furlongs), and it is scheduled to take place each year in July.
The race was first run in 2013, as the Hamburg Trophy, a name previously used for the 1200m race at the same meeting, now known as the Flieger Trophy. It was later run as the Holstein Cup before the current title was adopted in 2018.
Tikela Kemone (born 1950) is a Cameroonian politician. He was Deputy Minister of Finance and Secretary of State for Finance during the 1980s; currently he is a Technical Adviser at the Presidency of the Republic, heading the Internal Affairs Department.
An insufficient level of rainfall in 1990 led Kemone to warn of potential food shortages that could affect 600,000 people in Far North Province. He remained in the government until 1992 and was subsequently an Adviser at the Presidency. He served as Technical Adviser heading the Presidency's Special Affairs Department for a time and currently heads the Internal Affairs Department.
The 2003 Paradise Jam Tournament was a men's and women's preseason college basketball tournament that took place in Saint Thomas at the Sports and Fitness Center. Boston College won the men's division while Virginia Tech won the women's St. Thomas Division championship game and Southwest Missouri State won the women's St. John Division.
Six teams participated in the men's tournament. The teams were arranged into two divisions of three teams each. The three teams in each division played a round-robin over the first three days, with each team having one day off. The teams were seeded, and all six teams played on the final day, with a Championship Game, a game for third place and a game for fifth place.
In the second round, Hampton faced La Salle. Hampton lead at halftime, and extended the lead to ten points, but the Explorers cut the lead, and it took four free throws by the Pirates in the final 21 seconds to preserve the win.
In 2003, eight teams competed in the tournament organized into two divisions. The teams in the St. Thomas division played a traditional playoff option, with a pair of games on the 28th; on the 29th the winners played each other and the losers played each other. The teams in the St. John's division played a round-robin, with one game each on the 27th, 28th and 29 November.
Carrie Mason of Virginia Tech was awarded the MVP for the St. Thomas division. The other five all-stars were Tiania Burns (Mississippi  State), Jenny DeMuth (Indiana), Lisa Kriener (Iowa State), Ieva Kublina (Virginia Tech), and Tan White (Mississippi  State).
Kari Koch of Southwest Missouri State was named the MVP of the division. The other all-stars included Kate Bulger (West Virginia), Lesley Dickinson (James Madison), Jenni Lingor (SMS), Alex Stewart (Georgia Tech), and Fallon Stokes (Georgia Tech).
On his release Davies resumed his career in acting almost immediately, starring in an ex-prisoner of war show, Back Home, which was hosted at the Stoll Theatre, London. In 1959, he played the role of the Colonel in Alun Owen's The Rough and Ready Lot when it received its stage debut on 1 June 1959 in a production by the 59 Theatre Company at the Lyric Opera House, Hammersmith, as well as in the television adaptation which was broadcast that September.
He was the subject of This Is Your Life in October 1962 when he was surprised by Eamonn Andrews in central London.
Davies also played supporting roles in many films, appearing briefly as George Smiley in The Spy Who Came In from the Cold (1965). He also appeared in several horror films in the late 1960s, including Witchfinder General (1968) and Dracula Has Risen from the Grave (1968), as well as such international films as Waterloo (1970) and Zeppelin (1971).
He died of cancer in London in 1976, leaving a wife, Jessica, and two sons, Timothy and Hoagan. Davies is buried at Pistyll Cemetery, near Nefyn, Gwynedd, Wales.
The World Peace Congress was instituted in Salt Lake City, Utah, in 2007. The first Congress was held in Salt Lake City, the United States from August 24 to 26, 2007. Participants, including social activists, scholars, artists, politicians, and lay people, gathered together to discuss ways for the realization of world peace and drafted the Congress 2007 Resolutions as the basis for the future quest for peace.
The Second Congress was held in Bangalore, India from February 27 to March 1, 2009. It sought to build upon the Resolutions of Congress 2007 and, in particular, to devise peace-oriented grassroots projects worldwide.
The Third Congress was held in Thailand from July 9 to 11, 2010. Panelists participated in further discussions about the quest for world peace and, collectively, constructed the Congress 2010 Resolutions.
The World Peace Congress held a three-day Medicine Workshop from June 2 to 4, 2012 in Thailand. The workshop's purpose was to educate the public in non-allopathic methods of healing. The workshop was facilitated by Morkeaw (Jaipetch Klajon), a natural medicine practitioner, and was attended by 130 participants.
Participants of the World Peace Congress assembled in Salt Lake City, Utah in August 2007, and formulated Resolutions for a global action plan to ensure world peace. These Resolutions derived from the labors of twelve panels covering varied topics such as gender, culture, kinship /community, et al.
The Congress 2012 Resolutions followed the lead established by the 2007 Resolutions: however, they proposed even more detailed action plans geared towards world peace. These Resolutions, produced in similar fashion to the 2007 Resolutions, were submitted by 10 panels with different themes, with one panel specifically focused on the then extant Thai Crisis.
Two notable heraldic features started appearing in English churches during the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries. One of these was the funerary hatchment, which was basically a coat of arms displayed on either a black or a black and white lozenge, and commemorated a notable local person.
The other was a representation of the Royal Arms, a feature of Anglican churches, representing the monarch's role as head of the Church of England. The arms has been made in several different forms. It has been done as a painting, as an embroidery, or as a relief made out of wood, stone or iron.
The usage of the Royal Arms in English churches originated in the mediaeval period, in places associated with the English monarchy. A classic surviving example is the arms of Henry VI in King's College Chapel, Cambridge.
Mary I, as a Roman Catholic, ordered the Royal Arms to be removed from churches and kept hidden away, but the features were brought back and improved under her successor, Elizabeth I. Oliver Cromwell was the only other ruler who discouraged the use of the Royal Arms.
The usage of the Royal Arms in English churches started to decline in the 1830s, owing to the Victorian fashion for "Christianisation", and as a consequence, few English churches built from Victorian times onwards use the arms.
The usage of tracery, buttresses with carved pinnacles, tiled roofs and glazing formed one feature of church architecture in the Victorian era, while a deep chancel, with an arch and crucifix, formed another. Although this was not unusual for Roman Catholic churches, it seemed alien to the Church of England, but was nevertheless adopted.
During this time, individual architects began to make their influence felt on the churches they built in England. One of the earliest was Augustus Pugin, who designed Roman Catholic churches; however, few of his works are appreciated today except for St Giles' Church at Cheadle in Staffordshire.
Architects of the mid-Victorian era who brought the Gothic style to perfection, both in church interiors and church exteriors, included William Butterfield and George Gilbert Scott. Two notable churches by the respective architects are the church of All Saints, Margaret Street in London and All Souls Church in Halifax, West Yorkshire.
The later Victorian era saw the influence of the Arts and Crafts movement, and the churches of this period returned to the less flamboyant styles of the early nineteenth century. The finest churches were often funded by private individuals. Notable architects of this time included George Frederick Bodley, whose most distinguished design is St Mary's Church at Eccleston in Cheshire, and Richard Norman Shaw, whose masterpiece is the Church of St Michael and All Angels in Bedford Park, London.
New churches continued to be built in the 20th century in the modernist and later Brutalist styles. Two main drivers were the reconstruction or replacement of churches bombed in World War II, and the New Towns movement. Notable C20 church architects include Giles Gilbert Scott, Basil Spence, Nugent Cachemaille-Day, Robert Maguire & Keith Murray and Brett, Boyd and Bosanquet.
Concruso Nacional de Belleza 1975 was held on April 26, 1975. There were 28 candidates who competed for the national crown. The winner represented the Dominican Republic at the Miss Universe 1975 . Second place was crowned as the Virreina al Miss Mundo, representing the Dominican Republic at Miss World 1975.
HUH endonucleases are broadly split into two categories of enzymes: replication initiator proteins (Rep) or relaxase / mobilization proteins. They both contain small protein domains that recognize sequence-specific origins of replication  or origin of transfer at which site they nick DNA. The nicking domain of Reps tend to be smaller, on the order of 10-20 kDa while nicking domains from relaxases are larger, roughly 20-40 kDa in size.
"Guns for Hands" is a song written and recorded by American musical duo Twenty One Pilots, released as a single only in Japan. The song was originally recorded for their second self-released album, Regional at Best. It was re-recorded for their third album Vessel, their 2012 Three Songs EP, and their 2013 EP, Migraine. The video was directed by Mark C. Eshleman. The song experienced some success in Japan, and reached number 21 on their Hot 100 chart.
This biographical article relating to People's Republic of China athletics is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
James Paul Lake (born December 17, 1976) is an American football coach. He is the head football coach at the University of Washington, a position he has held since the 2020 season. Lake has coached at both the National Football League (NFL) and college football levels, primarily overseeing defensive backs. He is currently on suspension.
A military brat, Lake was born in Walnut Creek, California; his father served in the U.S. Air Force and the family lived in various locations, including overseas tours in Turkey and the Philippines. He attended North Central High School in Spokane, Washington, was a three-sport letterman for the Indians (football, basketball, and baseball), and was recognized as a scholar-athlete.
Lake played college football for Eastern Washington University in nearby Cheney as a strong safety from 1995 to 1998, where he was an honorable-mention All-Big Sky recipient, team captain, and named to the All-Big Sky Conference Academic Team. After graduating from Eastern Washington in 1999, Lake worked as graduate assistant there during the spring before taking a full time job with the Spokane Indians, a minor league baseball team, where he worked in ticket sales.
Lake returned to Tampa Bay for the 2010 and 2011 seasons as defensive backs coach under Raheem Morris, who had replaced Gruden as head coach in 2009.
Lake joined the Washington Huskies staff in 2014 as a defensive backs coach under head coach Chris Petersen. This was his second stint at the school after serving one year under Keith Gilbertson in 2004. In 2016, he was promoted to co-defensive coordinator. On December 2, 2019, Petersen announced he would step down as Washington's head coach at the end of the 2019 season and Lake would be his successor.
The commune has been awarded one flower by the National Council of Towns and Villages in Bloom in the Competition of cities and villages in Bloom.
The commune has a rich environment in terms of Wilderness and ecological potential but industrialization has left traces: in particular the disused Pechiney Aluminium Smelter (closed in 2003) left heavy environmental consequences.
The smelter was ranked 2 under Directive 96/82/EC (Seveso). The plant had an internal landfill site of 1.8 hectares located several kilometres from the smelter site at a place called Massada on the border with Vicdessos commune. This discharge area, as well as the groundwater and soil that supported the plant operations, are polluted by various pollutants including fluorides, cyanides, hydrocarbons, arsenic, aluminium, and barium.
Virgilio Barco Isakson (born 1965) is a Colombian economist and political scientist. Barco Isakson is currently Latin America Director at Acumen, a leading impact investing fund that focuses on tackling global poverty.
Barco Isakson holds a Bachelor of Arts in government from Harvard University (1987), a Master of Science in management from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and a Master of Arts in economics from New York University. During his freshman year of college, he lived in Thayer Hall with Eric Prenowitz.
This biography of an activist for lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender rights is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This is a list of listed buildings in the civil parish of Troqueer in Dumfries and Galloway, Scotland.
The gens Apronia was a plebeian family at ancient Rome throughout the history of the Republic and into imperial times.  The first member of the gens to achieve prominence was Gaius Apronius, tribune of the plebs in 449 BC.  None of the Apronii obtained the consulship until the first century AD.
The only cognomen associated with the Apronii is Caesianus, which is probably derived from the nomen of the gens Caesia, and may indicate descent from the Caesii through the female line.
This biographical article relating to Australian athletics is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about a Paralympic medalist of Australia is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This biographical article relating to a Japanese baseball outfielder is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Genesis, stylized as GENESIS, is a series of Super Smash Bros. tournaments occurring in the San Francisco Bay Area of the United States state of California. The first Genesis tournament took place in 2009 in Antioch at the Contra Costa County Fairgrounds.
Alongside EVO, The Big House, and Pound, the GENESIS series is considered to be one of the most prestigious Super Smash Bros. tournament series.
GENESIS 4 was announced to be on January 20, 2017. This tournament was organized by Boback, Dr. Z, and Germ from DBR. The tournament kept the same lineup of games as it did in GENESIS 3 and was hosted at the same venues.
It was again won by Adam "Armada" Lindgren over Joseph "Mango" Marquez, with the grand finals being a repeat of the previous two tournaments. Wii U was won by Gonzalo "ZeRo" Barrios over Samuel "Dabuz" Buzby. Smash 64 was won by Japanese player wario, who was able to attend the tournament from a crowd fund.
Also through a fundraiser, a $500 "Bobby Scar Award" was awarded to fifth place; it was named after the Smasher and commentator Scar, who made a run at the first GENESIS, placing 6th. It was given to SFAT after PPMD said he didn't have motivation playing more.
In crew battles, team Hungrybox won the Smash Draft crew battles and Japan beat SoCal to take the regional crew battles.
GENESIS 4 took place on January 20 to January 22, 2017 in San Jose, California and used the same venues as GENESIS 3. Nintendo was once again a sponsor of the tournament, along with HTC, Nvidia, Controller Chaos, Twitch, Red Bull, and many other sponsors. Like last year, tournament organizers announced the top 64 Melee players at the event would automatically be in the second round of the tournament, sparking backlash from top players such as Leffen and Armada.
In crews, team Silent Wolf defeated Team Hungrybox in Melee Draft Crews and Team USA defeated Team Japan in Wii U World Crews.
Melee doubles was won by brothers Armada and Android over Leffen and Ice. Wii U doubles was won by Ally and MKLeo over the Japanese duo Ranai and Komorikiri. Lastly, Smash 64 doubles won by defending champions JaimeHR and SuPeRbOoMfAn over last year's runners-up tacos and The Z.
In Wii U singles, Mexican Smash player MKLeo defeated Ally to win GENESIS 4 and Peruvian Alvin defeated favorite SuPeRbOoMfAn in Smash 64 singles.
GENESIS 5 was announced on July 16, 2017. It was held from January 19, 2018 to January 21, 2018. After two events in San Jose, the tournament organizers moved to Oakland and the event was held at the Oakland Convention Center, which is attached to the Oakland City Center Marriott hotel. Sunday matches were held in the Paramount Theater.
SuPeRbOoMfAn placed himself at the top once again in Smash 64 after defeating the defending champion Alvin in a close grand finals after Alvin dominated the Canadian in the first set of grand finals. MKLeo defeated the dark horse Mistake from Canada to defend his GENESIS title.
The Melee singles for GENESIS was a historical one for the Smash scene. HugS became the first ever Samus main to reach top eight at a super major. In addition, Plup won GENESIS 5 after defeating Hungrybox in the grand finals, making him just the second non-God to defeat all five Gods and win a super major. This meant that the GENESIS saga between Armada and Mango in the grand finals came to an end, after Armada placed 4th and Mango placed 5th.
Ever since Smash 64's Genesis debut at Genesis 2, no American had won the singles event and that trend continued as k y s k defeated Josh Brody in a close series that went all five games. k y s k would also go on to win the doubles event with his partner Prince.
The news media or news industry are forms of mass media that focus on delivering news to the general public or a target public. These include print media (newspapers, newsmagazines), broadcast news (radio and television), and the Internet (online newspapers, news blogs, news videos, live news streaming, etc.).
During the 1920s, radio became a news medium, and was a significant source of breaking news. Although, during World War I, radio broadcasts in America were only given information about Allied victories because Great Britain had a monopoly on the transatlantic radio lines. For the newspapers, the government suppressed any radical or German papers during and after the war.
Television news continued to expand during the 1970s, and by 1990, more than half of American homes had cable systems and nationally oriented newspapers expanded their reach. With technological advancements in the newsroom, notably the Internet, a new emphasis on computer-assisted reporting and a new blending of media forms emerged, with one reporter preparing the same story in print, online, and on camera for a newspaper's cable station.
Broadcasting is the distribution of audio and video signals (programs) to a number of recipients ("listeners" or "viewers") that belong to a large group.  This group may be the public in general, or a relatively large audience within the public.  Thus, an Internet channel may distribute text or music worldwide, while a public address system in (for example) a workplace may broadcast very limited ad hoc soundbites to a small population within its range.
Television and radio programs are distributed through radio broadcasting or cable, often simultaneously.  By coding signals and having decoding equipment in homes, the latter also enables subscription-based channels and pay-per-view services.
A broadcasting organization may broadcast several programs at the same time, through several channels (frequencies), for example BBC One and Two. On the other hand, two or more organizations may share a channel and each use it during a fixed part of the day. Digital radio and digital television may also transmit multiplexed programming, with several channels compressed into one ensemble.
In a broadcast system (television), journalists or reporters are also involved with editing the video material that has been shot alongside their research, and in working on the visual narrative of the story. Broadcast journalists often make an appearance in the news story at the beginning or end of the video clip.
In television or broadcast journalism, news analysts (also called news-casters or news anchors) examine, interpret, and broadcast news received from various sources of information. Anchors present this as news, either videotaped or live, through transmissions from on-the-scene reporters (news correspondents).
News films ("clips") can vary in length; there are some which may be as long as ten minutes, others that need to fit in all the relevant information and material in two or three minutes. News channels these days have also begun to host special documentary films that stretch for much longer durations and are able to explore a news subject or issue in greater detail.
The desk persons categorise news stories with various formats according to the merit of the story. Such formats include AVO, AVO Byte, Pkg, VO SOT, VOX POP, and Ancho Visual.
A newspaper is a lightweight and disposable publication (more specifically, a periodical), usually printed on low-cost paper called newsprint. It may be general or of special interest, and may be published daily, weekly, biweekly, monthly, bimonthly, or quarterly.
General-interest newspapers are usually journals of current news on a variety of topics. Those can include political events, crime, business, sports, and opinions (either editorials, columns, or political cartoons). Many also include weather news and forecasts. Newspapers increasingly use photographs to illustrate stories; they also often include comic strips and other entertainment, such as crosswords.
A story is a single article, news item or feature, usually concerning a single event, issue, theme, or profile of a person. Correspondents report news occurring in the main, locally, from their own country, or from foreign cities where they are stationed.
A newsmagazine, sometimes called news magazine, is a usually weekly magazine featuring articles on current events. News magazines generally go more in-depth into stories than newspapers, trying to give the reader an understanding of the context surrounding important events, rather than just the facts.
A newsreel was a documentary film common in the first half of the 20th century, that regularly released in a public presentation place containing filmed news stories.
Many news organizations based in other media also distribute news online. How much they take advantage of the medium varies. Some news organizations use the web only or primarily.
The Internet challenges traditional news organizations in several ways. They may be losing classified ads to Web sites, which are often targeted by interest instead of geography. The advertising on news web sites is sometimes insufficient to support the investment.
Even before the Internet, technology and perhaps other factors were dividing people's attention, leading to more but narrower media outlets.
Online journalism also leads to the spread of independent online media such as openDemocracy and the UK, Wikinews as well as allowing smaller news organizations to publish to a broad audience.
Live online streaming journalism began on various online platforms in the late 2010s, such as youtube.com and twitch.tv (which began primarily as a live streaming platform targeting gamers, then expanding into non-gaming topics including news and political reporting and commentary).
By covering news, politics, weather, sports, entertainment, and vital events, the daily media shape the dominant cultural, social and political picture of society. Beyond the media networks, independent news sources have evolved to report on events which escape attention or underlie the major stories.  In recent years, the blogosphere has taken reporting a step further, mining down to the experiences and perceptions of individual citizens.
Media integrity refers to the ability of a news media outlet to serve the public interest and democratic process, making it resilient to institutional corruption within the media system, economy of influence, conflicting dependence and political clientelism. Media integrity encompasses following qualities of a media outlet:
The concept was devised particularly for the media systems in the region of South East Europe, within the project South East European Media Observatory, gathering organisations which are part of the South East European Network for Professionalization of Media (SEENPM).
The 27th Assembly district is located within Wisconsin's 9th Senate district, along with the 25th and 26th Assembly districts.
The district was created in the 1972 redistricting act (1971 Wisc. Act 304) which first established the numbered district system, replacing the previous system which allocated districts to specific counties.  The 27th district  was drawn somewhat in line with the boundaries of the previous Milwaukee County 12th district (downtown Milwaukee) with the addition of northern parts of what had been the Milwaukee County 17th district (Port of Milwaukee).
This article about a location in the state of Wisconsin is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Protoporphyrinogen IX  is an organic chemical compound which is produced along the synthesis of porphyrins, a class of critical biochemicals that include hemoglobin and chlorophyll. It is a direct precursor of protoporphyrin IX.
The compound is a porphyrinogen, meaning that it has a non-aromatic hexahydroporphine core, which will be oxidized to a porphine core in later stages of the heme synthesis.  Like most porphyrinogens, it is colorless.
The compound is synthesized in most organisms from coproporphyrinogen III by the enzyme coproporphyrinogen oxidase:
The process entails conversion of two of four propionic acid groups to vinyl groups. In coproporphyrinogen III, the substituents on the pyrrole rings have the arrangement MP-MP-MP-PM, where M and P are methyl and propionic acid, respectively.  In protoporphyrinogen IX, the sequence becomes MV-MV-MP-PM, where V is vinyl.
By the action of protoporphyrinogen oxidase, protoporphyrinogen IX is later converted into protoporphyrin IX, the first colored tetrapyrrole in the biosynthesis of hemes.
As a young man Burnet's attention was on Whig politics; he was notorious about London for debauchery and wit. Jonathan Swift, writing of the Mohocks in 1712, said: "The bishop of Salisbury's son is said to be of the gang; they are all whigs." His reputation for debauchery caused his father much distress, although there was no permanent estrangement, and Thomas was sincerely grieved by the death of Gilbert, whom he called "the best of fathers", in 1715.
Burnet returned to England in 1728 and was called to the bar in 1729. He prevailed upon Attorney General Philip Yorke for employment, and was successful in securing a position as Serjeant-at-Law in Easter term 1736, and King's Serjeant in May 1740. He was appointed a judge of the Court of Common Pleas in October 1741, when William Fortescue became Master of the Rolls. He was knighted in November 1745 and was a Fellow of the Royal Society.
Burnet died unmarried, at his house in Lincoln's Inn Fields, on 8 January 1753, of gout in the stomach, and was buried near his father at St. James's Church, Clerkenwell. Some scandal was created by a clause in his will that he "lived as he trusted he should die, in the true faith of Christ as taught in the scriptures, but not in any one visible church that I know of, though I think the Church of England is as little stuffed with the inventions of men as any of them".
and a volume of posthumous poems, 1777. He also wrote in The Grumbler, and replied to George Granville's vindication of General George Monck against Gilbert Burnet's strictures.
The Great Depression hit the school hard, and faculty and staff often forwent paychecks to keep the school running. The end of World War II and the GI Bill saw a resurgence in enrollment and, by the mid-1960s, the "college on the hill" experienced an upswing comparable to the 1920s. Several new buildings were constructed on the campus including four dormitories, a new library, Brengle Hall, a science building, and Stinson Hall.
Oakland City teams participate as a member of the National Christian College Athletic Association (NCCAA) and the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA). The Mighty Oaks were previously an NCAA Division II Independent.
Green played and recorded with Bo Diddley until late 1964, when he married and decided to cease performing.  He died in or around 1973, according to some sources in New York City.
The 1983 Ole Miss Rebels football team represented the University of Mississippi in the sport of American football during the 1983 NCAA Division I-A football season. It was the first year for head coach Billy Brewer.
"The Immaculate Deflection" - Artie Crosby missed a 27-yard field goal attempt with 24 seconds left when 40 mile-per-hour winds knocked down the football before it could pass the crossbar.
In the Serer religion, Semou Njekeh Joof is immortalized in the cult of Tagdiam. The principle shrine of Tagdiam is named after him. Tagdiam in present-day Senegal was where he lived.
This biographical article relating to a Cuban basketball figure is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This biographical article related to association football in Germany, about a goalkeeper, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
In the United States and Europe, Larkin is recognized for his 1995 singles "Scatman (Ski-Ba-Bop-Ba-Dop-Bop)" and "Scatman's World". He achieved his greatest success in Japan, where his album Scatman's World (1995) sold over a million copies. Larkin was also a recipient of the American Speech-Language-Hearing Association's Annie Glenn Award for outstanding service to the stuttering community and a posthumous inductee to the National Stuttering Association Hall of Fame.
Larkin became a professional jazz pianist in the 1970s and 80s, playing many engagements in jazz clubs around Los Angeles.[citation needed] His first known performance on a studio album was in 1981 on the album Animal Sounds by Sam Phipps. In 1986, he released the self-titled album John Larkin on the Transition label. This album was produced by John himself, along with Marcia Larkin. It featured Joe Farrell on saxophone.
Larkin was worried that listeners would realize he stuttered, and his wife, Judy, suggested that he talk about it directly in his music. Working with dance producers Ingo Kays and Tony Catania, he recorded the first single, "Scatman (Ski-Ba-Bop-Ba-Dop-Bop)". After his first big hit, he adopted the new name and persona of "Scatman" John.
The second Scatman John album, Everybody Jam!, was released in 1996. While nowhere near as successful on an international level as his debut, the album and accompanying single took off in Japan, the country in which he would see success on a larger scale than anywhere else in the world.[citation needed] In Europe, subsequent singles failed to replicate the chart success of his first two singles, giving him the title two-hit wonder.
In late 1998 Larkin was diagnosed with lung cancer, but he continued his musical work despite being told to take it easy from his substantial workload. In June 1999, Larkin released his fourth and ultimately final album as Scatman John, Take Your Time. Shortly afterwards, he was sent into intensive treatment.
Larkin died at his home in Los Angeles on December 3, 1999, at the age of 57. He was surrounded by his wife Judy, his mother Harriet, and his brother Bill. He was cremated, and in 2001 his ashes were scattered over the Pacific Ocean near Malibu, California.
The Cabinet Secretary for Environment, Climate Change and Land Reform was a cabinet post in the Scottish Government. The Cabinet Secretary was supported by the Minister for Rural Affairs and the Natural Environment, who also reported to the Cabinet Secretary for the Rural Economy.
The following public bodies report to the Cabinet Secretary for Environment, Climate Change and Land Reform:
The Ministerial post was abolished in May 2016 at the beginning of the second Sturgeon government. The duties of the junior Ministerial post were upgraded to full Cabinet Secretary status at that point as the Cabinet Secretary for Environment, Climate Change and Land Reform.
The final Cabinet Secretary for Environment, Climate Change and Land Reform was Roseanna Cunningham.
This article about a location in Preston County, West Virginia is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The title music of Surabhi was composed by Indian composer and classical violinist L. Subramaniam. Indian cooperative dairy giant Amul sponsored it for a long time, and the show was titled Amul Surabhi.
During the 1990s, Surabhi had become a benchmark show and is known as "one of the best television shows ever made that reflected the length and breath of the Indian culture". Subsequently, Kak established the Surabhi Foundation with the assistance of Ford Foundation and started a project on preserving cultural artifacts.
Neil Lowe played right-second-row, i.e. number 12, in Featherstone Rovers' 22-24 defeat by Wakefield Trinity in the 1998 First Division Grand Final at McAlpine Stadium, Huddersfield on 26 September 1998.
The 1991 Ben Hogan Tour season was the second season of the Ben Hogan Tour, the PGA Tour's official developmental tour, now known as the Web.com Tour. The top five players on the final money list earned PGA Tour cards for 1992.
The season ran from February 1 to October 20 and consisted of 30 events. All of the tournament names began with "Ben Hogan", e. g. "Ben Hogan Bakersfield Open"; this is eliminated here for brevity.
This article about a Russian association football club is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Achyra nigrirenalis is a moth in the family Crambidae. It was described by George Hampson in 1913. It is found in Australia, where it has been recorded from Western Australia, the Northern Territory, Queensland and South Australia.
Toronto Premium Outlets is an outlet mall in Halton Hills, Ontario, Canada.  Being the first Premium Outlet Center in Canada, and the first conglomeration of stores of its type in that nation, the facility opened on Thursday, August 1, 2013. It is anchored by Saks Off 5th and Restoration Hardware.
The mall has 800,000 square feet (74,322 square meters) of shopping including the first ever Hudson's Bay Discount Store, which was replaced by Saks Off Fifth.
The community is located between Pine City and Henriette; near the intersection of Pine County 7 and Pine County 13.
Originally an Ojibwa village, Pokegama housed a Presbyterian Mission ran by Frederick Ayer, claiming to print the first Christian Bible in the Ojibwe language in Minnesota.
As of 2004, Pokegama held the Minnesota state record low temperature records for March (-49 F in 1897), November (-45 F in 1896), and December (-57 F in 1898).
This article about a location in Pine County, Minnesota is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Signaling System No. 6 (SS6) was introduced in the 1970s as an early common channel signalling method for telecommunication trunks between international switching centers (ISCs). It is specified in CCITT Recommendations Q.251-Q.300.
The system had limited applications since at that time the predecessor systems Signaling System No. 5 (C5) and C4 were widely in use, but there was a need to experience common channel working on a fast digital basis.[citation needed]
The CCITT 6 signalling channel was typically a 2.4 kbit/s data link. Technology at the time was an M1040 or M1020 analogue Four-wire circuit presented private circuit link. Modems were slowly beginning to exceed these data rates over 4w circuits; these data links had the advantage that there was no national tail from the ISC out to a normal end point in the country. It was often the National Section that detracted the most from the quality and reliability of such links.
Finally it was considered possible that a mesh of such data channels could be set up between major centres, leading to a system where the link between country A and country B could perform the signalling functions for links to country A from country D for example.
CCITT No 6 was a method developed & implemented by administrations in a limited number of countries for use in correspondent International Switching of analogue telephone calls. The next development was correspondent and non-correspondent switching of telephone calls by new operators in the countries where more sophisticated methods were required.
The Yorba Linda Fault or Yorba Linda Trend is a fault system that extends from northeast Yorba Linda, California to the southeastern portion of the Chino Hills and Chino Hills (city), in San Bernardino County, California.
He graduated with B.Sc from Rangoon Arts and Science University and a diploma in French from Institute of Foreign Language, Rangoon. He also attended the School of Advanced International Studies (SAIS) at Johns Hopkins University near Washington, DC as a Fulbright Scholar from 1984 to 1985.
In 2017 president Htin Kyaw appointed him in new position, National Security Advisor. The position was created as the government faces ongoing clashes with ethnic armed groups in the country's north and east while attacks by Muslim militants with international connections sparked a large security operation in western Rakhine State.
He became the union minister of newly formed ministry, Union Government Office Ministry in November 2017. He was appointed by president Htin Kyaw. This ministry will served the duties of the Union Government.
After the resignation of Planning and Finance minister Kyaw Win who also the Chairman of Myanmar Investment Commission, Thaung Tun became the new chairman. President Win Myint formed the new commission with 13 members. Investment and Foreign Economic minister Thaung Tun served as chairman and Commerce minister Than Myint served as vice chairman.
The 2011 AFL season was the Adelaide Football Club's 21st season in the AFL. Neil Craig coached from round 1 to round 18, but was replaced by Mark Bickley who coached from round 19. Nathan van Berlo was appointed captain and the leadership group consisted of Scott Stevens, Ben Rutten, Michael Doughty and Scott Thompson.
In 2019 World Museum in Liverpool staged the first-ever exhibition of Taki Katei's work outside Japan.
Katei's student, Ishibashi Kazunori, took a large group of drawings from the studio with him to Britain in 1904, which he sold to the Liverpool businessman, Cedric Boult and his wife, Katharine, in 1913. The couple's son, Sir Adrian Boult, donated these in 1956 to National Museums Liverpool, and some were transferred to the Royal Ontario Museum and the National Museum of Scotland.
Elections to the United States House of Representatives in Florida were held November 5, 1878 for the 46th Congress.
For the first few post-Reconstruction elections in Florida, the Republicans dominated Congressional elections.  The previous election was the first election in which a Democrat won on the initial results (a Republican victory was successfully contested by a Democrat after the 1870 and 1874 elections).  Going into the election, Florida's delegation was split between one Republican and one Democrat.
As in the 1874 and 1876 elections, the results in the 2nd district were successfully contested.  This time, Horatio Bisbee, Jr. (R) successfully challenged the election of Noble A. Hull (D), and was declared with victor with a vote of 11,194 - 10,844, serving in House January 22 - March 3, 1881
Song Ji-young (born 6 June 1996) is a South Korean handball player for SK Sugar Gliders and the South Korean national team.
This biographical article related to South Korean team handball is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Grandma's Pet is an animated short film by Walter Lantz Productions and as part of the Oswald the Lucky Rabbit series. It is the 53rd Lantz Oswald and the 106th overall.
One night, Oswald is reading to three kittens the story of Little Red Riding Hood. After reading his book, he falls to sleep in his bed.
As Oswald and the doll go on walking, the wolf decided to reach the grandmother's home before them which is part of his plan. The wolf invades the house and harasses the old lady before putting her in a freezer. He then disguises himself in a nightgown and tucks himself in the bed.
When the two little friends finally arrived at the house, the doll proceeds to the bedroom while Oswald stays near door. While the rabbit waits, a rat came to and tells him to open the freezer. Oswald opens it and was shocked to find the real grandmother trapped in a block of ice. At the bedroom, the doll eventually realizes who she's speaking to and begins to make her run as the wolf aggressively goes forth.
In no time, the wolf got his hands on the doll and takes her basket which he finds a magic wand inside. Before Oswald could intervene, he magically sends the rabbit into a skyscraper area, dangling on two clotheslines. The wolf then teleports Oswald onto an elevated railway with an incoming train, then into the mouth of a whale, and finally in a shooting gallery with firing shooters. He and the doll (still in his grasp) were in every place Oswald was transported to, but at safer locations.
Finding his way out of the shooters' gunfire, Oswald was able to take the wand, and teleports everybody back to the grandmother's place. When they returned to the house, the wolf, for some reason, was lying on a table unconscious. Oswald then uses the wand to transform their tormentor into a large roasted turkey. The grandmother, who is finally defrosted, came to the dining room and decides to have a meal of what's on the table. For a job well done, Oswald and the doll kissed each other.
Morning came and Oswald wakes up from his dream. He was, however, surprised to see that what he had been kissing was a cow which sticks its head in the window.
The cartoon is available on the Woody Woodpecker and Friends Classic Cartoon Collection DVD box set.
Yam was born in 1998 in Herzliya, Israel. Yam grew up living on board a boat in the Herzliya marina. She was labeled an academically gifted child, and at age 14 she became a youth horse-riding champion in Israel.
On June 6, 2016 Yam Kaspers Anshel came in second-place in Miss Israel 2016 competition, after Karin Alia. As a result, she competed in Miss Universe 2016.
Spirou (Walloon for "squirrel, mischievous") is a Belgian comic strip character and protagonist in the comic strip series Spirou et Fantasio and Le Petit Spirou. He also serves as the mascot of the Belgian comic strip magazine Spirou.
The character was originally created by Robert Velter (Rob-Vel) for the launch of Le journal de Spirou (Spirou magazine) in 1938. Spirou was originally an elevator operator and bell-boy at the fictional Moustique Hotel.  At some point he became a reporter for the  eponymous magazine, though he remained dressed in his trademark red uniform.
Spirou's design was changed through the years by the various writers and artists who created his adventures but he has kept his spiky red-hair and clothes of the same colour even after ditching his hotel uniform.
A six-year-old version of Spirou is the star of the spin-off series Le Petit Spirou, which is concerned with his tribulations at school and the anatomy of girls. This later series and its star are generally acknowledged to have little in common with the old one.
After his defeat, Cameron worked as Commonwealth medical officer in Sydney and was High Commissioner to New Zealand from 1962 to 1965.  He was then a general practitioner in the Brisbane suburb of Nundah. 
 Andrew Norton (born 7 July 1965) is an Australian author and researcher. He was a Research Fellow at the Centre for Independent Studies, and Policy and Government Relations Adviser at the University of Melbourne. He is former director of the CIS's Liberalising Learning research programme and editor of its journal Policy. Norton  was the Program Director of Higher Education at the Grattan Institute from 2011 to 2019.
During the 2001 election, Andrew Norton was interviewed on SBS Worldview, ABC Life Matters, and The 7:30 Report concerning his opinions on ALP's higher education funding plans. Various newspapers and magazines have published articles by Norton about his market-based approach to higher education.[citation needed]
In 2013 he was appointed by then Minister for Education Christopher Pyne to review the previous government's decision to remove controls on the number of government-supported bachelor's degree students in Australian public universities, known as demand driven funding. His co-reviewer was David Kemp.
The review of the demand driven system was released in April 2014. The main recommendations to keep and extend the system were accepted by the government. However the government's legislation, which also included deregulation undergraduate fees, was twice defeated in the Australian Senate.
  A by-election for the seat of Canterbury in the New South Wales Legislative Assembly was held on 12 November 2016. The by-election was triggered by the resignation of Labor MP and former interim Labor leader Linda Burney on 6 May to contest the division of Barton at the 2016 federal election.
In its second incarnation from 1927, the electoral district of Canterbury has been held by the Labor Party, excepting between 1932 and 1935 when Edward Hocking held the seat for the United Australia Party following the Lang dismissal crisis.
St. Stanislaus Kostka Parish is a former parish in Waterbury, Connecticut, United States, originally designated for Polish immigrants.
Founded on January 30, 1913. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Archdiocese of Hartford. In 2017, the parish was merged with Saint Anne Church in the south end to form All Saints Parish. The building was closed for regularly scheduled worship, and subsequently sold to a Pentecostal church.
On July 7, 1912, Bishop John Joseph Nilan appointed Fr. Ignatius Maciejewski as administrator of a Polish parish in Waterbury. The priest soon celebrated the first parish Mass in the chapel of Our Lady of Lourdes Church, which the Polish immigrants had rented. 
St. Stanislaus Kostka Parish became legally founded on January 30, 1913. Land on East Farm Street was purchased from the Immaculate Conception parish for a church. On August 13, 1914, Bishop John Joseph Nilan named Fr. Theodore Zimmerman first resident pastor. 
The gray granite foundation having been laid, the church cornerstone was blessed on September 14, 1914. The first Mass was celebrated in the completed edifice on October 24, 1915. The completed church superstructure was dedicated on September 26, 1926.
This article about a Catholic Church in the United States church building is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
A small river flows from the entrance of the village. The existing school is no longer operating. The Central Church of the village is dedicated to the Prophet Elias.
The village is famous for its beautiful square with tall plane trees . Also near the village there is a chapel dedicated to Saint Paisios of Mount Athos.
Fantasy Book Review stated "In a change from the traditional sword and sorcery based FF books, this sci-fi romp has dispensed with Gold Pieces, Potions and Items and replaced them with Hero Points and Clues...While this is not the best FF book that Steve Jackson ever wrote it is an excellent gamebook..."
Aerolite is a urea-formaldehyde gap filling adhesive which is water- and heat-resistant. It is used in large quantities by the chipboard industry and also by wooden boat builders for its high strength and durability. It is also used in joinery, veneering and general woodwork assembly. Aerolite has also been used for wooden aircraft construction, and a properly made Aerolite joint is said to be three times stronger than spruce wood.
When World War II broke out, the small company began to grow.  Morris Motors used Aerolite and Aero Research's strip heating process to assemble Airspeed Horsa gliders, as did de Havilland on its Mosquito, as well as on other aircraft and also naval launches and patrol boats. On the Mosquito, Aerolite soon replaced the original "Beetle Cement" (known as "Kaurit" in Germany) synthetic resin adhesive used, after this glue was found not to stand up to the hot and humid climate in the Far East.
Following the end of the war, in 1948 de Bruyne sold control of Aero Research to the Swiss company Ciba, but remained as managing director until 1960.
Taylor Springs is a village in Montgomery County, Illinois, United States. The population was 690 at the 2010 census.
As of the census of 2000, there were 583 people, 250 households, and 162 families residing in the village. The population density was 677.1 people per square mile (261.7/km2). There were 264 housing units at an average density of 306.6 per square mile (118.5/km2). The racial makeup of the village was 98.80% White, 0.17% Native American, 0.69% from other races, and 0.34% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.03% of the population.
There were 250 households, out of which 31.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.4% were married couples living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.8% were non-families. 31.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.91.
In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.7% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 29.2% from 25 to 44, 22.0% from 45 to 64, and 16.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.5 males.
The median income for a household in the village was $29,773, and the median income for a family was $35,000. Males had a median income of $37,361 versus $18,056 for females. The per capita income for the village was $14,279. About 3.8% of families and 9.1% of the population were below the poverty line, including 5.4% of those under age 18 and 15.1% of those age 65 or over.
Bobsleigh at the 2022 Winter Olympics will be held at the Xiaohaituo Bobsleigh and Luge Track which is one of the Yanqing cluster venues. A total of four bobsleigh events will be held, between 4 and 20 February 2022.
In July 2018, the International Olympic Committee (IOC) officially added the women's monobob event to the program, increasing the total number of events to four.
A maximum of 170 quota spots will be available to athletes to compete at the games (124 men and 46 women). The qualification is base on the world rankings of 16 January 2022.
All times are in local time (UTC+8), according to the official schedule correct as of March 2021. This schedule may be subject to change in due time.
Da Silva won three victories at World Cup competitions (1985, 1989, and 1992) over 200 m. He set two South American records over 100 metres and five over 200 m. In 1989, he was ranked No. 1 in the world with a time of 19.96 s over 200 m. His personal best of 10.00 makes him the fastest South American in history.[citation needed]
Regarding performance-enhancing drugs, Da Silva has stated he decided "not to take [them] and lose because it was a matter of character [and] dignity".
The aircraft involved was a seven-year-old DC-9-14, which had been delivered to Avensa from McDonnell Douglas in 1967.
Venezuelan authorities and the United States National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) investigated the accident.
The cause of the accident was determined as an engine failure. The cause for the engine failure and loss of control was not determined.
Paris City Vision is a tour operator in Paris and other parts of France. Founded in 1929 as Paris Vision, the company is one of the oldest professional tourism businesses in Paris.
Paris changed its commercial name to become Paris City Vision after its merger with Cityrama  in 2010.
The CityVision group is also a shareholder in Paris City Vision La Marina, which owns boat restaurants on the River Seine.
Paris City Vision was created through successive mergers of different activities: tour bus and minibus excursions and cruises on the Seine.
Localers is a walking tours specialist that was founded in 2012 and joined the CityVision Group in 2016.
There are also 2 night-clubs adjacent including 'Kube', which has regular live music from respected dj's.
An outdoor skate-park had been added underneath the raised road, which included a half-pipe and a funbox, although they often became waterlogged in heavy rain. This was demolished in 2008 and rebuilt in 2009 by Freestyle, thanks to local grants and the Youth Capital Fund. It was re-located adjacent to the main Playground within the Castle Grounds, replacing one of several Tennis Courts.
This article includes a list of U.S. states sorted by birth and death rate, expressed per 1,000 inhabitants, for 2018, using the most recent data available from the U.S. National Center for Health Statistics.
Paris (foaled 1803) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse. In a career that lasted from April 1806 to April 1808, he ran fourteen times and won seven races. In 1806 he won the Derby on his third racecourse appearance shortly after being sold by his breeder. Paris stayed in training for two more years and had some success in match races. His racing career was ended by an injury at Newmarket Racecourse in 1808, after which he was retired to stud where he proved a to be a complete failure.
Paris was a brown horse bred by his first owner Sir Frank Standish.  Paris's sire, Sir Peter Teazle (or simply "Sir Peter") won the Epsom Derby in 1787 and became the most successful stallion of the time, winning the title of Champion sire on ten occasions between 1799 and 1809. Paris was the last foal of Horatia, a highly successful broodmare, who had previously produced the Derby winner Archduke and the double Doncaster Cup winner Stamford, both sired by Sir Peter.
In late summer, Paris was sent on an unsuccessful journey to York. On 24 August he started 1/2 favourite for a Sweepstakes over four miles but finished last of the five runners behind Thorn. Two days later he ran in a three-mile Sweepstakes for four-year-olds against Thorn, Smuggler and the St Leger winner Fyldener, who was made 7/4 favourite. Paris started at odds of 6/1 and finished second to Smuggler.
On his return to Newmarket, Paris started favourite for a Subscription race on 29 September and finished second to the Duke of Grafton's filly Vanity.
Paris stayed in training as a five-year-old, but his season was restricted to a single race. On 18 April at Newmarket, he broke down injured in a 500 guinea match against the Derby runner-up Trafalgar. He did not race again and was withdrawn from matches against Canopus in April and Smuggler in May.
Paris was never advertised as a stallion in the Racing Calendar, and appears to have made no impact whatsoever as a sire. According to the General Stud Book he sired only two known foals, fillies born in 1810 (out of Venom) and 1812 (out of Roxana).
Erandio is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain. The name comes from euskera ARANDIO that means plum plantation or field.
In 1415, during the War of the Bands, the corregidor, the royally-appointed governor of the Biscayan hermandad, acting on royal orders, siphoned off Biscayan wheat to the Asturias, inciting a rebellion. The Biscayans were defeated at Erandio with the loss of sixty men and the wheat transfers continued.
Several annual festivals are celebrated in Erandio. Most of them are fiestas patronales (patronage festivals, held in the days around the date dedicated to the patron saints under whose advocation churches and hermits are). The local public holiday of the municipality rotates yearly on August 10, August 28 and the corpus Christi day.
Erandio has also celebrated a street music festival called Musikale, with music bands marching and playing in the neighbourhoods of Altzaga and Astrabudua. Musikale was originally conceived in the neighbouring municipality of Leioa. For some years it was held simultaneously in Leioa, Erandio, Basauri and Sestao, but the other municipalities dropped it, and in 2013 only Erandio organised it.
Erandio is connected to other municipalities of Biscay (like Barakaldo, Bermeo, Bilbao, Derio, Getxo, Larrabetzu, Laukiz, Leioa, Mungia and Muskiz) by Bizkaibus bus services  and by Line 1 of Metro Bilbao, which has three stations in Erandio (Lutxana, Erandio, and Astrabudua). It is also connected to Barakaldo by regular fluvial transport over the Estuary of Bilbao.
McAlister was born on March 1, 1928, in Lynchburg, Virginia. He died at age 80 on November 23, 2008, in Katy, Texas.  He was survived by his wife, Patty Neal Hunter McAlister, three daughters and three step-children. McAlister was the grandfather of eleven and the great-grandfather of three.
The narK RNA motif is a conserved RNA structure that was discovered by bioinformatics. narK motif RNAs are found in Beta- and Gammaproteobacteria.
Valle de Zaragoza  is one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua, in northern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Valle de Zaragoza. 
As of 2010, the town of Valle de Zaragoza had a population of 2,223. Other than the town of Valle de Zaragoza, the municipality had 156 localities, none of which had a population over 1,000.
This article about a location in the Mexican state of Chihuahua is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
A stage version of Dangerous Lady opened at the Theatre Royal Stratford East, London, her third to be presented at the Royal Stratford, to positive reviews. The play ran from Friday 19 October 2012 - Saturday 17 November 2012.
Samaraweera is a surname of Sinhalese origin and primarily used in Sri Lanka, but is also used in southern India and Housewives. It may refer to:
This biographical article related to a Brazilian association football defender born in the 1990s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Having finished the thirty-volume Carl Barks Library, Another Rainbow Publishing is no longer an active publisher, although they still sell previously published works.
Another Rainbow Publishing also produced and issued the award-winning book The Fine Art of Walt Disney's Donald Duck by Carl Barks, a comprehensive collection of the Disney duck paintings of this artist and storyteller. Not long after, the company began producing fine art lithographs of many of these paintings, in strictly limited editions, all signed by Barks, who eventually produced many original works for the series.
In 2001, all of these figurines were destroyed due to a licensing disagreement with the new management at the Walt Disney Company.
Bruce Hamilton, co-founder, and driving force behind Another Rainbow Publishing, died on June 20, 2005, after a long illness.
This article is a list of Super Bowl commercials, that is, commercials that aired on the television  network during the broadcast of the Super Bowl. In 2010, Nielsen reported that 51% of viewers prefer the commercials to the game itself. This does not include advertisements towards a local region or network (e.g. promoting local news shows), pre-kickoff and post-game commercials/sponsors, or in-game advertising sponsors and television bumpers.
The commercials included ads from "Ford, Chrysler, RCA, RJ Reynolds Tobacco, McDonald's, Budweiser, among others."
This year was known for its many commercials for websites, with 17 websites posing commercials. Many became defunct after the "dot-com Bowl".
The Black Andrew Nature Reserve is a protected nature reserve located on the south west slopes of New South Wales, Australia. The 1,559-hectare (3,850-acre) reserve is situated on the southern shore of Burrinjuck Dam on the Murrumbidgee River, an important reservoir for the Murrumbidgee Irrigation Area.
The reserve was created in 2001 and is managed by the New South Wales National Parks and Wildlife Service under the provisions of the Southern Regional Forest Agreement (SRFA). Prior to creation of the reserve, it was Crown land and was managed by the then-New South Wales Department of Land and Water Conservation.
Three amphibian species, 16 reptile species, 29 mammal species and 83 bird species have been observed in the reserve. Of the mammal species, 11 are bats and 5 are non-native.
The Australian anchor plant (Discaria pubescens), yellow-bellied glider (Petaurus australis), common bent-wing bat (Miniopterus schreibersii), powerful owl (Ninox strenua), barking owl (Ninox connivens), brown treecreeper (Climacteris picumnus) and booroolong frog (Litoria booroolongensis) are all identified as vulnerable species in the Threatened Species Conservation Act 1995.
Anton R. Valukas (born 1943) is an American attorney who served as the United States Attorney for the Northern District of Illinois from 1985 to 1989. In 2007, he became the chairman of Jenner & Block. He was later appointed bankruptcy examiner during the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers.
Valukas is the son of Anton J. Valukas, a former Illinois Circuit Court judge. His grandfather, Anton Kasmir, migrated to the United States from Lithuania. He attended Lawrence University, graduating in 1965, and Northwestern University School of Law, graduating in 1968. He was admitted to the bar of Illinois in 1968.
Valukas became an Assistant United States Attorney in 1970. In 1974, he became Chief of the Special Prosecutions Division of the United States Department of Justice. Then, in 1975-76, he served as First Assistant United States Attorney. In addition to his duties at the Department of Justice, from 1972 to 1976, Valukas was an instructor at the John Marshall Law School.
A Republican, Valukas left the DOJ in 1976 when Jimmy Carter assumed office as President of the United States. Valukas joined Jenner & Block as a partner at this time. He also served as an adjunct professor at the Northwestern University School of Law from 1980 to 1982.
In 1985, President Ronald Reagan appointed Valukas as United States Attorney for the Northern District of Illinois. The most notable event of Valukas' four-year term as United States Attorney was Operation Greylord, an investigation into judicial corruption in Cook County, Illinois that ultimately resulted in the indictment of 92 people, including 17 judges.
At the end of his term as United States Attorney, in 1989, Valukas returned to Jenner & Block. There, his practice has focused on white collar criminal defense. He also tutored three young men from Chicago's projects, all of whom earned college degrees.
In 2009, Valukas was appointed bankruptcy examiner in the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers. His Examiner's report was released to the public in March 2010.
Recently,[when?] he enquired into and submitted a report on General Motor Company's safety record.[citation needed]
The University of Georgia (UGA or Georgia) is a public land-grant research university with its main campus in Athens, Georgia. Founded in 1785, it is one of the oldest public universities in the United States. The flagship of the University System of Georgia, it has been classified as a Public Ivy, a public institution which offers an academic experience equivalent to an Ivy League university.
In June 1961, Holmes and Hunter were joined by another African American, Mary Frances Early, who transferred to the school as a graduate student. Before Holmes and Hunter, Early became the first African American to graduate from UGA in 1962. The College of Education later established a professorship in her honor.  In February 2020, the UGA College of Education was officially named in honor of Mary Frances Early.
The university has seventeen schools and colleges, the titles "college" or "school" not indicating any distinction between them for the university. In addition to the colleges and schools, the university is home to the University of Georgia/Medical College of Georgia Medical Partnership that provides education leading to the Doctor of Medicine (M.D.) degree from the University of Georgia as well as extensive facilities for medically related education and research at the University of Georgia.
The President of the University of Georgia (Jere Morehead) is the head administrator and is appointed and overseen by the Georgia Board of Regents. University of Georgia has had 22 presidents since its founding in 1785. Each individual college and school is headed by a dean. The university has a student-to-faculty ratio of 17 students per faculty member.
The main campus is traditionally divided into five sections, North, South, Central, East and West Campuses. The university has academic, research, residential, dining, and athletic facilities spread throughout the campus and on several off-campus facilities.
Located south of the Ramsey Center, the University Health Center provides health services to the university's student and faculty with a staff of more than 200 health professionals.
The university's year-round residential study-abroad program is held at Trinity College of Oxford University in England, where students and faculty study, learn and teach at Trinity College and live in a three-story Victorian house near the heart of the city.
The 56-acre UGA Health Sciences Campus has an extensive landscaped green space with more than 400 trees and several historic buildings. The nearly 63,000 square-feet of building space on the new Health Sciences Campus include classrooms, rooms for small group and clinical skills teaching, lab space for gross anatomy, pathology and histology, a medical library, and faculty offices. The Medical Partnership administration is housed in Winnie Davis Hall which was built in 1902.
The basketball, volleyball, and gymnastics teams also have a practice facility in the adjacent Coliseum Training Facility. Stegeman Coliseum was the venue for the 1996 Summer Olympics Volleyball and Rhythmic Gymnastics,
A large black marble Olympics Monument on the west lawn of Stegeman Coliseum, erected in preparation for the 1996 Summer Olympics, commemorates the more than 115 UGA students who participated in the Olympics, including Forrest "Spec" Towns. The Spec Towns Track located nearby was constructed in 1964 and is home to UGA's track and field teams.
The Dan Magill Tennis Complex, located south of Stegeman Coliseum, includes sixteen tennis courts with seating for a total of about 5,000 spectators.
UGA also has its own University Golf Course that is a par 71 Robert Trent Jones designed golf course that is regarded as one of the best university courses in the United States.
The overall average high school GPA of all enrolled first-year students was 4.07, first year students had taken an average of eight high school advanced placement courses, and more than 97% were in their school's "advanced" or "most difficult" curriculum.
The average SAT score for all admitted first-year students was 1400 out of 1600 (in the top five percent nationally), and the average ACT Composite score was 31 (in the "highly selective" category - also in top five percent nationally). For honors students, the average SAT score was 1530 out of 1600 and the average ACT Composite score was 34, both being in top 99th percentile nationally.
In 2019, the university was tied for with Harvard and Columbia in U.S. News & World Report's rankings of "Best National Universities for Undergraduate Teaching." In keeping with the teaching portion of its motto, the university has a student-to-faculty ratio of 17 students per faculty member, and 46 percent of its classes have fewer than 20 students.
The University of Georgia's Office of International Education offers numerous study abroad destinations for a wide array of majors and areas of study. Destinations include, for example, Argentina, Belize, Brazil, Antarctica, Canada, China, Croatia, Czech Republic, Costa Rica, Ireland, Japan, South Korea, India, Finland, France, Germany, Ghana, Italy, New Zealand, Mexico, Poland, Puerto Rico, Russia, the Netherlands, Spain, South Africa, Tanzania, Turkey, and the United Kingdom.
The university began its first year-round residential study-abroad program at Trinity College of Oxford University in England, where students and faculty live in a three-story Victorian house owned by UGA and located in the heart of the city of Oxford. Founded in 1987, the UGA at Oxford program began as a summer option and expanded to include spring in 1994. With the purchase of the house in 1999, the program became available throughout the academic year.
In 2019, the Association of American Medical Colleges ranked UGA 11th in the U.S. among undergraduate institutions supplying white applicants to medical school, 14th for the most African American applicants, 30th for the most Asian applicants, and 32nd for the most Hispanic and Latino American applicants.
The University of Georgia School of Public and International Affairs was ranked 4th in the nation, while the Public Management Administration program was ranked 1st by U.S. News & World Report in 2019. The Academic Ranking of World Universities has ranked the school 7th in the world.
The University of Georgia ranks fifth in the entire nation in terms of number of Congressional staffers produced out of undergraduate universities.
In 2019, Businessweek named the executive MBA program in the university's Terry College of Business 14th in the nation.
In the 2020 ranking, the School of Environment and Design was ranked 1st among programs for undergraduates in the nation.
The College of Veterinary Medicine was ranked 10th in the nation, and College of Pharmacy was ranked 25th in the nation, in the 2019 edition of U.S. News & World Report rankings. Two UGA pharmacy students were selected for the U.S. Navy's Health Services Collegiate Program Medical Service Corps, a selective program that accepted only five recipients from applicants across the country.
In November 2018, the University of Georgia launched a number of research initiatives funded by a $3 million NSF grant, including a project to transform the school's science education. The University also added a new Interdisciplinary Science, Technology, Engineering, Math (I-STEM) building that opened in 2021.
In addition, Georgia has research centers and institutes that include the following among many others.
Founded in fall 2002, the institute is responsible for supporting campus-wide bioinformatics research at UGA. Institute members conduct bioinformatics research in a wide range of areas, ranging from structural genomics and bioinformatics, plant genomics, microbial genomics, biomedical and cancer bioinformatics and computational and statistical sciences for bioinformatics.[citation needed]
Sapelo Island, off the Georgia coast, is home to the University of Georgia Marine Institute, a nearshore ecological and geological research institute. The mission of the institute is to support and conduct research on coastal processes involving the unique ecosystems of coastlines.
In 2012, UGA acquired the Skidaway Institute of Oceanography (SkIO), the marine science research institute that was founded in 1968, to join the University of Georgia Marine Institute that was founded in 1953.
The arboretum was established in 1987, with plant development and selection starting in 1991. It consists of stream-side forest and wetland, and is dedicated to native plant species of the Georgia coastal plain.
The arboretum contains pine woods, a native azalea collection, and approximately 280 taxa of native trees, shrubs, and herbaceous plants. It is one of several institutions active in efforts to conserve the endangered Torreya taxifolia. The arboretum director is John M. Ruter, professor of horticulture at the university's Tifton campus.
The 56-acre UGA Health Sciences Campus has an extensive landscaped green space with more than 400 trees and many historic buildings. The nearly 63,000 square-feet of building space on the new Health Sciences Campus include large and small classrooms, rooms for small group and clinical skills teaching, lab space for gross anatomy, pathology, histology, etc., a medical library, and faculty offices. The medical program administration is housed in Winnie Davis Hall which was built in 1902.
The 2013 SEC Academic Symposium, an academic conference-type event intended to address a scholarly issue in an area of strength represented by all SEC universities, was organized and led by the University of Georgia and the UGA Bioenergy Systems Research Institute in Atlanta, Georgia. The topic of the Symposium was titled, the "Impact of the Southeast in the World's Renewable Energy Future."
In 2007, the Odum School of Ecology became the first-stand alone college or school within a university dedicated to the study of ecology and environmental science. The school was named after UGA professor and ecologist, Eugene Odum, who pioneered the modern study of ecology.
The university and Athens-Clarke County established a bicycle master plan to improve the mobility of students on campus while remaining environmentally consciousness.
In 2009 the University of Georgia earned LEED certification from the U.S. Green Building Council with high marks for the expansion of the Tate Student Center. The renovated Tate Student Center became the sixth building on a university campus in the state of Georgia to be certified at the gold level and the second to be so designated in Athens. In 2012, Building 1516, a University housing complex constructed in 2010, became the first LEED-certified housing complex at the University of Georgia.
In 2012, the College of Environmental Design's Visual Arts Building (now known as the Jackson Street Building) after a $9.9 million renovation became the first UGA building to incorporate a water reclamation system and the first to utilize solar harvesting technology through solar panels.
In 2013 the university hosted the inaugural SEC Symposium in Atlanta. The topic is the Southeast's impact on the future of renewable energy, and the participants are the 14 universities of the SEC, as supported by its new academic initiative, SECU.
The Center for Computational Quantum Chemistry (CCQC) is a research center in the department of Chemistry. Professor Henry Schaefer founded the center in 1987. Research at the CCQC employs computational chemistry to elucidate and/or correlate many areas of chemical research.
Housing at the university is managed by the Department of University Housing. Student on-campus housing is divided into several communities: Brumby, Russell, Creswell, Hill, Myers, Reed, and the East Campus Village.
The Myers community consists of four buildings in a quad located on South Campus. They are the coed residence halls Myers, Rutherford, and Mary Lyndon, along with Soule Hall which is reserved for female students. The Reed community is made up of four coed residence halls in North and Central Campus: Morris, Payne, Reed, and Building 1516. The East Campus Village consists of the apartment-style coed residences: Busbee, McWhorter, Rooker, and Vandiver.
The first Greek letter fraternity to charter at the university was Sigma Alpha Epsilon in 1865, and the first sorority was Phi Mu in 1921. There are 17 sororities from the Panhellenic Council, 26 North American Interfraternity Conference fraternities, and 8 National Pan-Hellenic Council fraternities and sororities.  In 2019, 20% of undergraduate men and 31% of undergraduate women were active members in UGA's Greek system.
In the fall semester of 1997, six women started an Asian interest sorority at UGA, Alpha Sigma Rho, which would become the first in the state of Georgia.
Executives of the University of Georgia's Student Government Association (SGA) make up the Student Advisory Council, which is composed of Student Government Presidents from every public college or university within the University System of Georgia. The Student Advisory Council is organized to advise the Georgia Board of Regents, through the Chancellor, on issues that are important to students.
R&B-TV is the photos and videos division of The Red & Black. R&B-TV publishes various videos relating to the University of Georgia and the community at large.
Launched in 2011, Ampersand Magazine is a UGA monthly publication catered to Athens residents. The magazine is a subsidized by The Red and Black.
PreMed Magazine is a student organization that aims to help pre-medical students at the University of Georgia achieve success in the medical field. This club is open for students of all majors and concentrations. Topics range from student achievement in medicine and health science to recent innovations in biomedical sciences.
The university also hosts several non-varsity sports, including wrestling, men's soccer, crew, ultimate frisbee, rugby, lacrosse, ice hockey, and sailing. Georgia's men's lacrosse team has won the South Eastern Lacrosse Conference three times, in 1998, 2007, and 2008, and received an automatic bid to the Men's Collegiate Lacrosse Association national tournament, while the women's team earned an at-large bid to the WDIA National Tournament in 2007.
The decision to include crimson red is also thought to be a tribute to the state of Georgia and a reminder of the University's flagship status. Kaolinite, commonly referred to as "Georgia red clay" is commonly found throughout the state, especially in the Red Hills Region. The red color that is so evident in Georgia soils is due primarily to iron oxides.
The University of Georgia is the only major college that buries its mascots within the confines of its stadium.[citation needed] Ugas I, II, III, IV, V, VI, VII and VIII are buried in marble vaults near the main gate in the embankment of the south stands of Sanford Stadium. Epitaphs to the dogs are inscribed in bronze, and before each home game, flowers are placed on their graves.
The Chapel Bell is a historic monument and long-standing tradition of the University of Georgia. The Chapel Bell is located on the historic North Campus. Built in 1832, when Protestant orthodoxy dominated the campus region, the chapel was a center of campus activities. A daily religious service, which students were required to attend, were held there, as were assemblies and commencements. The bell was also rung to mark the beginning and the end of class.
January 27, 1785, is the date the University of Georgia became the first public university to have a charter granted. Each year, January 27 is commemorated to honor UGA's place in the history of American colleges and universities. The tradition began in 2002 and is now celebrated as Founders Week. During Founders Week, a series of celebrations are hosted by various campus departments including the Student Alumni Association and the Student Government Association.
The Emeriti Scholars, a group of retired faculty members especially known for their teaching abilities and continued involvement in the university's academic life, sponsor the Founders Day Lecture. The lecture is held in the UGA Chapel and has become a Founders Day tradition, drawing alumni, students, faculty, esteemed guests and members of the community.
Although "Glory, Glory" is generally thought to be the school's fight song, the official fight song is "Hail to Georgia". The fight song is played by the Georgia Redcoat Marching Band after touchdowns, field goals, and extra points scored by the football team. The Georgia Redcoat Marching Band is a 375-member marching band. First directed in 1905 by R.E. Haughey, the band has only had seven directors.
The "Alma Mater", the official school song of the University of Georgia, is set to the tune of "Annie Lisle", a popular 1857 ballad by H. S. Thompson. The lyrics to "Alma Mater", penned by J.B. Wright, Jr., and Gail Carter Dendy, are unique to UGA. The song is sung at commencement and various official events of the University of Georgia.
Sanford Stadium is the on-campus playing venue for football at the University of Georgia in Athens. The 92,746-seat stadium is the seventh largest stadium in the National Collegiate Athletic Association and has a grass (versus synthetic) field. The stadium is the 8th largest non-racing stadium in the United States and the 14th largest such stadium in the world. The stadium played host to the Olympic medal competition of men's and women's Olympic football (soccer) at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
The Dawg Walk is a Saturday football tradition and celebration at University of Georgia home games when UGA students and fans line up in the Tate Center parking lot to form a tunnel that greets the players and coaches as they enter Sanford Stadium. The team enters the stadium through Gate 10 at Sanford Stadium to the music of the Redcoat Marching Band. The march is often led by the team's costumed mascot Hairy Dawg.
The Dawg Walk is preceded by two show section shows. The Redcoat Sousaphones perform a warm up concert in the Tate Center assembly area, while the Redcoat Drumline performs a drumshow in the parking lot.
A total of nine UGA graduates have received the Pulitzer Prize including Natasha Tretheway, winner of the 2007 Pulitzer Prize in Poetry who was appointed United States Poet Laureate in 2012 and again in 2014. Other notable UGA alumni in print media include Tom Johnson, a former publisher of the Los Angeles Times, Sherrilyn Kenyon, author of over 100 novels and Stuart Woods, a prolific novelist with more than 60 books.
Wings of the Storm is a 1926 American "dog-hero" drama film directed by John G. Blystone and written by Elizabeth Pickett Chevalier, Gordon Rigby, and Dorothy Yost. Released in November 1926 by Fox Film Corporation, the film showcases Thunder the Marvel Dog with support from costars William Russell, Virginia Brown Faire, and Reed Howes.
This article related to an American film of the 1920s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Elk River chemical spill occurred on January 9, 2014 when crude 4-Methylcyclohexanemethanol (MCHM) was released from a Freedom Industries facility into the Elk River, a tributary of the Kanawha River, in Charleston in the U.S. state of West Virginia.
The chemical spill occurred upstream from the principal West Virginia American Water intake and treatment and distribution center. Following the spill, up to 300,000 residents within nine counties in the Charleston, West Virginia metropolitan area were without access to potable water. The areas affected were portions of  Boone, Clay, Jackson, Kanawha, Lincoln, Logan, Putnam, and Roane counties and the Culloden area of Cabell County.
Crude MCHM is a chemical foam used to wash coal and remove impurities that contribute to pollution during combustion. The "do-not-use" advisory for drinking water from West Virginia American Water's system began to be gradually lifted by West Virginia state officials on January 13 based upon "priority zones."
On Tuesday, January 14, the company revealed that the tank, which leaked about 7,500 gallons into the ground by the Elk River, had also contained a mixture of glycol ethers known as PPH, with a similar function as MCHM.
The chemical spill was the third chemical accident to occur in the Kanawha River Valley within the last five years. On June 12, 2014 another spill of containment water occurred at the same site.
Freedom Industries was founded in 1992 by Melody, and Carl L. Kennedy II. On December 31, 2013, Freedom Industries merged with three other companies, Etowah River Terminal, Poca Blending, and Crete Technologies. Gary Southern became president of Freedom Industries on December 10, 2013 and remained president until April 2014 when Chemstream appointed a reorganization officer. The company distributed chemicals used in coal mining.
4-Methylcyclohexanemethanol (MCHM), or more appropriately 4-methylcyclohexylmethanol, is an organic compound with the formula CH3C6H10CH2OH. Classified as an alcohol, it exists as two isomers with similar properties. MCHM is a colorless oil with an odor of licorice.
Crude MCHM is a chemical foaming agent utilized in the processing of coal at coal preparation plants to remove impurities that contribute to pollution during combustion. The chemical washes coal in a process known as "froth flotation," which involves the separation of sand-size particles of coal from the surrounding rock within a tank of water or other solution. MCHM is utilized in about 20 to 25 percent of coal preparation plants in West Virginia.
MCHM is not used in the majority of West Virginia's coal preparation plants, because it is only used to produce coal for metallurgical purposes, a type of coal known as "coking coal"  and most West Virginia plants process coal that is to be used for the generation of electricity.
Diesel fuel was originally used for the froth flotation process, but it was replaced by MCHM because of air emissions regulations.
Glycol ethers are a group of solvents based on alkyl ethers of ethylene glycol commonly used in paints. These solvents typically have a higher boiling point, together with the favorable solvent properties of lower-molecular weight ethers and alcohols.46
DEP air quality inspector Mike Kolb described the scene as "a Band-Aid approach" and stated further that it was "apparent that this was not an event that had just happened." The DEP and the Kanawha County Fire Department had been able to locate the origin of the leak by tracing the smell. At the time of the leak's discovery by the inspectors, the damaged storage tank contained about 30,000 US gallons (110,000 litres; 25,000 imperial gallons) of MCHM.
Freedom Industries refused initial media inquiries following the spill. The company's president, Gary Southern gave a ten-minute news conference the next evening, January 10.
By 1 p.m. on January 10, the sweet-smelling odor was no longer detectable, according to West Virginia National Guard Adjutant, Major General James Hoyer.  On January 11, the chief of DEP's Homeland Security and Emergency Response division, Mike Dorsey, stated that 7,500 US gallons (28,000 litres; 6,200 imperial gallons) of MCHM had spilled into the river, 2,500 US gallons (9,500 litres; 2,100 imperial gallons) more than had previously been estimated.
On January 13, a Kanawha County Circuit Court judge issued a temporary restraining order to preserve evidence at the Freedom Industries' Charleston facility.  The order also prohibited the company from modifying in any manner "any structure, tank, equipment, material or condition of" its facility, except as necessary to stop and clean up the chemical spill.
On January 21, Freedom Industries notified West Virginia Department of Environmental Protection that a second chemical, polyglycol ethers (PPH), was in the leaking tank with the MCHM. The department said that the failure to report accurately the type of materials and the quantities is a violation of state law.
A one-year incident timeline can be found published in the Supporting Information section of a 2014 research paper 
The tank that leaked showed signs that it may have been damaged by water that froze during unusually cold weather.
On January 9, 2015, Governor Tomblin released a report detailing the state's response to the Freedom Industries chemical leak. The report provides chronological detail of each state agency and commission's role in responding to the state of emergency and includes several questionnaires completed by state workers directly involved in the response.
Because of the lack of potable water, Charleston cancelled a convention of mayors and city council members from around the state of West Virginia, which had been scheduled to begin on January 13.
However, according to the Charleston Gazette, a company "whose characteristics are strikingly similar to Freedom Industries," Lexycon LLC, registered as a business with the West Virginia secretary of state about two months after Freedom Industries filed for bankruptcy.  The company is registered at the same addresses and phone numbers as the former Freedom Industries, and is founded by a former Freedom executive.
On January 14, five days after the chemical spill, leaders in both the West Virginia House of Delegates and the West Virginia Senate began investigating the loopholes that allowed the Freedom Industries facility in Charleston not to report the incident earlier. Senator John Unger, chairman of the Joint Legislative Oversight Committee on State Water Resources, proposed amending the current State Water Resources Management Plan.
At the request of Governor Tomblin, DEP Secretary Randy Huffman began examining new methods of regulating similar chemical facilities. DEP is also examining the establishment of an inventory of similar facilities across West Virginia.
On February 10, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, U.S. House of Representatives, held a field hearing in Charleston to investigate the circumstances behind, and the response to, the chemical spill.
Dr. Whelton's team then issued new guidance to the affected homeowners on how to conduct a plumbing system flush.
On January 20, Dr. Whelton, his team, and the WV Clean Water Hub briefed the Governor Tomblin's Director of Communications about citizens not flushing after a press conference at the Capitol building. The number of residents that had not flushed their plumbing systems was unknown to the Governor's office.
Results of the unfunded research team's efforts have been reported by several news outlets, including CBS Evening News with Scott Pelley, local CBS affiliate WOWK, Charleston Daily Mail, West Virginia Water Crisis Blog, New York Times, Mobile Press-Register, local NBC Affiliate WMPI, and The Huffington Post. Their testing continues and focuses on the public health and plumbing system degradation issues associated with contaminated drinking water.
On December 16, 2014, the research team's completed paper regarding the residential tap water contamination in West Virginia was published in Environmental Science & Technology. It identifies specific chemicals found in residential homes and quantifies the level of contamination experienced by affected residents.
This biographical article relating to a Kazakhstani water polo figure is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The genre is a mostly American phenomenon. The term mumblegore has been used for films mixing the mumblecore and horror genres.
Mumblecore films are generally produced with a low budget, which has ranged from several thousand to several million dollars as well as low production values. Filming is done in real places, as opposed to studio sets or sound stages. Many of these films are shot digitally, although Bujalski's films have all been shot on film. Soundtracks tend to be limited, or nonexistent.
Mumblecore films tend to revolve around characters in their twenties and early thirties who are usually single, white, and fairly aimless in both their professional and personal lives. Plots are often concerned with difficulties in romantic relationships, exacerbated by the characters' inability to articulate their own desires.
Films that have been described as influencing, or at least anticipating, the conventions of mumblecore include Girlfriends (1978), Manhattan (1979), Stranger Than Paradise (1984), Sex, Lies, and Videotape (1989), Slacker (1991), Clerks (1994), Go Fish (1994)  and Before Sunrise (1995). Directors cited as influences include Michelangelo Antonioni, Eric Rohmer, Andrei Tarkovsky, Gus Van Sant and John Cassavetes.
Reality television, including what one critic called "the spring-break psychodrama of MTV's The Real World", has also been called an influence on mumblecore, as has the 2001 BBC reality-TV-style mockumentary series The Office.
Another often-cited influence on mumblecore is the profusion of cheaper filmmaking technology starting in the early 2000s, such as the Panasonic AG-DVX100 video camera, and desktop video editing software such as Final Cut Pro.
Andrew Bujalski has been described as the "Godfather of Mumblecore". His 2002 directorial debut, Funny Ha Ha, is generally considered to be the first mumblecore film.
Film journalists have also referred to the genre collectively with the terms "bedhead cinema" and "Slackavetes" (a portmanteau derived from the title of Richard Linklater's dialogue-heavy, lo-fi 1990s film Slacker, and the name of independent film director John Cassavetes).
In 2007, the IFC Center in New York City exhibited a ten-film series of mumblecore films, titled "The New Talkies: Generation D.I.Y."
In 2011, writers Megan Boyle and Tao Lin released their film titled Mumblecore, which in 2021 was shown in the NPC film festival at Cinema Village in New York City.
The big-budget films Magic Mike (2012) and its sequel Magic Mike XXL (2015) have been described as having mumblecore elements due to their use of naturalistic dialogue. Some TV series, including the HBO series Girls (2012), Looking (2014) and Togetherness (2015), and the Netflix series Easy (2017) have been called mumblecore-inspired, or, in the words of one critic, "mumbleshows".
Horror films using mumblecore techniques have resulted in the term "mumblegore." Films that have been described as "mumblegore" include Baghead (2008), The House of the Devil (2009), Entrance (2011), You're Next (2011), V/H/S (2012), The Sacrament (2013), and Creep (2014). Directors associated with mumblegore cinema include Swanberg and Duplass, as well as Adam Wingard, Roxanne Benjamin, Ben Wheatley, the trio Radio Silence, Patrick Brice, Patrick Horvath, and Ti West.
A review of the independent quasi-documentary Bloody Nose, Empty Pockets, in which actors were served real alcohol and filmed interacting in improvised scenes in a recreated dive bar, noted that "the film may be the first-ever in a new 'stumblecore' genre, a risky fusion of indie-mumblecore and on-camera drunkenness."
Work began in 1956 on development of a fully tracked armored personnel carrier (APC) to equip the Japan Ground Self-Defense Force, with two prototypes being completed by Komatsu (the SU-I) and by Mitsubishi (the SU-II) in 1957. These two prototypes were evaluated against the American M59. They were followed by a second series of 11 prototypes, including both APCs and carriers for 81-mm and 107-mm mortars, with a third series of four prototypes being completed and tested in 1959.
Initial production orders were placed in 1959, and the type was standardised in 1960 as the Type 60 Armored Personnel Carrier. About 430 were built.
The Type 60 was superseded by the Type 73 Armored Personnel Carrier from 1974, but only 225 Type 73s were built, and the Type 60 continued in large scale use until the 2000s. Roles included training, with several Type 60s being modified to visually resemble the Soviet BMD-1 airborne infantry fighting vehicles. 303 Type 60s were listed as in service in 1998, with 33 remaining in service in 2005, but none were listed as in service in 2006.
It is noteworthy that this year's awards will be replaced by special merit awards and no awards will be given in the categories of screenwriting, editing, music direction and art direction. The film Getawarayo won the most awards with eight including Best Film.
The brush mouse can be found from northern California to eastern Colorado and western Texas, and south to Baja California and southern Mexico. Fossils of brush mice up to 35,000 years old have been discovered, but none have been definitively identified from outside the current range of the species.
In southern California, brush mice were captured on leaf mold in an oak hardwood association of coast live oak, white alder (Alnus rhombifolia), whiteflower currant, and sumac (Rhus spp.). They were also trapped under logs and dense vegetation and on wet seepage slopes next to a creek. In coastal California, brush mice were captured primarily under coast live oak, false-willow (Baccharis douglasii), California buckeye, and California bay.
New Mexico habitats are characterized by rabbitbrush (Chrysothamnus spp.), Apache plume (Fallugia paradoxa), fourwing saltbrush, common hoptree and crispleaf buckwheat (Eriogonum corymbosum) in addition to a pinyon-juniper-mountain-mahogany (Pinus-Juniperus-Cercocarpus spp.) overstory. Texas plant associates include Pinchot juniper (Juniperus pinchotii), algerita (Mahonia trifoliolata), clapweed (Ephedra antisyphilitica), featherplume (Dalea formosa), and prickly-pear (Opuntia spp.).
Brush mice are nocturnal. Brush mice appear to limit activity during cooler months in the Sierra Nevada of California, although they are not known to hibernate or enter torpor. In southern areas, such as Arizona, Texas, and northern Mexico, brush mice are active year-round.
Brush mice have a promiscuous mating system. Four of seven litters in a California study were fathered by several males. Males and females did not share nests, and mating pairs did not remain together for long periods of time.
Few Peromyscus spp. mice live longer than six months in the wild, but individuals may live up to five years in captivity.
Brush mice are semiarboreal and can be found foraging in shrubs and trees for leaves and fruits. Females were captured more often than males foraging in canyon live oaks (Q. chrysolepis). The individuals with the longest tails appear to spend more time climbing than those with shorter tails.
Brush mice have been observed caching pinyon pine seeds. This observation suggests the brush mouse may play a role in seed dispersal for some plant species.
Klein was born in Jerusalem, Israel, to an Ashkenazi Jewish family. She was raised in a right-wing Likud-voting household. Klein was serving as a soldier in the Israel Defense Forces during her participation in the Miss Israel pageant.
Sivan Klein joined the Miss Israel pageant ("Israel's Beauty Queen") in 2003, in which she won the most-coveted title Israel's Beauty Queen, replacing last year's winner Yamit Har-Noy. She won the rights to represent Israel at the Miss Universe 2003 pageant in Panama.
Sivan Klein flew to Panama for the Miss Universe 2003 pageant. She was a favourite to make it into the Top 15. However, she did not make the cut. She was 19 years old when she represented Israel in this pageant.
This biography article about an Asian contestant in a beauty pageant is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Fogasavai'i is a village on the island of Savai'i in Samoa. It is situated on the south coast of the island in the district of Satupa'itea and the electoral district of Salega 2. The population is 354.
This article about a geographical location in Samoa is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Upon the conviction of former New York State Senator Thomas W. Libous, Fiala announced her candidacy for the vacated senate seat. She launched her campaign for the November 2015 special election in July promising to bring jobs to the Southern Tier. Fiala said, "The one major issue here in the Southern Tier is jobs, good-paying jobs."
This article about a politician from the state of New York is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Then 30 April 1956 the line via Dromore to Banbridge and Newcastle, County Down was closed under the auspices of the Ulster Transport Authority.
Glyphoturris quadrata, common name the square glyph-turrid, is a species of small carnivorous sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
The subspecies Glyphoturris quadrata rugirima (Dall, 1889) is a synonym of Glyphoturris rugirima (Dall, 1889)
G. quadrata can be found in Atlantic waters, ranging from the eastern coast of Florida and the Gulf of Mexico, south to Brazil, and also surrounding Bermuda.; in the Gulf of Mexico, the Caribbean Sea and the Lesser Antilles.
The shell is strongly biangulated on the body whorl. The ribs are distant and conspicuous. The revolving sculpture is fine and close. The color of the shell is whitish or yellowish. The interstices of the ribs often are chestnut-colored.
Glyphoturris diminuta was previously thought to differ from Glyphoturris quadrata (Reeve, 1845) in the greater strength of the sculpture. The aperture and the columella are white.
This is a list of accidents and incidents involving the Bristol Freighter, a twin-engined transport aircraft used as both a freighter and airliner as well as a troop transport and car ferry.
Sixty-eight of the 214 Freighters built were destroyed or damaged beyond economical repair in accidents. At least 45 of these were fatal, resulting in the deaths of at least 385 passengers and crew.
Horridovalva tenuiella is a moth of the family Gelechiidae. It was described by Sattler in 1967. It is found in Algeria.
This article on a moth of the subfamily Anomologinae is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
A species described in 2009, Maotherium asiaticus, sheds light on the evolution of the mammalian middle ear.  In modern mammals, the Meckel's cartilage appears during development but disappears before adulthood.  In Maotherium asiaticus, that cartilage not only remained, but turned into bone. This event in evolution may be an example of heterochrony, a change in the timing of development.
The Thunder Machine is a fictional, four wheeled, armored, weaponized vehicle used by the Dreadnoks, a biker gang/mercenary group in the G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero comic books and cartoon series. The Dreadnoks work for Cobra, the primary enemy for G.I. Joe.
As a toy, it was available for purchase in 1986, complete with the action figure of the Thrasher. It featured belt-fed synchronized "Penetrator" Gatling guns, and had room for a driver, passenger, and eight people standing on the running boards.
In 1993, it was recast, and released as the "Beast Blaster", as part of the Street Fighter II toy line, also produced by Hasbro at the time. It was also released in Venezuela, in slightly different colors.
In issue #69, Thrasher, Monkeywrench and Zarana were in it as it was driven out a besieged Cobra base called a Terror Drome situated in the fictional war-torn country of Sierra Gordo. It was driven to a large airfield and abandoned when the Dreadnoks took over a G.I.Joe transport plane.
In issue #76, Thrasher, his vehicle and other Dreadnoks are captured after a brief firefight with the G.I.Joe team. During the shooting, Thrasher says "I got a brand new Thunder Machine and it ain't even warmed up yet!".
The Dreadnoks and the Thunder Machine are featured in issue #79. Despite explicit orders to lay low, the Dreadnoks decide to attack a military convoy on the streets of New Jersey. This version was totalled by Cross Country driving the H.A.V.O.C., with the assistance of the K-9 teams Law and Order and Mutt and Junkyard. 
The vehicle stayed with the Dreadnoks over the intervening seven years that Cobra was thought to be inoperative. It is used early on by Zanya, daughter of Zartan, as her personal conveyance. She drives it away from Dreadnok headquarters a short time before it comes under siege by Joe forces. The Machine ends up involved in the fight anyway, it was knocked into the swamp by Wild Bill.
Later, it is seen being loaded on a supply plane. The Dreadnoks were helping to rescue Cobra Commander from a new army led by Serpentor, who had established themselves on Cobra Island.
In IDW's continuation of the original Larry Hama storyline, the Thunder Machine is seen being upgraded in an abandoned gas station in the New Jersey Pine Barrens.  Later it is used as an escape vehicle by an assortment of fighters temporarily opposed to Cobra Commander's plans. One of the opposition group is Zartan, who convinced the Dreadnoks to assist. 
The Thunder Machine debuted in the five part mini-series "Arise, Serpentor, Arise". Thrasher uses it to pursue Joe forces in an ultimately successful attempt audition for membership in the Dreadnoks.
The Thunder Machine is also featured in a puzzle image from Milton Bradley, with art by Dave Dorman.
The Thunder Machine toy is briefly featured in the fiction novel 6 Sick Hipsters. In the story, the character Paul Achting spent four years collecting G.I. Joe figures to set up a battle scene between the Joes and Cobra. As he imagined the characters in his head, he described the Thunder Machine as "a red and black behemoth that was as postapocalyptic as Mad Max himself".
The Thunder Machine was pictured in a September 1986 issue of 'Mother Jones' magazine, in an article about the television industry's relation to toys.
Geographically, this region centres around a fertile plateau, which has been an agricultural region since the Neolithic. It forms a watershed between the Meuse and Scheldt drainage basins. While in modern times "Hesbaye" and "Haspengouw" are geographical terms which are used for example in tourism and agriculture, and do not have the geo-political importance that they had in Late Antiquity or the early Middle Ages.
In the earliest records, the Germanic element "gau" was not included as part of the name, and the typical Latin spelling is Hasbania. Occasionally the name is in an adjectival form indicating "(of the) Hasbanien(s)" (Hasbaniensis). Later come forms with the "gau" element such as Haspengewe in 966 and Haspengouue in 982, similar to the modern Dutch word for the area, "Haspengouw".
According to some proposals, the name may once have applied to a much smaller area, for example, the area near Overhespen and Neerhespen, both now in Linter. Toorians has proposed that such place-names might derive from villas owned by Roman era land owners with the Gaulish name Casibennos.
In the 4th century, the Salian Franks were permitted to settle by the Roman emperor Julian the Apostate, just north of the Hesbaye in Texandria. He met them in Tongeren, the Roman capital of the Civitas Tungrorum, which is today a part of the Dutch-speaking part of the Hesbaye (or Haspengouw). During the following centuries, the southern more-Romanized population sent missionaries north to convert the Franks to Christianity.
The Franks, for their part, contributed heavily to the Roman military, and according to Gregory of Tours, they established small kingdoms in each of the old Roman civitates.
The Hesbaye became a particularly important region for the Frankish aristocracy and clergy, straddling the northernmost stretch of the medieval Germanic-Romance language border in Europe. Nobility associated with the area had numerous relations with the major family dynasties of the medieval Franks.
In the 9th century, there appear to have been several leaders in the Hesbaye. Count Ekkebard was reported to be one of the leaders of the pagus of Hesbaye in 834 who tried to negotiate the release of Emperor Louis the Pious. (Possibly the same person as Count Etkard who was killed, and had two sons captured, at the siege of Toulouse against Pepin II, King of Aquitaine.)
Traditionally, the 10th-century Count Rudolf, discussed below, is seen as a grandson of Reginar I, and younger brother of Reginar III.
The Treaty of Meersen of 8 August 870 gave a relatively detailed description of Lotharingian territories, in dividing them between Louis the German, King of East Francia, and his half-brother Charles the Bald, King of the West Franks.
Vanderkindere proposed a large "northwestern" county of Louvain already existing in 870, stretching as far east as Diest, and all within the original pagus of Hasbania named in the Treaty of Meerssen. Verhelst and Baerten agreed that there probably was such a western county in 870, though not necessarily already named "Louvain", and smaller, not including Diest and Zoutleeuw.
However, neither Baerten nor Verhelst list it as one of the 4 likely 870 counties, believing it only came into existence after 870. Verhelst argued explicitly that it was a newer creation that split out of the older western county in the 10th century. Baerten (1965a) argued that at least the part around Jodoigne had been part of the central county of Avernas.
There are only a small number of mentions of a smaller county named after the greater pagus or gau of Hasbania:
Also, the city of Maastricht, which is at the point where the Geer enters the Meuse, was also referred to sometimes as being in a county of Hasbania. See below.
The northeastern county in 870, according to Baerten and Verhelst, was the one called "Huste" or "Hufte" in the mid-10th century, when it was under the jurisdiction of a Count Rudolf, who apparently also had jurisdiction over Avernas and at least part of the Maasland or Maasau.
This county is the apparent predecessor of the later County of Loon, because like that 11th-century county, its jurisdiction apparently united places near both Borgloon and Maaseik, which is in a different pagus, the Masau.
To support this conclusion, Baerten emphasized that a Sint-Truiden land transaction (now dated between 927 and 964 and probably around 950) distinguished several places in the small area between Sint-Truiden and Borgloon as being in the two different counties:
Baerten noted that the two groups are close, but separated by the old medieval deanery boundaries of Sint-Truiden and Tongeren, and in the 11th century probably also the boundaries between the counties of Duras and Loon probably ran in a similar way.
Huste appears to have been a geographical area that included Maaseik on the river Meuse (Dutch: Maas).
Furthermore, this Count Rudolf is traditionally seen as a grandson of Reginar I, and younger brother of Reginar III who was banished to Bohemia in 958. Vanderkindere, Baerten, and others accept this identification. To support it, they note that like Reginar III, a Rudolf in this area was accused of infidelity to the king:
This Count Werner thus appears to have been a count of the count of "Huste" or "Hufte". Hlawitschka has identified him as a probable member of the Matfrieder family. He died in 973 with his brother, fighting members of the Reginar family. It is not clear who replaced him in Hasbania, but in Hainaut, where he died, his probable relative Count Godfrey "the captive" took control in subsequent years.
Another difference between Baerten and Verhelst, as mentioned above, is that the "Brunengeruz" area around Hoegaarden the Great Gete was originally part of the western county according to Verhelst, whereas Baerten felt Jodoigne at least had originally been part of Avernas.
The only Count clearly named in the Hesbaye after Werner was named Eremfried, whose family connections are unclear. His county included Velm, very close to Sint-Truiden, Kerkom, Muizen and Buvingen, and he appears to have had a close connection to a family in the Ardennes which used the name Rudolf:
Both names, Eremfridus and Rodulfus, had appeared earlier as witnesses in the grant by Bertha, the mother of Count Arnulf of Valenciennes, of land in Brustem (near Sint-Truiden) to Sint-Truiden Abbey in 967.
In contrast, Baerten described the hinterland of Maastricht, between it and Tongeren, as part of the "district" of Maastricht, which is separately named in the treaty of 870, and therefore not one of the four counties of Hasbania.
In 1078, a grant to the bishop was made by a widow named Ermengarde. It included properties at not only the important Loon towns of Borgloon and Kuringen, but also closer to St Truiden, and even to the north, outside the Hesbaye. It has been suggested that in order to explain this she must have been married to Count Arnulf, but had no children with him.
In Vanderkindere's "southeast", the county of Moha existed between the Meuse and its tributary the Mehaigne. It was an allod that was sometimes referred to as a county because it was under the lordship of the counts of the Etichonid family who were Counts of Eguisheim and Dagsburg.
Grez-Doiceau, in Wallonia just between Louvain and Wavre, was also the site of a little-known county in the 11th century. Counts Werner of Grez and his brother Henry of Grez are known from several records and accompanied Godfrey of Bouillon to Jerusalem.
In 1036 and 1078, a County of Dongelberg is referred to. It contained Incourt and its neighbouring hamlet Brombais. Incourt is just south of Dongelberg, which is just south of Jodoigne. As with Steppes, Vanderkindere believed this was never a real county, but an area of jurisdiction under the Bishop, conveniently referred to this way.
The Kansas City Journal-Post was a newspaper in Kansas City, Missouri, from 1854 to 1942. It was the oldest newspaper in the city when it went out of business.
It started as a weekly, The Kansas City Enterprise, on September 23, 1854, a year after the city's founding and shortly after The Public Ledger went out of business.  Kansas City's first mayor, William S. Gregory, and future mayors Milton J. Payne and E. Milton McGee, along with city fathers William Gillis, Benoist Troost, Thompson McDaniel, Robert Campbell and Kansas City's first bank and biggest store, Northrup and Chick, pooled $1,000 to start it.
William A. Strong was its first editor, and David K. Abeel the first publisher.  It operated above a tavern at Main Street and the Missouri River in the River Market neighborhood.
In 1855, Strong enlisted another future mayor, Robert T. Van Horn, to take over the paper.  Van Horn bought it for $250 and retained Abeel as publisher.
In 1857 it became The Western Journal of Commerce, and in 1858 it became The Kansas City Daily Western Journal of Commerce.
Before the American Civil War the paper espoused the popular Missouri view that the status quo should be maintained, that Missouri should remain in the Union and remain a slave state.  When the war began, Van Horn enlisted in the Union Army, and the paper became staunchly Republican.
The paper encouraged city officials to persuade the Hannibal and St. Joseph Railroad to build the first bridge across the Missouri River at Kansas City.
In 1880 William Rockhill Nelson started The Kansas City Star, which became The Journal-Post's primary competitor.
In 1896 Van Horn sold the paper to Charles S. Gleed and Hal Gaylord, who renamed it The Kansas City Journal.
In 1909 Denver Post publisher Frederick Gilmer Bonfils and Harry Tammen bought The Post, with J. Ogden Armour as a silent partner. The Post, with its tabloid format, red headlines and yellow journalism was linked to the rise of the Tom Pendergast political machine.
In 1921 Walter Dickey bought The Journal. He bought The Post in 1922 and combined their operations at 22nd and Oak.  Dickey invested in the papers so as to compete with The Star, ultimately bankrupting his own lucrative clay-pipe manufacturing company.  The papers combined as The Kansas City Journal-Post on October 4, 1928.
The paper's last publication was on March 31, 1942.  It had been the last daily competition to The Star.
In 2006, the Macoun Marsh team won international recognition in the Volvo Adventure. The Volvo Adventure is an environmental award connected to the United Nations Environmental Program.
The marsh name honours Canadian naturalist John Macoun, and was chosen by the students of Educarium.
In 2009, the Macoun Marsh team built connections with international youth groups to create the Second International Youth Symposium for Biodiversity. This event brought youth from Barbados, Canada, Honduras, India, Japan, Mexico, and the United States together to share their biodiversity projects.  This event was held in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.  They also began work on a Youth Accord (first written in 2005 in Mexico) to present in Japan for the International Year of Biodiversity in 2010.
James Kent Hamilton was born in Milan, Erie County, Ohio, May 17, 1839. He was the son of Thomas and Sarah O. (Standart) Hamilton. His father was a merchant and shipper, and served as a Whig in the Ohio Senate. James graduated from Milan schools, and from Kenyon College in 1859. He studied law in Mount Vernon, Milan, and Toledo, Ohio, and was admitted to the bar in 1862. He served as a captain in the 113th Ohio Infantry until the end of the American Civil War.
Hamilton resumed the practice of law in Toledo after the war, and was prosecuting attorney of Lucas County in 1869. He was elected mayor of Toledo in 1887 and 1889, serving four years.
Hamilton was married October 13, 1876 to Sibyl Williams, who died in 1877. He married July 27, 1898 to Ethel B. Allen. He was a member of the Methodist Episcopal Church.
With the construction of the Chandil Dam as a part of the Subarnarekha Multpurpose project, the traffic between Chandil and Tiruldih was diverted to a newly constructed line via Haslang & Bakarkudi in 1990 as the older route via Pakridih & Ichhadih became submerged in the dam waters.
He was born in Ste-Marie de Buctouche, New Brunswick, and educated at St. Joseph's College in Memramcook. He taught school briefly in Sainte-Marie-de-Kent before becoming a general merchant in Buctouche in 1870. In 1872, he married Sophia Baker. Girouard resigned his seat in 1883 to accept the position of customs collector for Richibucto. He died of tuberculosis in Buctouche at the age of 38.
Death Party is an EP by punk blues group The Gun Club, released in 1983. It is the only official release of the Jim Duckworth and Dee Pop line up of the band which existed for about eight months. 
A scheduled recording session for Tex & the Horseheads, the band Jeffrey Lee Pierce had put together around his girlfriend Linda/Texacala Jones was going to go unused. So the Gun Club filled the booking and recorded the Death Party EP with a bassist called Jimmy Joe Uliana who was a friend of Dee Pop's. Patricia Morrison was the bassist but didn't play on the EP because of the recording session's spur of the moment nature.
Death Party was produced by Chris Stein, although he came to the sessions after most of the recordings were completed. 
Brodie Matthew Brazil (born April 3, 1981) is an American television broadcaster who has won 13 Regional Emmy Awards and nominated for 32.
Brazil is the older brother of Darren Brazil, a Bay Area Regional Emmy Award winning editor, producer and videographer.  He is married to Amanda "Blackwell" Brazil.
Since 2003, Brazil has been nominated 32 times and has won 13 Regional Emmy Awards for his work with KTVU/KICU-TV and NBC Sports Bay Area.
Shipbroking is a financial service, which forms part of the global shipping industry. Shipbrokers are specialist intermediaries/negotiators (i.e. brokers) between shipowners and charterers who use ships to transport cargo, or between buyers and sellers of vessels.
Some brokerage firms have developed into large companies, incorporating departments specialising in shipping's various sectors, e.g. Dry Cargo Chartering, Tanker Chartering, Container Chartering, Sale & Purchase, Demolition, Futures and Research; other "boutique" shipbroking firms concentrate on specific sectors of the shipping market.
The principal shipping and shipbroking centres worldwide are London, New York City, Singapore, and Tokyo, as well as where many shipowners are based such as Oslo and Athens. Other places continue to develop in international shipping services, such as Hong Kong and Shanghai, Delhi and Mumbai, Copenhagen, Geneva, Genoa, Hamburg and Paris in Europe; and in North America, Connecticut, Houston, and Montreal are important shipbroking centres.
Until the late 20th century, it was commonplace for shipbrokers to cover more than one discipline, although nowadays the vast majority of shipbrokers specialize in a specific sector. Like many financial services, historically shipbroking grew out of the City coffee houses, becoming established at the Baltic Exchange; among its most famous members being Ernest Simpson, ex-husband of The Duchess of Windsor (died 1972), and Alderman the Lord Mountevans.
The Institute of Chartered Shipbrokers sets educational standards throughout the industry worldwide, whose Fellows are accorded the privilege of using the post-nominal letters FICS.
Tanker brokers specialize in the chartering of tankers, which requires a different set of skills, knowledge and contacts from dry cargo broking. Tanker brokers may specialize in crude oil, gas, oil products or chemical tankers. Tanker brokers similarly negotiate maritime contracts, known as charter parties. The main terms of negotiation are freight/hire and demurrage.
Oil being a fast moving trade, freight rates for crude oil tanker charters are most commonly based on the Worldscale Index; the Worldscale Association publishes flat rates annually.
For some specific voyages, such as named voyages (i.e. from A to B) and for specialist ships, like LNG tankers (a highly specialized sector of the tanker market), freight rates can be agreed on a lumpsum (or dollar per ton) fixed rate between both parties.
Container brokers specialize in the chartering of container ships and provide container shipowners and charterers with market-related information and opportunities.
Whilton Locks is the name of a flight of seven locks on the Grand Union Canal near Daventry, in the county of Northamptonshire, England. They are also referred to as Buckby Lock Flight.
Father Chevalier claimed a Marian apparition and titled it as Our Lady of the Sacred Heart. The image was crowned by Pope Pius IX in 1869 and her sanctuary raised to the status of minor Basilica in 1874.
Born in Richelieu, France, he was initially apprenticed as a shoemaker at age 12 after he was told his parents could not afford to send him to the seminary.  He was later able to join the seminary, after his father's boss sponsored him and at the age of 30 was sent to the parish of Issoudun. In 1854 he founded the religious institute of the Missionaries of the Sacred Heart, and in 1874 the Daughters of Our Lady of the Sacred Heart.
Next season she was Sylvia in Cymon, Hermia in Midsummer Night's Dream, Imogen, Cora in Columbus, and on 12 March 1816, the first Lucy Bertram in Daniel Terry's adaptation of Guy Mannering. Among original parts in lesser works in the next season stands out Diana Vernon in Isaac Pocock's Rob Roy Macgregor. She also played Cowslip in the Agreeable Surprise.
High as was the reputation Stephens made in opera, it was still higher as a concert singer. She sang with John Duruset in Dublin in July 1821 and again in 1825; and in Edinburgh in 1814. She also visited Liverpool and other places. Until her retirement in 1835 she starred at concerts and festivals.
On 19 April 1838, Stephens married, at 9 Belgrave Square, George Capel-Coningsby, 5th Earl of Essex, an octogenarian widower, who died on 23 April 1839. As Countess of Essex, she survived him forty-three years, taking an interest in theatrical matters. She died of bronchitis on 22 February 1882 in the house in which she was married, and was buried at Kensal Green Cemetery.
Brantt Robert Myhres (born March 18, 1974) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey winger. He was drafted by the Tampa Bay Lightning in the fifth round, 97th overall in the 1992 NHL Entry Draft.
Myhres played for the Tampa Bay Lightning, Philadelphia Flyers, San Jose Sharks, Nashville Predators, Washington Capitals, and Boston Bruins. He was suspended four times by the NHL for failing drug tests and was eventually banned from the league for life.  After becoming clean and sober and studying substance abuse behavioral health at Mount Royal University in Calgary, Myhres was hired by the Los Angeles Kings in September 2015 as the team's player assistance director.
This biographical article relating to a Canadian ice hockey winger born in the 1970s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Bruckmann was the younger son of the publisher Friedrich Bruckmann. After his father's death in 1898 Hugo and his brother Alphons became the owners of F. Bruckmann KAG in Munich. Bruckmann and his wife Elsa Bruckmann were among the early and highly influential promoters of Adolf Hitler, and they helped him with gaining access to, and acceptance within, upper-class circles in Munich.
After the outbreak of World War II Bruckmann was, because of personal connections, able to have his publishing house declared of special importance for the war effort. After his death in 1941 he was honored with a state funeral.
KLEO (106.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a hot adult contemporary format simulcasting co-owned KKBG from Hilo. Licensed to Kahaluu, Hawaii, United States.  The station is currently owned by Pacific Radio Group, Inc.
The Romanian Embassy in Washington, D.C. is the main diplomatic mission of Romania to the United States of America.  It is located at 1607 23rd Street, Northwest, Washington, D.C. 20008.
Both reception rooms on the first floor, although very different, are influenced by French tradition. Two Ionic columns frame the door of the small meeting room on the left, which displays a Louis XV influence. White boiserie has Rococo shell-motif decorations, while over door paintings depict rustic scenes in the manner of Fragonard.
On the opposite side of the waiting room, the ballroom displays elements of late Louis XV and early Louis XVI style. A handsome crystal Art Nouveau chandelier is reflected by symmetrical mirrors placed on three of the walls. Other focal points of the room are a magnificent Louis-Philippe commode, as well as a white marble fireplace and sculptures by Marcel Guguianu.
The first occupant of the house was Navy Colonel Robert Means Thompson, an ardent supporter of the Navy League of the United States, who served several years as its president. When he left the house in 1921, Frank Ellis sold it to the Romanian Government represented by the Minister of the Legation, Prince Antoine Bibesco.
Three Spartans were selected for the 1968 All-Big Ten Conference football teams. Defensive back Al Brenner was selected as a first-team player by both the Associated Press (AP) and the United Press International (UPI).  Tackle Charles Bailey received first-team honors from the AP, and linebacker Rich Saul received second-team honors from both the AP and UPI.
After defeating Michigan State, the Wolverines were ranked #17 in the weekly AP poll.  It was the first time since early in the 1966 season that Michigan had been ranked.
Jerome P. "Dee" Richard (born March 27, 1955), is, as of April 2019, one of four Independent members of the Louisiana House of Representatives. A native and resident of Thibodaux, Richard has since 2008 represented District 55, which encompasses Lafourche Parish, Louisiana.
Richard served two stints as a Democrat on the Lafourche Parish School Board, from 1982 to 1984 and again from 1986 to 1994.[self-published source] In 1998, while still a Democrat, Richard was elected to the at-large seat on the Thibodaux City Council. He polled 2,511 votes (61.1 percent) to defeat another Democrat, Stella Chiasson Lasseigne, who received 1,601 votes (38.9 percent).
In announcing his campaign for a second term in the House in 2011, Richard cited his chief accomplishments as support for higher educational institutions in Acadiana, protection of the coastal wetlands, and reducing the size of state government.
"I have maintained my independence and have not been afraid to go against the 'powers-that-be' in state government, especially when it came to voting against the legislative pay raise. I was so dead set against the pay raise that I actually signed an affidavit declining the increase in the event the legislation was eventually signed into law by the governor," said Richard.
Richard was handily reelected to the state House in the primary election held on October 22, 2011, when he defeated a restaurant/bar owner from Raceland,[citation needed] the Republican Bobby "Beck" Grabert, 8,123 (78 percent) to 2,286 (22 percent).
Richard is politically conservative and frequently appears on the statewide radio talk show, The Moon Griffon Show, broadcast from Lafayette.
The Italian Socialists (I Socialisti Italiani) was a minor social-democratic political party in Italy.
The party was founded on 7 February 2006 as the result of a split from the New Italian Socialist Party (NPSI) by the wing favourable to a political alliance with The Union on the centre-left, and an immediate discontinuance of ties with the centre-right House of Freedoms. The party was originally led by Bobo Craxi, son of the late Bettino Craxi, former leader of the Italian Socialist Party and former Prime Minister of Italy.
In July 2007, the party decided to merge into the modern-day Italian Socialist Party (PSI), which was launched on 5 October 2007, but, in July 2008, Zavettieri left that party and re-organised The Italian Socialists. In October 2009 also Craxi left the PSI, paving the way for a new party with Zavettieri into which The Italian Socialists were finally merged, the United Socialists.
Wesley Ryan Harris (born September 22, 1986) is a Democratic member of the North Carolina General Assembly representing the State's 105th House district.
Harris won the election on November 6,  2018 from the platform of Democratic Party. He secured fifty-two percent of the vote while his closest rival Republican Scott Stone secured forty-eight percent.
This biographical article relating to an American baseball outfielder born in the 1900s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Walter Vaughan (died 1598), of Golden Grove, Carmarthenshire, was a Member of Parliament for Carmarthenshire in 1572 and 1593, and Mayor of Carmarthen 1574, 1580 and 1597.
This article about a Member of the Parliament of England (before 1707) representing a Welsh constituency is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Aderus populneus is a species of ant-like leaf beetle in the family Aderidae. Native to the west Palaearctic (very common in England, it has been introduced in North America. Large eyes, pubescent antennae, 1.5-2mm
The Standard Life Assurance Company of Canada (also known as Standard Life) was an investment, retirement and financial protection company and is now part of Manulife Financial.
Standard Life first established a presence in Canada through John George Irvine, who took an agency in Quebec in 1834. Spencer Campbell Thomson, son of the manager of the Standard Life Assurance Company, visited Canada in 1882 and approved a new Canadian head office in St James Street.
 Wangki Lowang a politician from Bharatiya Janata Party party is a Member of the Member of Legislative Assembly representing Namsang in the Arunachal Pradesh Legislative Assembly since 1999. He was member of Indian National Congress until December 2015. He was one of 21 MLA who broke from Indian National Congress to join People's Party of Arunachal. He became Speakers of the Arunachal Pradesh Legislative Assembly of in February 2016. Alo Libang is his deputy.
In July 2016 he was one of the 30 MLAs of People's Party of Arunachal to defect back to Indian National Congress.
Note: Anastasia Potapova, who entered late and played in the qualifying tournament, would have been seeded 7th if she had entered the tournament prior to the initial entry cutoff date of 3 June 2019.
Haloprogesterone, sold under the brand name Prohalone, is a progestin medication which was previously marketed by Ayerst but is now no longer available.
This article about an association football-related organization is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Open-pit mining began in 1957 and was discontinued in 2001. Since 2009, it has been active as an underground diamond mine.
The Mir mine was the first developed and the largest diamond mine in the Soviet Union. Its surface operation lasted 44 years, finally closing in June 2001. After the collapse of the USSR, in the 1990s, the mine was operated by the Sakha diamond company, which reported annual profits in excess of $600 million[clarification needed] from diamond sales.
The mine was recommissioned in 2009, and is expected to remain operational for 50 more years. The underground Mir mine flooded again in 2017, trapping over 140 miners, all but 8 of whom were rescued. 
The research was widely varied, and included projects devoted to new and more accurate bombs, reliable detonators, work on the proximity fuze, guided missiles, radar and early-warning systems, lighter and more accurate hand weapons, more effective medical treatments, more versatile vehicles, and, the most secret of all, the S-1 Section, which later became the Manhattan Project and developed the first atomic weapons.
From October 1943 to October 1946, OSRD used conscientious objectors from Civilian Public Service as subjects for research of malaria, altitude pressure, life raft rations, high altitude, frostbite, psycho-acoustics, poison gas, ingestion of and exposure to seawater, temperature extremes, climate, physiological hygiene, thiamine, bed rest and aero medicine.
This article about a location in Dunn County, Wisconsin is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Stefan Corbin Burnett is an American rapper, songwriter, and visual artist, better known under his stage name MC Ride. He is the frontman of experimental hip hop group Death Grips.
He began his career in the late 1990s, before forming Death Grips with drummer Zach Hill and keyboardist Andy Morin in 2010. While within the group, Ride has garnered attention for his aggressive rapping style and cryptic lyrics.
Stefan Corbin Burnett hails from Sacramento, California. He studied visual arts at Hampton University in Hampton, Virginia, but dropped out.
Death Grips' next release, the EP Steroids (Crouching Tiger Hidden Gabber Megamix), a single 22-minute mix of eight separate songs, was released in May 2017. The band's sixth studio album, Year of the Snitch, was released in June 2018. In June 2019, Death Grips released a previously unreleased megamix entitled Gmail and the Restraining Orders for Warp Records' 30th anniversary.
In a Pitchfork interview, Ride stated that although he has favorite musicians such as Jimi Hendrix, he takes more inspiration from his internal struggles than human achievements. He has a side career as a visual artist. His art consists of dark, monochromatic portraits. His first exhibition took place at Slow Culture in Los Angeles' Chinatown from January 7 to January 28, 2017.
Contrary to his aggressive rap style, Burnett appears to be soft spoken; in a 2012 interview with Spin, he said, "I'm a very private person, I have very few people that I call my friends. I'm very distrustful of human beings in general; I'm very distrustful of media. I have no interest in sharing my personal life with the world. Zero." He has been described as "reclusive" and "super private" by his bandmate Zach Hill, and is quiet and introverted in interviews.
David began practising law in 1905, and was a partner in the law firm of Elliott & David. He joined the Liberal party, and was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Quebec in 1916 as the Liberal Party member for the Terrebonne riding, serving until 1936. David directed the Department of Education, and in 1930 he sponsored a controversial bill which would have created a separate Jewish school board in Quebec.
David created the Prix Athanase-David literary prize in 1922. In 1923 was made a Knight of the Legion of Honour by the government of France; he was made an Officer in 1925 and a Commander in 1934.[citation needed]
A sports fan, David was president of the Montreal Canadiens ice hockey club from 1930 to 1935. The club won three Stanley Cups during his tenure in 1924, 1930, and 1931. In 1928 he partnered with Montreal stockbroker Ernest Savard and American baseball executive George Stallings to revive the Montreal Royals baseball franchise as part of the International League and to build Delorimier Stadium.[citation needed]
David resigned from the provincial government in February 1940 to accept an appointment as Senator in the Parliament of Canada where he served until his death in 1953.
David was married to Antonia Nantel (known as Madame Athanase David), who was an arts administrator and patron in Montreal. He helped her in establishing the Montreal Symphony Orchestra in 1934 and the Montreal Festivals in 1936. Their son, Paul David, was a cardiologist and later Canadian senator.
Panayiota Grivastopoulos (born March 18, 1943 in Paris, France) is a French-Greek soap opera actress.
She is best known for her roles on the now defunct long running Greek soap operas, Kalimera Zoi, and Lampsi on the ANT1 network, she will also temporarily join the cast of Erotas later this[which?] year, which coincidentally her daughter Vera Kondos guest stars in. It was confirmed that she will be playing a villain. She suffers from osteoporosis and osteo-arthritis. In 2006 she discovered that her year of birth had been miscounted, instead of being born in 1942 she was in fact born in 1943.
Cyrtochites is a genus of taxonomically-problematic tooth-shaped small shelly fossil reconstructed as the jaw of a predatory organism.
In 1066 the Lord of Somerville, Sir Gaultier / Walter de Somerville joined William the conqueror on his invasion of England, for his support Sir Gaultier de Somerville was given land in the North of England. By the twelfth century, the Somervilles were granted land and title of lord in Scotland and were at one time among the noble families of Scotland. Alternatively, Somerville can also be a Scottish[citation needed]clan surname.
Tim Kidd OBE is the UK Chief Commissioner for The Scout Association. As the Chief Commissioner he is the top administrative volunteer of The Scout Association. The UK Chief Commissioner acts as the association's Deputy Chief Scout and appoints a team of chief commissioners and UK Commissioners who are responsible for programmes in their respective fields.
Kidd's first involvement in Scouting was as a Cub. He has served in numerous leadership roles including Scout Leader, Assistant County Commissioner (Scouts), District Commissioner and County Commissioner. Prior to his current position Kidd was UK Commissioner for Adult Support for four years. Kidd replaced Wayne Bulpitt to become the UK Chief Commissioner in August 2016, serving until the appointment of Carl Hankinson in September 2021.
Kidd was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2016 Birthday Honours for services to young people through the Scout Movement.
Peacock was born in Barrie, Ontario. She studied at the University of Western Ontario, receiving her BFA in 1978, and went on to the University of California in San Diego for her MFA in 1981. Peacock lives in Halifax, Nova Scotia, where she teaches at NSCAD University.
Peacock's work is found in international public and private collections, including the National Gallery of Canada, the Museum of Modern Art in New York, and Museum Ludwig in Cologne.
She has won awards at the Atlantic Film & Video Festival (Best Experimental, 1990) the Chicago International Film & Video Festival (1992), and the Atlanta Film & Video Festival (1997). She is a recipient of the Bell Canada Award and the Canada Council Medal for her contribution to the field of video. Peacock received a Governor General's Award in Visual and Media Arts in 2012.
She married first to Alula of Yejju (sometime governor of Damot and then of Gojjam), with whom she had a son, Ras Ali II of Yejju around the year 1819. After the death of her first spouse, she married the future emperor Yohannes III. 
On a meeting of the chief nobles of the Yejju at the dynastic capital of Debre Tabor, after the death of Ras Dori on July 1831, Dori's cousin, Menens son Ali was appointed Ruler of Begemder and Imperial Regent at the age of 12. As his father Alula was dead by this time and Ali was a minor, a council of regents was appointed from the nobles of that people. However, Menen soon came to control this council and exerted much influence over political decisions for the next decade.
Following the death of Ras Kinfu, people fought for control of his lands in Gojjam. Eventually Menen gained the upper hand in the Battle of Chenti Ber (October, 1839), defeating and capturing Kinfu's relative Walda Tekle. Not long afterwards, she deposed Sahle Dengel on 29 August 1840 in favor of her husband Yohannes. However, Yohannes offended her son Ras Ali by favoring his rival Wube Haile Maryam, and Ras Ali restored Sahle Dengel in October 1841. 
On her part, in order to have influence over Kassa Menen offered her granddaughter Tewabech Ali as a bride to him. Nevertheless, Kassa came to love her and was faithful to her until her death in 1858. Menan also awarded Kassa all of Ye Meru Qemas for the same reasons.
"Black Swan" received general praise from music critics for its "honest and raw" lyrics and dark production, with comparisons being drawn to the band's 2018 single, "Fake Love". Commercially, the former debuted at number seven on South Korea's Gaon Digital Chart and at number one on the US Billboard World Digital Song Sales chart. The song debuted at number 46 on the UK Singles Chart and number 57 on the US Billboard Hot 100, in addition to entering record charts in several other territories.
The song achieved substantial popularity, earning the Melon Popularity Award for five consecutive weeks.
Phytomyza stolonigena is a leaf mining fly in the family Agromyzidae, whose larvae burrow into leaves of Ranunculus. The larvae of the fly make characteristic mines in Ranunculus leaves; they mine in the petiole, making single corridors that fan out into the leaf blade.
Joy Marini is an American executive who is currently the philanthropic director of Johnson & Johnson's international philanthropy for maternal and infant health, violence against women, and gender inequality.
Marini has a background as a physician's assistant (PA-C), having earned her MS Physician Assistant degree from the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey in 1997. She received an Master of Business Administration degree from Rider University in international marketing, and Bachelor of Science from Western Kentucky University in animal science and agriculture.
Marini became the Director of Corporate Contributions at Johnson & Johnson in 2007, having spent 6 years prior working with the Johnson & Johnson Pediatric Institute.
Johnson & Johnson worked to develop an ebola vaccine to address the 2014 ebola outbreak, and also cooperated with the government of Sierra Leone, UNICEF, and the Liverpool School of Tropical Medicine to improve the health system there, focusing on the local health workforce.
Marini has also advocated for empowering midwives, noting gender equity problems and the extreme gender pay gap for women in health, who often cannot go on strike to protest due to their essential work. Johnson & Johnson and the International Confederation of Midwives support leadership programs that help train and empower midwives.
Under her leadership Johnson & Johnson pledged its support in 2016 for the UN Population Fund Safe Birth Even Here campaign to reduce maternal mortality in crisis settings as part of humanitarian responses. In support of the UN Sustainable Development Goal for universal health coverage, she advocated at a 23 September 2019 meeting of global health leaders, where the role of midwives and nurses was a key theme, Marini advocated for inclusivity and technological responsiveness to local needs.
She has served on the board of GBCHealth since 2015, a business coalition for private activity and investment in global health issues.
This biographical article related to medicine in the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
"Dancing Like A Gun" is the title of a John Foxx song, released as a single in October 1981, taken from The Garden album released a month previously.
It was the first John Foxx solo single not to make the Top 75 singles chart in the UK. Smash Hits declared that "despite his recent success Foxxy (sic.) hasn't lived up to his early promise. This has all the ingredients - the pips and the peel - but without the juice".
"Swimmer 1" and "Swimmer 2" produced by John Foxx engineered by Jo Dvorniak. Recorded at Moody Studios.
The 2008 issue also features the tracks "Swimmer III" and "Swimmer IV" previously released on the Meridians C60 cassette compilations on the Touch label in 1983. "Swimmer III" was featured on issue 2 under the name of "The Quiet Man 3" and "Swimmer IV" on issue 1 under the name of "The Quiet Man 4".
"Swimmer II" is the opening track to the 2013 John Foxx compilation album Metadelic, and was also performed live by Foxx and Louis Gordon in 2007 as documented on the Neuro Video live album (2008).
Anthony Norris (born June 6, 1963) is an American retired professional wrestler and football player. He is best known for his appearances with the professional wrestling promotion World Wrestling Federation (WWF) from 1995 to 1998, under the ring name Ahmed Johnson. In the WWF, he held the WWF Intercontinental Championship, making him the first African American to win a singles championship in the WWF. He also headlined the In Your House 9: International Incident pay-per-view event.
Norris was born in Lake Alfred, Florida, on June 6, 1963. While attending high school, he performed well at American football, basketball, amateur wrestling, and track and field.
Norris trained as a professional wrestler under Skandor Akbar, Scott Casey and Ivan Putski. After making his debut in 1989, he competed on the independent circuit for the next few years before debuting in the Global Wrestling Federation (GWF) in 1993 as Moadib. In 1995 he worked for NWA Dallas, feuding with John Hawk for the NWA North American Heavyweight Championship. He also toured Japan that year with Big Japan Pro Wrestling.
In June 1997, Johnson turned on WWF Champion The Undertaker and joined the New Nation, with Kama Mustafa, D'Lo Brown, and Faarooq. Johnson was injured soon after this; he was scheduled to face Undertaker at Canadian Stampede for the WWF Title, but was plagued by injuries and was replaced by Vader.
The Nation turned on him after he recovered and returned in August 1997, which resulted in Johnson turning face once more. He restarted his feud with the Nation, and would reunite with the Legion of Doom as well as join forces with Ken Shamrock during the feud. At Survivor Series 1997, they defeated the Nation in a Survivor Series match.
Norris stayed away from wrestling after his release from WCW until he wrestled his return match for Arlington, Texas, based Professional Championship Wrestling in 2002 against Jared Steele. He wrestled his final match in 2003 in a tag team match for Maximum Pro Wrestling, teaming with Monty Brown in a losing effort against Sabu and Gangrel.
Since retiring, Norris began working for Booker T and Stevie Ray's Pro Wrestling Alliance wrestling school.
Norris grew up in Florida before taking up residence in Houston, Texas, with his daughter Nina. He endured a harsh childhood, where his father abused his mother regularly and abused him as well if he intervened, he states.
Norris briefly attended the University of Tennessee and left soon after to play for the Dallas Cowboys. According to Norris, he joined the United States Army but was later discharged due to striking his captain over viewing his orders as "kind of cowardly."
In July 2016, Norris was named part of a class action lawsuit filed against WWE which alleged that wrestlers incurred traumatic brain injuries during their tenure and that the company concealed the risks of injury. The suit was litigated by attorney Konstantine Kyros, who has been involved in a number of other lawsuits against WWE. US District Judge Vanessa Lynne Bryant dismissed the lawsuit in September 2018.
Maron was born in Greensboro, North Carolina and grew up in central Johnston County; she had also lived in Italy. She and her husband, artist Joe Maron, lived in Brooklyn before returning to her home state in 1972. Maron died of complications from a stroke.
Maron was the author of numerous short stories and more than 20 mystery novels to date.[as of?] One series of novels features Sigrid Harald, a loner lieutenant in the NYPD whose policeman father was killed in the line of duty when she was a toddler (The Right Jack: a Sigrid Harald Mystery). Another series follows the adventures of Judge Deborah Knott, attorney and daughter of an infamous North Carolina bootlegger.
Her works have been translated into a dozen languages and are on the reading lists of many courses in contemporary Southern literature, as well as Crime and Mystery literature courses.
Maron was a founding member and past president of Sisters in Crime and of the American Crime Writers' League, and a director on the national board for Mystery Writers of America. She was a keynote speaker at the Great Manhattan Mystery Conclave in 2004.
Maron received a number of awards for her work from the various awarding bodies of the mystery fiction genre.
Her first novel to receive recognition was Corpus Christmas, which was nominated for the 1989 Agatha Award and the 1990 Anthony Award in the "Best Novel" category. Her first short story to be met with critical acclaim was "Deborah's Judgment", which won the 1991 Agatha Award and was also nominated for the Anthony Award and the Macavity Award the following year for "Best Short-story".
Her novel Bootlegger's Daughter was very well received, winning the 1992 Agatha and the Anthony, Edgar and Macavity awards for "Best Novel" the following year. Additionally in 1993, Marons short story "...That Married Dear Old Dad" was nominated for the "Best Short-story" Agatha and her novel Southern Discomfort was nominated for the "Best Novel" Agatha award. Southern Discomfort was again honoured the following year, picking up a nomination at the 1994 Anthony Awards, again for "Best Novel".
Last Lessons of Summer  was nominated for an Agatha Award in 2003; High Country Fall was nominated for an Agatha Award in 2004 and also picked up a Macavity nomination the following year, the same year in which her novel Rituals of the Season picked up yet another Agatha nomination. Hard Row also received an Agatha Award nomination, this time in 2007. Three-Day Town won the 2011 Agatha Award for "Best Novel".
Maron received an honorary doctorate from and gave the commencement address to the University of North Carolina at Greensboro in May 2010, where she was a student for two years. In 2016, she was inducted into the North Carolina Literary Hall of Fame.
Woodhull is a town in Steuben County, New York, United States.  The population was 1,524 at the 2000 census.
The first settlers arrived circa 1804. Among the first settlers were Caleb Smith, who built the town's first three houses. The town was formed from the Towns of Troupsburg and Addison in 1828.  In 1856, part of Woodhull was taken for the Town of Rathbone.
There were 550 households, out of which 34.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.3% were married couples living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.6% were non-families. 20.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.77 and the average family size was 3.15.
In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.2% under the age of 18, 8.6% from 18 to 24, 28.0% from 25 to 44, 24.0% from 45 to 64, and 11.2% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.8 males.
The median income for a household in the town was $32,032, and the median income for a family was $34,583. Males had a median income of $27,228 versus $22,150 for females. The per capita income for the town was $13,674.  About 12.7% of families and 16.3% of the population were below the poverty line, including 13.8% of those under age 18 and 18.3% of those age 65 or over.
Pierre Salvi (born 8 April 1948) is a French cross-country skier. He competed in the men's 30 kilometre event at the 1976 Winter Olympics.
This biographical article relating to French cross-country skiing is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
10 is the tenth album by Turkish singer Tarkan. It was released on 15 June 2017 by HITT Production and distributed by DMC.
Jeffrey Lee Eppinger (born ca 1960) is an American computer scientist, entrepreneur and Professor of the Practice at the Carnegie Mellon University, School of Computer Science, Institute for Software Research.
Eppinger was a student at Carnegie Mellon University where he earned a Bachelor of Science in 1982, a Master of Science in 1987, and a PhD in Computer Science in 1988. His advisors were Alfred Spector and Richard Rashid.
At Carnegie Mellon, Eppinger's dissertation demonstrated the integration of the Mach Operating System's virtual memory with the Camelot Transaction System.  This recoverable virtual memory concept was subsequently used to implement the Coda File System.
In 1983, Eppinger won the George E. Forsythe Award for his research in binary search trees. Eppinger had made empirical studies of their behaviour under random deletions and insertions.
Miriam Nash is a Scottish poet, performer and arts facilitator. She has published a pamphlet, Small Change (2015) and a full-length poetry collection, All the Prayers in the House, (2017). She received an Eric Gregory Award in 2015, was shortlisted for the Edwin Morgan poetry award in  2016, and won the Somerset Maugham Award in 2018.
Miriam Nash was born in Inverness, Scotland in 1985. She grew up in Scotland, and England and Wales. She won a Fulbright Scholarship to study poetry at Sarah Lawrence College in New York, where she obtained an MFA in 2014.
Nash's pamphlet Small Change was published by Flipped eye publishing in 2013. In 2016, she was Writer-in-residence at Greenway, the holiday home of Agatha Christie.  In 2017, her first full-length collection, All the Prayers in the House,, was published by Bloodaxe. As a poet and arts facilitator, Nash has worked with schools, museums, mental health organisations and prisons in the UK, USA and Singapore.
Nash currently lives and works in London where she teaches creative writing at the Ministry of Stories.
Nash received an Eric Gregory Award in 2015 and was nominated for the Edwin Morgan Poetry Award in 2016, for her pamphlet Small Change.  Nash was winner of the Somerset Maugham Award in 2018 for her poetry collection, All the Prayers in the House.
Mecidea is a genus of narrow stink bugs in the family Pentatomidae. There are about eight described species in Mecidea.
Paul Clayton Newell (born 23 February 1969) is an English former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Pendidikan Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Wamena, Indonesia.  It is currently used mostly for football matches and is used as the home stadium for Persiwa Wamena.  The stadium has a capacity of 15,000 people.
A Machakos County Assembly is the forum through which the people of Machakos participate in the making of laws, formulation of policies for taxation, budgeting, and the establishment of the Machakos County public service.
Through the same forum, the people maintain surveillance and oversight on how they are governed; while the Machakos County Executive gives an account of its operations in governing the Machakos County.
A Machakos County Assembly is composed of both elected and nominated Members. The process for the election and nomination, including how the stakeholders participate are set out in the 2010 Constitution of Kenya and statutes - County Governments Act, 2012, Political Parties Act, 2010 and Independent Electoral and Boundaries Commission Act, 2011.
a)Members elected by the registered voters of the Wards, each Ward constituting a single member Constituency, on the same day as a general election of Members of Parliament, being the second Tuesday in August, in every fifth year.
b)The number of Special Seat Members necessary to ensure that no more than two-thirds of the Membership of the Assembly are of the same gender
c)The number of Members of Marginalised Groups, including Persons with Disabilities and the Youth, prescribed by an Act of Parliament; and
The Members contemplated in clause (b) and (c) above shall, in each case, be nominated by Political Parties in proportion to the seats received in that, election in that county by each Political Party under paragraph (a) in accordance with Article 90.
The filling of Special Seats under clause (b) shall be determined after declaration of elected Members from each Ward.
Machakos  County Assembly exercises and executes the mandate, role and function by the sovereign power to participate in governance, delegated to them under Section 1 (2), (3) and (4) of Constitution of Kenya 2010.
On the basis of the current philosophies and practices of governance and from Constitution of Kenya 2010 and pertinent statutes, the mandate, role and function of the County Assemblies in Kenya are:
i)They are the home of and executer of the legislative authority of a County by making and unmaking laws to facilitate the due execution of the powers and functions of a County Government under existing statute
ii)They exercise oversight over all  issues and  matters of governance, especially, the operation of the County Executive Committee and all organs of the County Executive
(a) All development plans, programmes, policies and budget of a County Government; as set out in Sections 207,   220 (2), 201 and 203 of CK 2010 and Part !V of the Public Finance Management Act, 2012
(b) Vetting all nominees for appointment as County Secretary and Chief Officers of the County Public Service
(c)The borrowing by a County Government in accordance with provisions of Section 212 of Constitution of Kenya  2010
(d)Appointment of a Clerk of a County Assembly (CCA) on recommendation of the County Assembly Service Board (CASB).
iv)They represent the electorate of a County in the governance, including providing leadership in deliberation on all matters of concern and interest
v)However, Members of a County Assembly, do not get directly involved in the Executive or functions of a County Government or in the delivery of services meant to be done by the County Public Service
Speaker of Machakos County Assembly   an ex-officio member of Machakos County Assembly in Kenya. The Current speaker of Machakos Assembly is Hon. Florence Mwangangi.
The inaugural holder of the office was Bernard Mung'ata who was elected into office on 26 March 2013 
Rail transport in Staffordshire has a long history. Stafford itself is a major "crossroads" on the West Coast Main Line, handling passenger and freight services between London and Scotland along with traffic travelling between Manchester and Birmingham. Stoke-on-Trent was once a major railway centre, especially for traffic associated with the coal mining and pottery industries, but in recent years this traffic has almost completely disappeared.
Staffordshire's railways were considerably reduced by the Beeching cuts in the 1960s. The famous Loop Line along with several other routes were closed, while several  stations, such as Uttoxeter, only narrowly missed closure. A considerable number of coal mines retained their railway connections, but with the decline of the industry, very few survive.
Barlaston, Norton Bridge and Wedgwood last saw rail services in 2003. Etruria, no longer used by local workers, closed in 2005.
Martlets Hospice is a hospice in Hove, England, established in 1997. It is a registered charity (no. 802145). The hospice provides end-of-life care to people in the Brighton and Hove area.
The hospice is named after the mythical Sussex bird, a Martlet, which also appears in the Sussex crest.
Martlets Hospice opened in 1997, following the merger of three separate charities. These were: Tarner, which opened in 1935; Coppercliff, which opened in 1967; and the MacMillan Day Hospice.
The hospice provides care in the hospice building, which has 18 beds and in peoples' homes in Brighton and Hove and surrounding areas including Newhaven and Peacehaven.  Care is provided free for adults aged over the age of 18 who have terminal illnesses including cancer, motor neurone disease, parkinsons and alzheimers.
The hospice is not part of the National Health Service, although reports that just under one third of its funding comes from the NHS. Patients need to be referred to the hospice by a health professional.
They have seven charity shops throughout the Brighton and Hove area and own Martlets Care, a paid-for care agency.
The hospice Patron is HM Lord Lieutenant Peter Field. Ambassadors for the charity include Carol Harrison, Fatboy Slim and Peter James.
The current Chair of Trustees is Juliet Smith, a former magistrate. She has been the Chairwoman since 2016.
Other notable supporters include TV Vet Marc Abraham, who campaigned for Lucy's Law in the United Kingdom.
British glovemaker Corneila James died in the hospice in 1999, her son is the crime author Peter James, who remains as a patron and supporter of the charity today.
33rd U-boat Flotilla ("33. Unterseebootsflottille") was a front-line unit of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II.
The flotilla included U-boats that had been based at the French submarine bases captured by the Allied advance during the Normandy Campaign, as well as U-boats operating in the Indian Ocean (the Monsun Gruppe). The flotilla was disbanded in May 1945 after the German surrender.
The Cray XC50 is a massively parallel multiprocessor supercomputer manufactured by Cray. The machine can support Intel Xeon processors, as well as  Cavium ThunderX2 processors, Xeon Phi processors and NVIDIA Tesla P100 GPUs. The processors are connected by Cray's proprietary "Aries" interconnect, in a dragonfly network topology. The XC50 is an evolution of the XC40, with the main difference being the support of Tesla P100 processors and the use of Cray software release CLE 6 or 7.
In 1995 the municipality was merged with the other, neighboring municipalities Amlikon, Griesenberg and Strohwilen to form a new and larger municipality Amlikon-Bissegg.
Much of the village was owned by the Abbey of St. Gallen.  During the High Middle Ages it was under the influence of the Baron of Bussnang.  Between the mid-13th Century to 1798, it was under the court of the Griesenberg family, which was a side branch of the Bussnang family.  It was always part of the parish of Bussnang, until in 1857 Bissegg and Junkholz became part of the Reformed parish of Leutmerken.
The local economy was based on grain cultivation, and some vineyards until the 19th Century when it transitioned to cattle and dairy farming.  Starting about 1870 milk from the village went to Holzhof village in the municipality of Griesenberg.  Finally, in 1905, a cheesemaker opened in Bissegg.
Bassett Senior High School is the only comprehensive high school for the Bassett Unified School District and is located at 755 N Ardilla Ave, La Puente, California 91746. The school mascot is The Olympian, a Greek god. The school colors are Black and Gold.  The school coat of arms features three interlocked Olympic rings with the profile of an Olympian and feathers. The campus opened in 1965 and celebrated 50 years in 2015. The principal is Hector Vasquez.
Bassett has many clubs from Drama, Band, Choir, Color Guard, Ecology, Spanish, French, H.O.S.A., Interact, AVID, Renaissance and Academic Decathlon and many more. There is a chapter of the National Honor Society (NHS) at Bassett High.
The official results of the Women's Pole Vault at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia, held on Monday 25 September 2000. There were a total number of 30 participating athletes in this event, which made its Olympic debut. The qualifying round was held on Saturday 23 September 2000, with the qualifying height set at 4.35 metres.
While the pole vault had been a standard Olympic event for a century, dating back to the first revival in 1896, this was the first time the event had been held for women.
Prior to the competition[update], the existing World record was as follows. As this was a new event in the Olympics, no previous Olympic record existed.
This biographical article related to association football in Hungary, about a defender, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Villa Colloredo Mels is a suburban palace located on Via Gregorio XII, on the western edge of the urban center of Recanati, province of Macerata, Marche, Italy. It presently houses the civic archeologic and art museum of the town. 
The villa was present prior to the 16th century, and was rebuilt in its present form in the 18th century. The staircase was built in the 16th century. The rooms were frescoed in the 18th century.
In the mid-18th century the palace was the property of the aristocratic Colloredo Mels family, a prominent family which included Filippo di Colloredo-Mels as one of its members. The Colloredo, who originated from Friuli Venezia Giulia, married the Countess Delia Maria Silvestri of Cingoli. Their son Fabio, born in 1705, married the Countess Teresa Flamini-Antici thus inheriting the original villa.
The last member of the Colloredo family owning the property was the former-count Rudolf Colloredo who died in 1961. The villa was acquired by the commune, and restorations were begun. The museum was opened in 1998.
The archeologic section has findings from Neolithic and pre-Roman cultures, such as the Picena culture of the 9th century BC. Historical collections include objects from Roman through Renaissance period.
The painting gallery has works from the 14th through the 20th century: including works by Giacomo di Nicola da Recanati, Olivuccio di Ciccarello, Felice Damiani da Gubbio, Ludovico da Siena, Vincenzo Pagani, Lorenzo Lotto, Pomarancio, Pier Simone Fanelli,  and Biagio Biagetti. The museum has ceramics by Rodolfo Ceccaroni.
Among the highlights of the collections are master works by Lorenzo Lotto such as the Recanati Polyptych (1508) originally from the church of San Domenico, the Recanati Annunciation, a San Giacomo Maggiore, and a Transfiguration.
The men's pole vault event at the 1996 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Sydney, Australia, at International Athletic Centre on 23 and 25 August.
After the fall of Tula Xicocotitlan, a large desert region was populated by the Otomi people and Nahua people, in this way making a new kingdom (1220-1395) from Tecpanecapan. They were later defeated by the tepanecs from Azcapotzalco. With the collapse of Xaltocan (old city-state inside Lake of Texcoco), the Otomies in 1395, escaped to the north by the attacks. Otomi people from Xaltocan occupied other lands as Teotlalpan, a land after the Lake Zumpango.
The annals actually show that the Mexicas had little interest in the area, in times of tepaneca dominion when Chimalpopoca ruled, was conquered Tequixquiac (1413) and its surroundings, later during the expansion of tenochca dominion, Moteuczoma Ilhuicamina submits Axocopan, Atotonilco and Xilotepec, however the consolidation of northern occurred until 1488 in the days of Ahuitzotl by the need for greater supply of materials for the great metropolis of Tenochtitlan.
The viceregal government justified this by religious orders means in Teotlalpan region, Franciscans and Augustinians was a evangelizers of indigenous people of The Teotlalpan; this land was very necessary the easy evangelization for the religious conquest from Huaxtec Region. This lands was scorned by tenochcas, with the delivery of encomiendas, the region was destined to be populated by Spaniards and to maintain a cattle activities.
This territory was known by Chichimeca-Nahuas as strange land, dangerous and arid planes or deserts, was administrated by Kingdom of Acolhuacan. The fields are irrigated along the Tula River, the edges of the rivers were used for irrigation and husbandry, the region is characterized by green river valleys and very dry hills.
This demarcation was diluted in three decades after the Conquest of Mexico and it turned in the Colonial divisions. No one Indigenous document draw the demarcation of a region or province called Teotlalpan, just as there is no record of armed uprisings of the peoples from north of the central lakes, its population either by trade agreement or quick submission, they produced huge amounts of quicklime and textile fibers since Teotihuacan times.
We should understand that the north was not important or priority for the Mexica state, hence the late consolidation; it wasn't also a threat because the people in the region did not form a unit or were part of some sort of confederation, another important factor is that the otomi people had maintained its independence through trade agreements and being allies of central power as well.
In the United States community archaeology can broadly be separated into three distinct types: projects that collaborate with indigenous peoples, projects that collaborate with other local and descendant communities, and outreach specifically for public education.
As a form of public outreach and collaboration, many archaeology projects in the United States have taken steps to present their work in schools and to children.  These projects vary from a "one time" presentation to local schools, to long-term commitments in which public education is an intricate part of the research design.
In a reduced sense, communities are aggregations of people that "are seldom, if ever, monocultural and are never of one mind." "For understanding the goals of community archaeology projects it is helpful to classify these communities into three broad and overlapping types.  That is local communities, local descent communities, and non-local descent communities or diasporas."
Another method in community archaeology for the sharing and distribution of archaeological knowledge is the publication or presentation of materials specifically for the community.  This includes books, pamphlets, children's stories, school-oriented workbooks, comic books, websites, public lectures, radio programs, television shows and news coverage, dramatic reenactments, artistic and literary creations, open access publications, and other forms.
Participatory action research is another method archaeologists have used in community archaeology projects.
Some community archaeologists have had difficulty sticking to their original commitments to the community.
Dumba Festival is an annual festival celebrated by the chiefs and people of Wa of the Wala Paramouncy in the Upper West Region of Ghana. It is usually celebrated in the month of September or October.
During the festival, visitors are welcomed to share food and drinks. The people put on traditional clothes and there is durbar of chiefs. There is also dancing and drumming.
In 2017, the second-generation Note was replaced by the French-built K14 Micra for the European market. The Versa Note was discontinued in North America in 2019 due to the decreasing demand for subcompact hatchbacks in the region. It continued to be produced and sold in Japan up to the introduction of the third-generation Note.
The Note was introduced with a series hybrid drivetrain in late 2016 as the Note e-Power. Due to its popularity and the push of electrification, the third-generation Note is only available with the e-Power drivetrain.
The Note was introduced as a concept car called the Tone Concept. It was a five-door hatchback with Intelligent Key with proximity sensors, arched roof line, double-deck four-slot grille, 17 inch alloy wheels, and brushed aluminium display panel with satellite navigation screen and climate control system. The vehicle was unveiled at the 2004 Paris Motor Show.
The trim levels for the European market were the S, SE and SVE, while later it is replaced by Visia, Visia+, Acenta, Acenta R and Tekna. In Russia/CIS region, Nissan sold Note with Comfort, Luxury and Tekna trim levels. Cars made for this market before 2009 have standard OBDII diagnostics especially software disabled by Nissan.[citation needed]
It is a version of the Nissan Note inspired by multi-sports brand adidas, with user-changeable treatment on the front/rear bumpers; fabrics and rubber materials used on dashboard, door trim, etc.
The 2006 Nissan Note, 1.4 Acenta (SE), five-door hatchback passed, July 2006, passed the Euro NCAP car safety tests with these ratings:
A CD single called 'C'mon Everybody Note&Pencils' was released by Pony Canyon on 9 August 2006, which included Eddie Cochran's C'mon Everybody (original, DJ UTO remix, instrumental) used in the Nissan Note commercial premiered on 12 May 2006. The CD cover shows a Marine Blue Note 15S V package drawing on a 50m x 40m notebook with blue tire tracks. The Note commercial was performed by Toshihiro Yashiba of JFCT INC.
In 2007, Nissan slightly facelifted Note. Both bumpers become fully painted. Radio antenna moved to the rear of the roof. Headlamp washer lost its dedicated button and become fully automatic which lead to excessive cleaner fluid consumption. New radio models were offered and some less significant and invisible changes were made.
Japanese models went on sale on 16 January 2008. Early models include 15X F package, 15X, 15G, 15RS, 15RX, 15X FOUR F package, 15X FOUR, 15G FOUR.
European model was unveiled at the 2008 Paris Motor Show. The 1.5-litre dCi engine models went on sale in September 2008, followed by 1.4-litre petrol engine models in October 2008.
They are versions of Nissan Note 15X SV and 15X FOUR SV for the Japanese market, with intelligent air conditioning system with 1-touch clean switch.
As part of the 2008 Nissan Note launch in Japan, a series of television commercials based on The World of GOLDEN EGGS characters was produced. The corresponding web site <http://note-notte.com/> opened on 21 December 2007, followed by the 1st television commercial premiere in January 2008, and the opening of a special Nissan Note web site with The World of GOLDEN EGGS characters.
As part of the 2009 Nissan Note market launch in Japan, a series of animated commercials were premiered on 20 May 2009. The commercial was inspired by the Heidi, Girl of the Alps animated series, featuring Junichi Koumoto and Tomochika (as Heidi). The series was produced by studio crocodile inc.
This concept is a hatchback concept built on the V platform, designed to be sold alongside Nissan Micra and Nissan Juke. It included Nissan's "Squash Line" at the side body panel, independent front MacPherson struts with coil springs, torsion beam rear axle, Around View Monitor (AVM) safety technology, Nissan Safety Shield System. The vehicle was unveiled at the 2012 Geneva International Motor Show.
The vehicle was unveiled at the Osanbashi venue in Yokohama, followed by Nissan Gallery on 28 August 2012.
It would replace the Nissan Livina for other countries' markets (except China and parts of Asia) within 2013.
Hong Kong models went on sale on 21 September 2012. Early models included DIG-S with HR12DDR engine, XTRONIC CVT transmission, ISS idle mode.
Latin American models went on sale in July 2013. Early models included Sense (manual and CVT) and Advance (manual and CVT).
European models went on sale in summer 2013, with deliveries beginning in autumn 2013. Early models include a choice of 3 engines (1.2-litre 80PS petrol, 1.2-litre 98PS DIG-S petrol, 1.5-litre 90PS turbo diesel), manual or CVT transmission, 3 trim levels (Visia, Acenta and Tekna).
Nissan said the drag coefficient is 0.298. The frontal area is 2.13 m2, making the drag area CdA to be at 0.639 m2. 
It is a version of the Nissan Note for the Japanese market, with plated door handles, exclusive Beatnic Gold body color, suede-like cloth seats and artificial leather, piano-like center cluster finisher and genuine leather-wrapped steering wheel. The highest grade "MEDALIST" is also a model that inherits the concept of Tidus and comes from Laurel 's grade of the same name.
The Nissan Versa Note is a version of the Nissan Note for the US market, as a replacement of the outgoing Nissan Versa hatchback.
US model went on sale in Summer 2013 as 2014 model year vehicle. Early models include 1.6-liter DOHC 4-cylinder engine with dual fuel injection and Twin CVTC (Continuously Variable Timing Control), 5-speed manual or Xtronic CVT transmission, 5 grade levels (S, S Plus, SV, SL). A sporty SR model has been added to the 2015 lineup. New for 2017 a facelift with a new front bumper cover as well as rear (previously only available on the SR model), wheels and color choices.
In April 2019, Nissan announced that the Versa Note would be discontinued at the end of 2019, and that only the Versa sedan will be offered for the 2020 model year, despite diminishing sales for both the Versa and Versa Note models.
The Japanese model of Nissan Note is manufactured at Nissan Motor Kyushu, while European models of Nissan Note were developed at Nissan Technical Centre Europe (NTCE) in both the UK and Spain and produced in Nissan Manufacturing UK in Sunderland.[citation needed]
Both the North American Nissan Versa Note and Latin American models of the Nissan Note are built in Nissan Mexicana SA de CV in Aguascalientes, Mexico.
As part of Nissan Note's market launch in Japan, Nissan Note's Japan web site featured a flip book animation.
On 24 October 2016, Renault-Nissan CEO Carlos Ghosn revealed at the Nissan Note factory in Japan the facelifted MY2017 Note model, with a special powertrain called e-Power. It uses only an electric motor to move the car, while a petrol engine is used as a generator producing electricity that goes directly into propelling the electric motor or, when electricity is in excess, to charge the batteries (similar to BMW's REX).[citation needed]
As of 2017, the Nissan Note is being sold only in Asia and Americas. UK production for European and Argentine markets ended in March that year to increase capacity for Qashqai.
The third-generation Note was revealed in Japan on 24 November 2020 and went on sale on 23 December 2020. For this generation, the Note is only available with an e-Power series hybrid 2WD or 4WD drivetrain (introduced later in 2021), in which one electric motor powering the front axle and another motor powering the rear axle.
In 2013, the Note won the RJC Car of the Year award, beating out the Suzuki Wagon R and the Mazda CX-5. Five years later, it became the top-selling compact car in Japan for 2018 and won the Japanese environmental award on the same year.
In 2014 OperaUpClose began operating as a charity. Ending their residency at the King's Head Theatre in 2015 allowed them to develop touring; education and participation programmes; and "to create more ambitious and innovative productions than a residency in one small theatre allowed".
In 2015 OperaUpClose presented the world premiere of Unborn in America by composer Luke Styles and librettist Peter Cant, as part of the Vault Festival; revived their production of Verdi's La Traviata at Tricycle Theatre; opened a new production of Bizet's Carmen at Soho Theatre; presented the World Premiere of Anthony Young and Leanna Brodie's family opera Ulla's Odyssey at Kings Place; and continued to tour the UK with their production of Mozart's The Marriage of Figaro.
In 2016 OperaUpClose created their first education and participation programme. Partnering with Theatre in Education company, Big Wheel, and funded by Arts Council England, they created a series of workshops that tour with their children's opera, Ulla's Odyssey. The workshops explore what an opera is, how they are performed etc., to give children from as young as seven the tools and confidence to enjoy opera for the rest of their lives.
The 2012 winner was Two Caravans by composer Guy Harries and librettist Ace McCarron. The 2013 winner, The Blank Canvas, was written by composer Spyros Syrmos from a libretto by Fay Wrixon. Ulla's Odyssey by composer Anthony Young and librettist Leanna Brodie won in 2014.
Faria is located on Pitas Point, a popular surf spot also known as "Whistles." The rocky point faces south, with stretches of sandy beach running northeast and northwest from the point.
Beach access at one of the beachfront homes was the subject of the 1987 US Supreme Court case Nollan v. California Coastal Commission.
In total 128 players are granted Tour Cards, which enables them to participate in all Players Championships and European Tour Qualifiers.
Raymond van Barneveld retired after the 2020 PDC World Darts Championship, and Corey Cadby also resigned his card which allowed Toni Alcinas and Simon Stevenson to move into the top 64 and retain their Tour Cards. Jamie Bain resigned his Tour Card after the 2020 PDC World Darts Championship, as he couldn't commit to the full schedule, which opened a space in Q-School as Bain was outside the Top 64.
"The Other Woman" is the title track from the album The Other Woman by Ray Parker Jr.. It was his first solo hit single without his longtime group, Raydio. Released as a single in March 1982, it peaked at number four on the Billboard Hot 100, number two on the Hot Black Singles chart, number twenty-four on the dance chart, and number thirty-three on the Adult Contemporary chart. It also spent one week at number one in Australia.
There are two music videos for the single. One  had a definite cheesy horror film feel, akin to The Rocky Horror Picture Show, with a lyrics-inspired sexy spin on Dracula. 
The other  featured actress/model Patricia Kotero, better known as Apollonia. She would later go on to co-star in the film Purple Rain.
Pitta Pitta (also known under several other spellings) is an extinct Australian Aboriginal language. It was spoken around Boulia, Queensland.
The name pituri for the leaves chewed as a stimulant by traditional Aboriginal people has been claimed to be derived from the Pitta Pitta word pijiri. though Walter Roth pointed out in 1897 that the word 'pituri', thus pronounced, was the term used by the neighbouring Yurlayurlanya people, and added that the Pitta Pitta people called it "tarembola".
This Australian Aboriginal languages-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
DOVO Solingen, or DOVO Steelware, or DOVO, is an independent German company, based in Solingen. They are a manufacturer of scissors, shaving equipment such as straight razors and safety razors, as well as manicure tools. Shaving equipment and razors are produced by Merkur Solingen, a subsidiary of DOVO.
DOVO was founded in 1906. The name derives from the last names of the original founders Carl Dorp + Carl Arthur Voos. Starting from 1950s onwards DOVO has acquired multiple companies like Tennis (1952), Bismarck (1957), "Ankerflagge" (1957), "Teufelskerle" (1968). "Kronpunkt" (1969), Fontana (1970), Heups & Hermes company (1973) and Merkur company (1996).
As of 31 December 2001, the company employed 86 staff, who produced a daily output of 1200 scissors, 900 nippers, and 150 open razors and shavers. 75% of these products were exported to other countries, while the remaining 25% were sold in Germany. Since the early 2000s, the company has seen an increase in demand and as of 2016 produced tens of thousands of razors a year, with 20 employees working exclusively on razors.
Since 2013 DOVO moved towards focusing mainly on their shaving products and introducing new range of straight razors.
Merkur 38C & Double Edge Blades. An example of current Merkur DE safety razor design and double edge blade packaging.
Poster of the DOVO Meisterwerke in Solingen. This shows the names of the original owners (as the DOVO brand name was not yet used) and the original location of the factory.
The school was founded by the Reverend Reynell Cotton in around 1760. Cotton was succeeded as headmaster by his son-in-law, the Reverend Charles Richards.
This Hampshire school or sixth form college related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The list of ship commissionings in 1904 includes a chronological list of all ships commissioned in 1904.
Film Society of Lincoln Center: Li's film earns its emotional payoff thanks to the incredible performances of the young leads. Featuring the sand-blown splendor of infinitely sprawling vistas, ghost towns, and touches of the fantastic, River Road is an absolute masterpiece of Chinese filmmaking.
The Society For Film's Fernando Gros: River Road is a bold and surprising film, an ecological parable that gently draws the viewer in and delivers with surprising, emotionally compelling conclusion. One of the best Chinese dramas I have seen in the last twenty years this is essential viewing. Highly recommended.
Rukor: China's indie film makers have a hard time, and little opportunity to connect with wider audiences. River Road so easily could slip back into the shadows, having had screenings only in a few film festivals. Yet it is the most compelling climate change movie yet, and it deserves to be better known.
This biographical article relating to association football in the country of Georgia is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Calciavis is an extinct genus of bird from the Eocene of Wyoming. It is a lithornithid, a member of a lineage of flying palaeognaths, distantly related to modern ratites. Like many other fossils from the Green River Formation, it is exceptionally well preserved, bearing soft-tissue impressions of skin and feathers.
Calciavis is recovered as a sister taxa to Pseudocrypturus, as sister-taxa to all other lithornithids.
As mentioned above, skull and limb proportions are different among both species, implying that they occupied different ecological niches.
A recent study on Calciavis vindicates previous statements of competent flying in lithornithids, indicating that not only they were capable of sustained flapping but also migratory behaviour.
At the end of June 2003 a nature trail, the Lothar Path (Lotharpfad), was opened at the Schliffkopf on the topic of storm damage. Along an 800-metre-long educational and experience trail, visitors can see how this ten-hectare area, heavily damaged by Hurricane Lothar in 1999, has gradually recovered and been recolonized. The Lothar Path runs along footbridges, ladders and steps and shows how the forces of nature act, how nature deals with destruction in such an area and what naturally regrows.
A 520.1-hectare part of the raised bog-like summit region has been designated as a nature reserve since 1938. In 1986, on the territory of the district of Freudenstadt, a further 876.2 ha was granted reserve status. This is intended to protect the typical landscape of the Black Forest grinden with their extensive woods, stands of mountain pine and the tarn of Buhlbachsee. Parts of the forest are also designated as Schonwald.
The Schliffkopf is also part of the 2,897-hectare Special Area of Conservation known as the Wilder See-Hornisgrinde. In addition, the 36,045-hectare bird reserve of Nordschwarzwald includes the Schliffkopf and thus covers the SAC and nature reserves too.
Ritchie street started as a radio market and then transformed into a market for televisions, computers, mobile phones and laptops. Today the street has over 2,500 shops employing 15,000 people.
The series starts in 2016. Elite policeman Filip Marvan is forced to steal evidence to protect his brother who owes money to a mob. Filip is hit by a car the same day, and wakes up in a hospital in 1982. He has to find out why he is in the past and what circumstances changed the life of his family.
Born in Bucharest, he attended school there until 1855, when he left for the University of Paris. Two years later, he obtained a doctorate in law from that institution.
Foralumab is a fully human monoclonal antibody that binds to CD3 epsilon. Also called TZLS-401, it is currently in clinical development by Tiziana Life Sciences for treatment of Crohn's disease and other autoimmune diseases.
This antineoplastic or immunomodulatory drug article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Avoca Handweavers, now mostly known simply as Avoca, is a clothing manufacturing, retail and food business in Ireland. The company began in Avoca, County Wicklow and is the oldest working woollen mill in Ireland and one of the world's oldest manufacturing companies.[citation needed] Since 2015, it has been owned by the American food service and facilities company, Aramark.
The mill on the banks of the fast-flowing River Avoca survives from at least 1723.  Travel to and from the remote village was difficult and a barter system was used.  The mill was used for grinding corn for bread and spinning and weaving wool.
In 1760, a flying shuttle loom, capable of weaving up to 20 metres of cloth a day arrived.  Workers, concerned about possible unemployment, resorted to burning some looms.
Three sisters, Emily, Winifred, and Veronica Wynne, inherited the mill in the 1920s and introduced colour. Avoca Handweavers tweed was produced and exported, including for use by Italian designer Elsa Schiaparelli. The material was also used for a waistcoat for King George VI and baby blankets for the children of Queen Elizabeth II.[citation needed]
In 1974, Donald Pratt, a solicitor and former cricketer engaged to handle the sale of the mill which now faced closure decided to buy it himself. Along with his wife, Hilary, a teacher, he set about getting Avoca Handweavers back on its feet.[tone] The Pratts began exporting handwoven rugs and throws to the UK and other countries. Avoca throws are still sold across the globe.[citation needed]
As of 2020, Avoca has several retail outlets around Ireland, including at Powerscourt Estate, Malahide Castle and in Belfast. Several of these also have foodhalls and cafes attached as their food operations were expanded.[citation needed]
The company has a number of women's clothing ranges which it sells through its own stores designed by Amanda Pratt, as well as wholesaling in Ireland and internationally. One of these ranges is known as 'Avoca Anthology'.[citation needed]
Avoca is also associated with gardens and has several rare trees in its Kilmacanogue grounds and a garden at Mount Usher Gardens in Ashford, County Wicklow.[citation needed]
Polyipnus oluolus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Polyipnus. It is found in the Marshall Islands.
This class Actinopterygii (ray-finned fish) related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
One of the primary causes for the rise in the number of smaller land holders was a decline in the custom of primogeniture. Towards the end of the Kamakura period, inheritance began to be split among a lord's sons, making each heir's holdings, and thus their power, smaller.
"Stronger Together" is the second single from freestyle singer Shannon's second album Do You Wanna Get Away.
Nokdong station is a railway station on Gwangju Metro Line 1 in Nokdong, South Korea. The station is located near at the depot.
This article relating to rapid transit systems in South Korea is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about a railway station in South Korea is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Pelham station is a commuter rail stop on the Metro-North Railroad's New Haven Line, located in Pelham, New York. The station is one mile west of the New Haven Line's junction of the Northeast Corridor, and is located just east of the end of third rail power and start of overhead catenary power.
The Pelham station was built in 1893 by the New York, New Haven, and Hartford Railroad. As with all New Haven Line stations in Westchester County, the station became a Penn Central station upon acquisition by Penn Central in 1969, and eventually became part of the MTA's Metro-North Railroad. As of August 2006, weekday commuter ridership was 2,284, and there are 356 parking spots.
Mark Miyoshi is a Japanese-American taiko maker. He is the owner and principal craftsman at Miyoshi Daiko, based in Mt. Shasta, California.
Mark Miyoshi was born and raised in Greeley, Colorado. He attended the University of Colorado at Boulder where he was active in the Asian American Equal Opportunity Program (EOP).
Miyoshi is a founding member of Denver Taiko, the fourth taiko group in North America. In 1976, Denver Taiko started out with a dozen members and only two homemade drums donated by the Japanese American Association, so Miyoshi and the others learned how to make their own drums with the help of San Jose Taiko and Kinnara Taiko. Miyoshi left Denver Taiko in 1978 and moved to California.
In 1982, Miyoshi received his first commission from Denver Taiko for an okedo, the first okedo to be made in the United States. Miyoshi is also the first North American Taiko maker to laminate staves with finger joints and carve out the interior of the nagodo in order to improve the quality of the sound.
In the mid-1980s, Miyoshi began to make taiko full-time. He currently is the owner and principal craftsman at Miyoshi Daiko. Miyoshi Daiko produces Nagado, Shime-Daiko, Okedo-Daiko, Hira-Daiko and Uchi-wa Daiko in all sizes.
Miyoshi has made taiko for San Jose Taiko, Shasta Taiko, Kenny Endo, Chizuko Endo, Denver Taiko, Portland Taiko, Ondekoza, Stanford Taiko as well as many other North American and international taiko groups.
In 1989, Miyoshi was awarded a US/Japan Friendship Commission fellowship by the National Endowment for the Arts to study the art of taiko making in Japan.
USS Inca (ID-3219) was a tugboat acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War I. She was assigned to the Parris Island, South Carolina, Marine barracks. She served until 1 February 1919.
The fourth ship to be so named, Inca, an iron tug, was built in 1879 by J. H. Dialogue & Sons, Camden, New Jersey; and acquired by the Navy 31 July 1918. She commissioned 2 August 1918.
The tug was assigned to the 6th Naval District, headquartered at Charleston, South Carolina, and operated until after World War I ended at Parris Island Marine Barracks, South Carolina.
Laugh-Out-Loud Cats is a series of cartoons created by Adam "Ape Lad" Koford that features two anthropomorphic hobo cats named Kitteh and Pip. The series consists of mostly single-panel cartoons that combine internet memes associated with LOLcats (from which the series takes its name) and other forms of internet slang and contemporary humor with a visual style that pays homage to early 20th century comic strips such as Krazy Kat. 
 In January 2008, Koford published a small run of Meet the Laugh-Out-Loud Cats, the first Laugh-Out-Loud Cats book. In 2009, a second book was published by Abrams ComicArts: The Laugh-Out-Loud Cats Sell Out, with an introduction by comedian John Hodgman. 
The origins of the series can be traced to the development of society, the emergence of 'teen' culture, and the synthesis of exclusive slang use. 
As of January 2017, Koford has posted over 2,800 panels, which are presented on his blog HOBOTOPIA and on Flickr.
The 1935 Women's Western Open was a golf competition held at Sunset Ridge Country Club, the 6th edition of the event. Opal Hill won the championship in match play competition by defeating Mrs. S.L. Reinhart in the final match, 9 and 7.
Industrial Ethernet (IE) is the use of Ethernet in an industrial environment with protocols that provide determinism and real-time control. Protocols for industrial Ethernet include EtherCAT, EtherNet/IP, PROFINET, POWERLINK, SERCOS III, CC-Link IE, and Modbus TCP. Many industrial Ethernet protocols use a modified  Media Access Control (MAC) layer to provide low latency and determinism. Some microcontrollers such as Sitara provide industrial Ethernet support.
Some industrial networks emphasized deterministic delivery of transmitted data, whereas Ethernet used collision detection which made transport time for individual data packets difficult to estimate with increasing network traffic. Typically, industrial uses of Ethernet employ full-duplex standards and other methods so that collisions do not unacceptably influence transmission times.
When an industrial network must connect to an office network or external networks, a firewall system can be inserted to control exchange of data between the networks. This network separation preserves the performance and reliability of the industrial network.
Industrial environments are often much harsher, often subject to oil sprays, water sprays, and physical vibrations, so often industrial Ethernet requires a more rugged and watertight connector on one or both ends of the Cat-5 or Cat-6 cable, such as M12 connectors or M8 connectors, rather than the 8P8C connectors extremely commonly used in homes and businesses.
Programmable logic controllers (PLCs) communicate using one of several possible open or proprietary protocols, such as EtherNet/IP, Modbus, Sinec H1, Profibus, CANopen, DeviceNet or FOUNDATION Fieldbus. The idea to use standard Ethernet makes these systems more interoperable.
The 2000 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season was the 52nd F.I.M. Road Racing World Championship season.
Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Simultaneously, he began his career at the federal criminal courts of Argentina, reaching the status of clerk of the court after years of several promotions.
He completed postgraduate studies at the Laws and Economics Institute of the Complutense University of Madrid, Spain, as well as at the United Kingdom, where he was invited by the Foreign and Commonwealth Office and the British Council.
Before Garavano was appointed Attorney General of the city of Buenos Aires in 2007, he performed as Counselor of the Council of Magistracy of the city of Buenos Aires and judge at the Criminal Court No. 12 of the city. He was also elected vice-president of the Board of Trustees of Justice Studies Center of the Americas (CEJA-JSCA), chosen for this position by the General Assembly of the Organization of American States (OAS), proposed by the Argentine government.
In 2014 he was elected substitute Counsillor of Argentina's Council of Magistracy on representation of the lawyers of Buenos Aires, sharing the 4-year term with Adriana Donato.
He has written fifteen books and numerous articles on Law and judicial reform, some of which have received awards. Starting on April 2014, he also performed as the academic director of the non-governmental organization Unidos Por la Justicia. Regarding his personal life, Garavano is married and has three sons.
During his term as Minister, the United States declassified secret files about the so-called National Reorganization Process and gave them to Argentina's government. Garavano received around 50,000 digitalized pages of documents.
In 2018, when Italy's president Sergio Mattarella visited Argentina, he awarded Garavano with the Order of the Star of Italy.
From April 1968 to May 1977, Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union (for relations with socialist countries, member countries of the Council for Mutual Economic Assistance, member countries of the Warsaw Pact), at the same time since 1972, head of the Department of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union for communications with the communist and workers' parties of the socialist countries.
In 1985, he was appointed Chairman of the State Committee of the Soviet Union for Foreign Economic Relations.
Academician of the International Academy of Spiritual Unity of the Nations of the World, Academician and Professor of the Academy of Security, Defense and Law Enforcement Problems.
The Materials Testing Reactor (MTR) was an early nuclear reactor specifically designed to facilitate the conception and design of future reactors. It produced much of the foundational irradiation data that underlies the nuclear power industry. It operated in Idaho at the National Reactor Testing Station from 1952 to 1970.
The design evolution for MTR began in 1944 at Clinton Laboratories (now Oak Ridge National Laboratory), originally for the production of fission products. The concept evolved from a 50-kW  homogeneous reactor to a heavy-water-cooled and moderated core, and then again at the suggestion of Eugene Wigner to a 30 MW light-water-cooled and moderated core.
The Blaw-Knox Company was selected as the architect-engineer in July 1949 to complete the engineering design. Fluor was engaged in February 1950 as the construction contractor. Ground was broken for the MTR in May 1950, and construction was completed in February 1952. The first experimental tests were inserted in the reactor on August 2, 1952.
The reactor had a highly-enriched uranium core made of metallic plate-type uranium-aluminum fuel clad in aluminum. Eighteen plates of fuel were constructed into fuel assemblies. The core ran with between 21 and 23 assemblies. The reactor was cooled and moderated with water pumped through the fuel elements.
The core was surrounded by a beryllium neutron reflector held in an aluminum tank. Outside the tank was a space filled with graphite balls, and then block graphite. The graphite served to thermalize and reflect neutrons back into the core and to contain thermalized neutrons in a zone large enough to allow the placement of numerous experimental facilities. A thermal shield made of steel surrounded the graphite, and a 9-foot thick concrete biological shield surrounded that.
The graphite was cooled with forced air flow. This air became activated by the neutrons and included about 1500 Ci of Argon-41 per day, which was exhausted through the 250-ft stack located downwind of the reactor.
The reactor, the control room, the experimental facilities, and a fuel management canal were enclosed in a reactor building
About 25% of the uranium in each assembly was consumed before needing removal. Assemblies were cut in the reactor canal using an underwater saw in preparation for transport to the chemical separation process to reclaim the unused uranium.
Six Down Beam Holes provided space for additional removable material samples to be placed near the core.
Vertical Graphite Holes were positioned vertically in the graphite reflector to position samples in thermal neutron fields.
A Thermal Column Facility composed of a 6 ft square column of graphite extending from the outer face to the biological shield to the outer face of the outer thermal shield plate  had many holes with lower neutron and gamma radiation levels than the interior positions.
A Hydraulic Rabbit device capable of inserting and removing small samples into and out of the reactor was located in an extension of the main canal below the reactor. The system had 4 tubes. A similar Pneumatic Rabbit facility driven by compressed air provided rabbit services to the beryllium reflector.
Irradiation positions directly adjacent to the fuel assemblies were available through the Active Lattice Facilities. Material placed in these positions was cooled by the primary water coolant.
A Bulk Shielding Facility was designed to be located on the west side of the reactor for studying reactor shielding materials but was filled with high density concrete due to construction economy considerations.
Once operational, the MTR was constantly in high demand. It tested different candidate fuel forms for the US nuclear naval propulsion program, the proposed nuclear-powered bomber, reactors at the AEC's Savannah River weapons plant, and for prototype power reactors under development. 
The high flux of MTR was ideal for generating significant amounts of transplutonium nuclides, such as  Californium-252. MTR generated 30 micrograms of Cf-252 between 1952 and 1958. 
Atimura terminata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Francis Polkinghorne Pascoe in 1863.
He is the former Chairman of the Hong Kong Community Chest Fund and the Hong Kong Football Association.
This business-related Hong Kong biographical article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Chlorolestes umbratus, the white malachite is a species of damselfly in the family Synlestidae. It is endemic to southern South Africa. This species is found along rivers and streams in both forest and fynbos.
Although its range is restricted, and has declined in the past, this species is locally common and has recovered where alien tree species have been removed from waterways.
This biographical article related to Zambian association football is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
St. Peter's Seminary is a Roman Catholic seminary located in the Diocese of London, Ontario, Canada. The seminary is a fully accredited member of the Association of Theological Schools of the United States and Canada. St. Peter's Seminary is the major seminary of the Roman Catholic Diocese of London in Ontario. It is affiliated with King's University College, a Catholic affiliate of The University of Western Ontario. The current rector of St. Peter's Seminary is Father Denis Grecco.
St. Peter's Seminary is Canada's oldest English-speaking Roman Catholic diocesan seminary. Since it was founded by the Diocese of London in 1912, the seminary has produced more than 1,000 priests (including 23 who became bishops) and has educated permanent deacons and lay graduates.
St. Peter's seminary was founded by the Right Reverend Michael F. Fallon, OMI, who was the bishop of London at the time. The seminary opened its doors on September 15, 1912. The students were initially housed and taught in the Bishop's Residence, which later became the rectory of St. Peter's Cathedral Basilica. However, this building is no longer present.
St. Peter's Seminary Foundation is a public charitable organization whose sole purpose is to fundraise for St. Peter's Seminary so as to help build its faith and its future. The foundation does this by acting as a vehicle for fundraising, creating conditions for effective fundraising, mobilizing community support and exercising exemplary fiduciary and stewardship practices.
St.Peter's Seminary has graduated a number of notable alumni who have been elevated to the rank or bishop; they include:
The 2010 World Aesthetic Gymnastics Championships, the 11th edition of the Aesthetic group gymnastics competition, was held in Varna, Bulgaria from June 10 to 12, at the Palace of Culture and Sports.
Ginka Georgieva, Stasi Chapanova, Stefani Petrova, Kamelia Radeva, Natalia Toncheva, Preslava Valova, Daniela Nikolaeva, Julia Georgieva
The Pelham City School District is a public school district in Mitchell County, Georgia, based in Pelham. It serves the city of Pelham and the surrounding communities in Mitchell County.
Following Plaything's remixed version of their single "Do You See The Light" in 2002, Snap! re-worked and re-mixed their singles with various artists', leading the release of the album, "The Cult of Snap!" in 2003. Three additional singles were released; "Rhythm Is a Dancer (2003)", "The Power (Of Bhangra)" and "Ooops Up (2003)" and all charted in Germany.
James Pittillo was born between 1690 and 1698 in Scotland, likely in Perthshire. According to records in the British Archives of persons captured in the Jacobite rising of 1715 and deported to the colonies, James Pittillo was a laborer from the parish of Logierait in the ancient county of Perthshire (or Perth). Pittillo was captured at the Battle of Preston, tried, and transported on the ship Elizabeth and Anne to Virginia in June/July 1716.[citation needed]
In 1728, William Byrd II was commissioned to survey the boundary line between the colonies of Virginia and North Carolina. He assembled an expeditionary force of about twenty men, including Pittillo, whom he considered expert woodsmen and Indian traders. They set out on 5 March 1728. After six weeks, the survey work was halted. They renewed the expedition in September when the weather was cooler. Byrd listed James Pittillo as part of both his spring and fall expeditions.[citation needed]
In 1728, James Pittillo was appointed as a tobacco inspector in Bristol Parish.[citation needed] Tobacco was the important commodity crop of Virginia at the time; his position gave him influence in the parish, as he determined prices to be gained by planters. 
James Pittillo died about 1754 in Dinwiddie County, Virginia. His wife, Mary, and several children survived him.[citation needed]
1. James Pittillo was born 25 December 1725 in Bristol Parish, Prince George County, Virginia. He married Martha Burge about 1745. He died about 1782 in Brunswick County, Virginia. His widow, Martha, and oldest son James were shown on the 1788 Brunswick County Tax List.
2. Ann Pittillo was born 15 July 1728 in Bristol Parish, Prince George County, Virginia.  She married James Williams and they made their home in Lunenburg County, Virginia.
3. Henry Pittillo was born 31 October 1730 in Bristol Parish, Prince George County, Virginia. This man was not the Rev. Henry Pattillo (later of North Carolina), known as a Presbyterian minister and teacher.
5. Lucy S. Pittillo was born 11 November 1733 in Bristol Parish, Prince George County, Virginia. She may have married James Moses.
6. John Pittillo was born about 1734 in Bristol Parish, Prince George County, Virginia.  His first wife was probably a Millington.  His second wife was Rachel (surname unknown). John Pittillo died 10 April 1827 in Burke County, North Carolina.
Stuart Langridge (also known as 'Aq' or 'Zippy' ) is a podcaster, developer and author. He became a member of the Web Standards Project's DOM Scripting Task Force, an invited expert on the W3C HTML Working Group and is an acknowledged commentator on W3C Document Object Model and JavaScript techniques.
Langridge is known as a presenter of the now defunct LugRadio, which was a free software podcast in the UK. Along with Jono Bacon, he was the longest-serving member of the team and often served to incite discussion about issues that more directly related to software freedom. In LugRadio he frequently advocated freedom, yet despite this often attracted criticism for using proprietary software.
Langridge was involved in the Shot of Jaq podcast, in collaboration with his former Lugradio co-host Jono Bacon. He's now a part of the Bad Voltage podcast, together with Jono Bacon and Jeremy Garcia (founder of LinuxQuestions.org). Bryan Lunduke (founder of Jupiter Broadcasting) was also a founder member of the Bad Voltage podcast but has since moved on due to other commitments. The podcast first aired in October 2013.
He has worked on projects including Jokosher, a multi-track audio editor for GNOME, and Jackfield, a program to run Mac OS X Dashboard widgets under GNOME.
In January 2009 Langridge joined Canonical as a developer and left the company in 2013 to work as a freelancer for Kryogenix's consulting. At Canonical he worked on the Desktop Couch for Ubuntu in his role as Canonical Ltd. staffer.
Langridge has written two books for technical publisher SitePoint, DHTML Utopia, and Run Your Own Web Server Using Linux & Apache (with Tony Steidler-Dennison) as well as writing the Stylish Scripting weblog during 2005.
Liga Deportiva Universitaria de Quito's 1972 season was the club's 42nd year of existence, the 19th year in professional football and the 13th in the top level of professional football in Ecuador.
Chango inc was an online marketing company in the field of data-driven digital advertising, specializing in search retargeting and programmatic marketing.
The company was founded in 2008, acquired by Rubicon Project in 2015 for $122 million, and closed down in 2017 after its performance did not meet expectations. It used to be headquartered in Toronto with sales offices in NYC, San Francisco, Chicago, Los Angeles, Atlanta, Seattle, Austin and London.
The company was founded in Toronto by Chris Sukornyk. Sukornyk previously co-founded the X-Stream Network, Bubbleshare and FiveLimes. Sukornyk devoted the first 12 months on research and development.
In November 2012, Chango Inc., secured $12 million in funding. All of Chango's existing investors including iNovia, Rho Canada Ventures, Metamorphic Ventures, Mantella Venture Partners and Extreme Venture Partners took their full allocation in the round.
In addition to Chris Sukornyk and Mazdak Rezvani, Chango's founding team includes Internet and Display media veteran Dax Hamman (CPO and ex head of Display Media at iCrossing). in 2012, Chango hired Paul McIntyre (VP of Operations ex Conversant), and recently hired Keith Lorizio (CRO and ex Microsoft) to take Chango to new levels.
Most recently, Chango was recognized in Deloitte's Technology Fast 50 program and was ranked first overall in Canada with a growth rate of 69,800% 
Rubicon the company that acquired Chango in 2015 decided to shut down the project in 2017 stating that the company did not meet performance expectations.
Chango was one of the pioneers to offer Search Retargeting[citation needed]. The company serves display ads to potential customers based on their recent search activity. As of the first quarter of 2013, Chango was working with 75 of the top 500 Internet Retailers.[citation needed]
Chango claims to be able to capture the recent search activity of hundreds of millions of users, using anonymous cookies. The company then re-targets display advertisement to users if they match a specific campaign. Display advertisement is purchased through a Demand Side Platform (DSP) that operates across multiple ad networks, such as appnexus, rubicon and double click.[citation needed]
Chango is a member of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI). This allows consumers to "opt out" of the search retargeting campaigns delivered by Chango and partners. The company says that it does not capture Personally Identifiable Information (PII).[citation needed]
In December 2012, Chango Inc. integrated directly with Facebook to bring search intent data to social media targeting.
More recently, Chango Inc released the industry's first programmatic marketing platform, which combines Data Management Platform (DMP) with Demand Side Platform (DSP) capabilities.[citation needed]
This article about a Bharatiya Janata Party politician from Delhi is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Ryan Samuel Brunt (born 26 May 1993) is an English semi-professional footballer who plays as a forward for National League South club Chippenham Town.
Brunt joined fellow National League South side Chippenham Town on 9 October 2020, signing a short-term deal.
Per Japanese census data, the population of Ichinohe peaked in the 1950s has declined steadily over the past 60 years.
Ichinohe has a mayor-council form of government with a directly elected mayor and a unicameral town council of 14 members. Ichinohe, and the city of Ninohe together contribute two seats to the Iwate Prefectural legislature. In terms of national politics, the town is part of Iwate 2nd district of the lower house of the Diet of Japan.
Ichinohe has seven public elementary schools and four public middle schools operated by the town government, and two public high schools operated by the Iwate Prefectural Board of Education. The prefecture also operates two special education schools for the handicapped.
Kahama is a town in north-western Tanzania. The town serves as the headquarters of Kahama Urban District.
She attended Laurel School in Shaker Heights, Ohio. She graduated from Smith College with a BA in English.  She studied at the Corcoran School of Art, and graduated from the University of Texas at San Antonio with an MFA.
She moved to New York City in 1979.  as her art career prospered but she continued to return to her home in San Antonio throughout her life and lived at home in San Antonio in her final years. She spent her summers in Sagaponack, New York, where she painted, enjoyed the beach and the special light of Long Island with her family and friends.
Her work is in the Guggenheim Museum, Brooklyn Museum, Newark Museum, Cleveland Museum of Art, San Antonio Museum of Art, McNay Art Museum and National Museum of Women in the Arts.
FBXO11 is conserved from nematodes to mammals, and both human FBXO11 and its worm ortholog (DRE-1) form functional SCF ubiquitin ligase complexes. By binding to and mediating the degradation of its substrate proteins, FBXO11 plays important roles in regulating cell cycle regulation, tumorigenesis, and tumor cell metastasis. Well established targets of FBXO11 include BCL6, CDT2, and Snail.
Arsenaria strictalis is a species of snout moth in the genus Arsenaria. It was described by Hans Georg Amsel in 1949 and is known from Iran.
Bolundra is a village, princely state and Taluka in Modasa, India. The village (Ta - Modasa) is in Aravalli district in Gujarat state, western India, on the bank of the River Meshvo.[citation needed]
The taluka was ranked a Sixth Class state, the lowest in the classification of the colonial Mahi Kantha Agency, and was ruled by Rajput chieftains. It covered six square miles, comprising five villages, and had a combined population in 1901 of 740, yielding a state revenue of 2,499 rupees (1903-4, mostly from land), paying a tribute of 134 rupees to Idar State.
This article about a location in Sabarkantha district, Gujarat, India is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Prior to founding SheFinds.com, Madhok served as group director of editorial products for women at AOL.
She was educated at University of California, Berkeley, achieving a BS in Communications and an MS  in Marketing from Northwestern University.
On September 10, 2005 Michelle married entrepreneur and internet maven Michael Palka whom she met via Match.com. They live on the west side of Manhattan.
This article about a chief executive from the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about an American businessperson born in the 1970s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Joseph Samachson was born on October 13, 1906 in Trenton, New Jersey, the son of Russian Jewish parents, Anna (Roshansky) and David Louis Samachson, a businessman.
Samachson died of complications from Parkinson's disease on June 2, 1980 in Chicago, Illinois. He was survived by his wife, now deceased, a son, Michael Samachson, and a daughter, the photographer Miriam Berkley.
As a writer, Samachson translated a number of scientific papers, and in addition to his scientific work, earned a well-deserved reputation as an author, writing books for young people such as Mel Oliver and Space Rover on Mars, which was also published in a Dutch translation.
He is believed to have begun working for DC Comics in late 1942, working on comics scripts for characters notably including Batman. He also wrote scripts for comics and characters including Sandman, Green Arrow, Airwave and Robotman, as well as "a string of 17 science-fiction stories in 1955 and 1956".
In 1975, DC Comics adapted an unused story he wrote in the 1940s featuring the Seven Soldiers of Victory into a six-part serial in Adventure Comics #438-443.
With his wife Dorothy Samachson, he wrote about theater ("Let's Meet the Theatre" and "The Dramatic Story of the Theatre"), music ("Masters of Music" and The Fabulous World of Opera), ballet, archeology (Good Digging) and a number of other titles, including Rome, a Rand McNally "Cities of the World" title.
In addition, Samachson was a frequent contributor to scientific journals and the author of The Armor Within Us: The Story of Bone.
At Ablaincourt-Pressoir (Somme), a new station, Gare TGV Haute-Picardie, is served only by inter-regional TGVs. At Croisilles, Pas-de-Calais, a junction leads to the Agny link towards Arras. The LGV crosses the A1 autoroute at Seclin (Nord).
At present, only Deutsche Bahn has applied for use of the line and in 2009 regulations were relaxed to allow its trains to use the Channel Tunnel. Other proposals are yet to be formalised.
In September 2008, Air France-KLM indicated a desire to take advantage of the change in the law and apply to run rail services. However, in October 2009, Air France withdrew its interest. This led to Veolia looking for new partners, with the announcement that it would begin working on new proposals in cooperation with Trenitalia to run services from Paris to Strasbourg, London and Brussels.
Spanish railway operator RENFE has also shown an interest in running AVE services from Spain to London via Paris, Lyon, Barcelona and Madrid via its AVE network which is connected to France via the Barcelona to Figueras and Perpignan to Figueras lines.
Speranza quadrilinearia is a species of geometrid moth in the family Geometridae. It is found in Central America and North America.
John F. Kennedy High School (simply referred to as Kennedy High School) is a public high school in Richmond, California, United States. It was established in 1967 and is part of the West Contra Costa Unified School District. Built on the site of Granada Junior High, the school adopted the red and white colors and Eagle mascot from Harry Ells High School, which at that time was slated for closure.
A $500,000 grant from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services in 2015 made it possible to open a health clinic, which serves students at the school and South Richmond residents.
Kennedy's mascot is the Eagles. The school competes in the Tri-County Athletic League of the Bay Shore Conference in California's North Coast Section.
The school fields boys' sports teams in baseball, basketball, cross country, football, soccer, and track and field.
In track and field, the Kennedy boys won both the Meet of Champions and the Bay Championships Meet in 1974.
The school fields girls' sports teams in basketball, cross country, soccer, softball, track and field, and volleyball.
In 2013, the Kennedy girls sprinters team finished first in both the 3rd Annual Tiger Invite at South Pasadena High School, and the 46th Annual Arcadia Invitational at Arcadia High School, a track and field event that involved more than six hundred schools from over thirty states. Kennedy student Takkarist McKinley won first place at Arcadia in the boy's 200-meter dash.
Also in 2013, the girls basketball team advanced to its first state basketball game at the NorCal Division III playoffs.
88.0% of the students were eligible for free or reduced-cost lunch, and it qualified as a Title I school.
The school is the location of the renovated Richmond Swim Center, which provides facilities for the school and the community.
Billboard Top R&B Records of 1949 is made up of two year-end charts compiled by Billboard magazine ranking the year's top rhythm and blues records based on record sales and juke box plays.
North of Kunka there is a stream called Hatun K'uchu (Quechua for "big corner", Hispanicized Atuncucho). It is an affluent of the Willkanuta River which originates near the pass.
This Peru mountain, mountain range, or peak related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
George A. Burk is a retired captain in the United States Air Force, writer, and motivational speaker. Burk was the sole survivor of an Air Force airplane crash in 1970.  He has written several books about his experiences.
On January 1, 1999, George's first book was published, "The Bridge Never Crossed: A Survivor's Search for Meaning".  Reporter Deborah Weisberg of the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette wrote a review about The Bridge Never Crossed, Deborah Weisberg, Reporter, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette Comment on The Bridge Never Crossed.
On June 19, 2014 a memorial was dedicated at the crash site of "Visco 57" in which Captain Burk attended along with family members of others who died on the flight. "Memorial bench dedication for USAF flight 'Visco 57' south of Petaluma" on YouTube
The company imports steel, chemical raw stock, and machine tools. It produces machine tools, metal parts, gears, electric motors, generators, hydroelectric generators, pumps, valves, mining equipment, rolling stock and other machinery.
The Taean Heavy Machine Complex in Tongdaewon produces hydroelectric generators and other thermal power generating equipment, including turbines, motors, transformers, etc. Taean manufactures different sizes classes of hydroelectric equipment in its Tongsuse Class, including a 50,000 kVA generator.
Huichon Machine Tool Factory in Huichon is North Korea's leading manufacturer of heavy-duty machine tools for domestic use and for export.[citation needed] The 50-year-old factory group is involved in machine tool production processes including steel-making, casting, processing, assembly, painting and packing. Product is produced on serial basis and small lot basis.
Its output of precision machine tools includes an assortment of spline-grinding machines and industrial lathes.
Endre Hellestveit (born 7 August 1976 in Rosendal in Kvinnherad) is a Norwegian actor.  He plays Isachsen in the Varg Veum series of crime films.
Hellestveit was previously a ski instructor at Gautefall in Telemark before he joined the military service in Norway. He was there for just two years and served in their diving squad. He then continued his studies in Australia, but ended up at BI Norwegian Business School in Bergen. He was then taken up by the Norwegian National Academy of Theatre in Oslo.
In 2014, Bethan Knights ran in the Pac-12 Conference. Bethan's 5th place at Pre-NCAA on October 18, 2014 was the highest of any Pac-12 runner. Bethan garnered All Conference (3rd place), All Region (4th place), and All American honors (25th place) in her California Golden Bears Cross country freshman campaign.
In 2015, Bethan opened her outdoor campaign by winning Cal Open 1500m in 4:21. Bethan did not score in the 1500 m against Stanford University in their dual big meet but ran a pb in 4:19.60. She did not score in a 9th place 10,000 m finish in the Pac-12 Conference at UCLA. Bethan ended her outdoor ncaa season as a 2nd team all-American 5000 meters runner by placing 16th.
On September 26, 2015, Bethan won the Roy Griak Invitational in Minneapolis with a time of 20:53.8, edging Boise State freshman Allie Ostrander by 15 seconds.
On February 27, 2016, Bethan earned a silver medal at the 2016 Mountain Pacific Sports Federation Indoor Track and Field Championships in 3000 metres and won gold medal in the Distance medley relay in 2nd best time in Cal Bears history.
In 2016, Bethan opened her outdoor campaign as a runner-up Big Ten - Pac 12 Invitational 1500m in 4:20.83. Bethan ran 5000 m at Stanford University Invitational in 15:52.91. She raced 3000 m against Stanford University in their dual big meet finished second in 9:18.55. She scored in a 3rd place 5,000 m finish in the Pac-12 Conference at University of Washington. Bethan ended her season as a 28th place in 5000 meters at NCAA Women's Division I Outdoor Track and Field Championships.
In high school, Knights won the 2013 California state cross country title and the 2014 CIF California State Meet title at 3200 meters after finishing second in 2012 and the 2013 CIF California State Meet title at 3200 meters while running for Northwood High School in Irvine, California. She also competed in the Foot Locker Cross Country Championships as a senior of her prep career. She is signed to run for the University of California, Berkeley under coaches Tony Sandoval and Shayla Houlihan.
She improved upon Aisling Cuffe's listed U.S. high school record in the Girl's 2 mile 9:53.54 while winning the 2014 Brooks PR Meet in Seattle, Washington
Orange County Girls cross country runner of the year Orange County Varsity Girls track AOW June 9 Orange County Championships 2014 Varsity Girls track athlete of the meet 2014 Orange County Athletic Directors Association Pacific Coast League MVP 2014 FloTrack Girls 2 mile national record  United States High School Outdoor 2014 Rankings 1600 metres: 3rd Mile: 24th 3000 metres: 7th 3200 metres: 1st 2 Mile: 1st
Knights is an alumna of Northwood High School (Irvine, California) located in Irvine, California. She runs collegiately for the University of California, Berkeley.  While currently a British citizen, she has stated she intends to apply for U.S. citizenship.
The Anticosti Group is a geologic group in Quebec. It preserves fossils dating back to the Silurian period.
This article about a specific stratigraphic formation in Canada is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This biographical article about a person notable in connection with Judaism is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Coscoroba swans have escaped or been deliberately released in to Florida, USA, but there is no evidence that the population is breeding and may only persist due to continuing releases or escapes.
The coscoroba swan feeds on various plant matter, small aquatic insects, and small fish. The female incubates the eggs, while the male stands guard and aggressively helps to protect the fledglings against predators after hatching. Coscoroba swans live to an age of approximately twenty years.
Jan Hejda (born June 18, 1978) is a Czech former professional ice hockey defenceman who played with the Edmonton Oilers, the Columbus Blue Jackets and the Colorado Avalanche in the National Hockey League (NHL).
Hejda was originally selected in the 4th round, 106th overall in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft by the Buffalo Sabres. He played six seasons with HC Slavia Praha of the Czech Extraliga, two seasons with HC CSKA Moscow of the Russian Super League, and one season with Khimik Moscow Oblast, also of the Russian Super League.
In July 2006, Hejda was traded to the Edmonton Oilers by the Sabres in exchange for a seventh-round draft pick. He was then signed to his first NHL contract by the Oilers, to a one-year deal the same week.
Hejda resides in Denver, Colorado and is married to his wife Tereza with whom he has two children, a daughter, Natalia, and son, Matheas. He coached his son's youth team at the   9280 Pond Hockey Tournament in Keystone. He has the role of Director of Player Development of Europe/Western U.S. for Edge Sports Management.
This biographical article related to association football in the Czech Republic, about a defender, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Lawrence E. Blume is the Distinguished Arts and Sciences Professor of Economics and Professor of Information Science at Cornell University, US.
Blume was one of the general editors of The New Palgrave Dictionary of Economics, to which he contributed several articles on mathematical economics: Convexity, convex programming, and duality.  Currently he is the associate editor of the Journal of Economic Literature.
Anne Charleston (born  30 December 1942) is an Australian-born actress, notable for her career locally and in the United Kingdom in theatre and television. 
Charleston's best known roles are the soap opera Neighbours as Madge Bishop and in British soap Emmerdale as Lily Butterfield, she had recurring roles in internationally  successful cult series drama Prisoner and its re-imaging series Wentworth
Anne Charleston first became widely recognisable in Australia in the early 1970s on television, taking various guest roles in the Crawford Productions police dramas Homicide, Division 4 and Matlock Police. Other appearances included guest roles in other Crawford's adventure series Hunter (1967) and Ryan (1973), and in Network Ten-produced police drama The Long Arm (1971).
Charleston had also enjoyed a busy career acting in the Australian theatre. With St. Martin's Theatre she acted in Wrong Side of the Park, The Irregular Verb, To Love, Angels in Love, A Far Country, The Anniversary, Invitation to a March, Eden House, The Cavern, Have you Any Dirty Washing Mother Dear, Blithe Spirit and Children's Day.
She also appeared in J C Williamson's Woman in a Dressing Gown starring Googie Withers, Juggler's Three for the Melbourne Theatre Company Workshop, and The Secretary Bird starring Patrick Macnee. Other theatre includes Busybody, Port Wine, Night of the Ding Dong, Burst of Summer, Murder in the Cathedral, The Rivals, The Tower, Everyman, Antigone, The Man of Destiny, Otherwise Engaged and The Shifting Heart.
In 1986, Charleston was cast as Madge Bishop (Mitchell) in the Australian soap opera Neighbours. Madge was a new character added to the series when it switched to Network Ten. The series became popular in Australia and the United Kingdom in the years following. Through the series Charleston became internationally recognised, and won a Penguin Award in 1987 for Best Actress.
In 1989, Charleston took on the role of another 'Madge', Madge Allsop in an episode of The Dame Edna Experience on ITV in the UK, when Dame Edna Everage asked Doctor Christiaan Barnard to give her bridesmaid a face lift. Dame Edna didn't like Madge's new face, so asked the surgeon to reverse the operation restoring Emily Perry to the role.
In 2013 Charleston played a role in the Prisoner remake, Wentworth. The role saw her portraying the mother-in-law of prisoner Lizzy Birdsworth.
After leaving Neighbours for the first time, Charleston lived in Ireland for several years, and returned there after leaving the series again in 2001. With the high levels of popularity enjoyed by Neighbours in the UK, Charleston has now relaunched her career there, and has undertaken theatre and radio work in the UK and Ireland since leaving Neighbours in 2001, and is also a regular performer in pantomime. Also in 2001, she appeared on Lily Savage's Blankety Blank.
She took the role of Dossa in comedy series Dossa and Joe and then had the regular role of Betty Waddell in the relaunched series of Crossroads in 2003. In 2004 she was a contestant in the second series of the Living TV reality television show, I'm Famous and Frightened!
In 2005, she had cosmetic surgery performed on her neck, live on British television, on the Channel 5 programme, Cosmetic Surgery Live. In the same year, she also "regressed into a previous life", as a poor Irish farm girl, when she appeared in the programme Have I Been Here Before?.
In late 2006 Charleston joined the cast of Emmerdale, originating the character of Lily Butterfield, the estranged sister of Edna Birch (Shirley Stelfox) who arrives to attend her great niece Eve's wedding blessing. Unbeknown to Edna and Lily, Edna's son Peter has invited them both to try to get them to make amends. However, a dark family secret will ensure their reunion does not run smoothly.
Charleston has appeared in theatre roles both locally and internationally in her native Australia her theatre credits go back to the early 1960s
In January 2010 it was announced that Charleston would be joining the touring production of Calendar Girls as Jessie (Miss January).
In July 2012, it was revealed that Charleston would appear alongside Mischa Barton in an Irish stage production of Steel Magnolias. Charleston will play Ouiser Boudreaux in the production, which will premiere at the Gaiety Theatre, Dublin in September and will be followed by a nationwide tour. In August 2012, Charleston was a contestant on BBC TV's Celebrity Masterchef.
In 2012, Charleston toured the UK in a production of The Cemetery Club alongside Anita Harris, Shirley Anne Field and Peter Ellis.
National conservatism is a variant of conservatism common in Europe and North America that concentrates on upholding national and cultural identity, usually combining this nationalist concern with conservative stances promoting traditional values.
The majority of conservative parties in post-communist Central and Eastern Europe since 1989 have been national conservative.
National conservative parties are "socially traditional", and support the traditional family and social stability. According to the Austrian political scientist Sieglinde Rosenberger, "national conservatism praises the family as a home and a center of identity, solidarity, and tradition". Many national conservatives are thus social conservatives, as well as in favor of limiting immigration and enacting strict law-and-order policies.
The following political parties have been characterised as national conservative, at least as one of their ideological influences.
General elections were held in Dominica on 24 March 1975. The result was a victory for the Dominica Labour Party, which won 16 of the 21 seats. Voter turnout was 79.0%. 
The 296th traces its history back to the Spanish colonization of the Americas as an infantry militia constituted on May 17, 1762, as part of the reorganization of the Milicias Disciplinadas (English: "Disciplined Militias") decreed by Spain. However, on February 12, 1870, the militia were reduced to en cadre until their disbandment in April 1898 after Puerto Rico was ceded to the United States.[a]
After WWII, the 296th simply served as the sister National Guard regiment of the 65th Infantry Regiment. With the outbreak of the Korean War in June 1950, the 65th Infantry Regiment was ordered to Korea. While the 65th Infantry Regiment was on its way, the 296th was mobilized on September 14, 1952, so that it could provide replacements to its sister company deployed in Korea, like many other National Guards did.
Most recently, the 1st Battalion, 296th Infantry Regiment was deployed in 2002 in support of Operation Enduring Freedom as part of the Global War on Terrorism. It also deployed to the Iraq War while attached to the 3rd Armored Cavalry Regiment.
U.S. Soldiers with the 1st Battalion, 296th Infantry Regiment, Puerto Rico Army National Guard, conduct a skills presentation at Camp Santiago Joint Maneuver Training Center, in Salinas, Puerto Rico, during a change of responsibility and retirement ceremony for the 1st Battalion, 296th Infantry Regiment senior enlisted advisor, Command Sgt. Maj. Angel Alvarado, April 27, 2013.
A member of the Puerto Rico Army National Guard, Bravo Company, 1/296th Infantry Regiment patrols outside Camp Delta, December 8, 2010. The regiment is supporting the Joint Task Force Guantanamo mission.
The overall concept of grammar-translation has been criticized since few verifiable sources support the existence of such a method until the 19th century.
Users of foreign language want to note things of their interest in the literature of foreign languages. Therefore, this method focuses on reading and writing and has developed techniques which facilitate more or less the learning of reading and writing only. As a result, speaking and listening are overlooked.
There is usually no listening or speaking practice, and very little attention is placed on pronunciation or any communicative aspects of the language.  The skill exercised is reading and then only in the context of translation.
[T]hough it may be true to say that the Grammar-Translation Method is still widely practiced, it has no advocates. It is a method for which there is no theory. There is no literature that offers a rationale or justification for it or that attempts to relate it to issues in linguistics, psychology, or educational theory.
Laxmi Nagar is a village in the Nicobar district of Andaman and Nicobar Islands, India. It is located in the Great Nicobar tehsil. It is the location of India's southernmost land tip, Indira Point.
Laxmi Nagar and Joginder Nagar were originally Shompen camping sites. The Shompens deserted the place when forests were cleared to make way for a village of ex-servicemen.
According to the 2011 census of India, Laxmi Nagar has 13 households. The effective literacy rate (i.e. the literacy rate of population excluding children aged 6 and below) is 63.6%.
Mike Hawker (born June 25, 1956) was a Republican member of the Alaska House of Representatives, representing the 28th District from 2003 to 2017. He served as Chair of the Legislative Council and  the Legislative Budget & Audit Committee. He is former Co-chair of the Finance Committee and Ways and Means Committees. Mike Hawker is also a retired Certified Public Accountant and an Accounting and Management Consultant.
Mr. Hawker was born and raised in Manchester, Iowa, graduating from West Delaware High School. He received a Bachelor of Arts in Accounting and Humanities, and his public accountant certification from the University of Northern Iowa in 1979.
Representative Hawker has a wife: Carol Carlson, the daughter of John Carlson, who was mayor of the Fairbanks North Star Borough from 1968 to 1982.
A picket boat is a type of small naval craft. These are used for harbor patrol and other close inshore work, and have often been carried by larger warships as a ship's boat. They range in size between 30 and 55 feet.
Patrol boats, or any craft engaged in sentinel duty, are sometimes referred to as picket boats, using "picket" in the generic sense, even if much larger than actual picket boats.
GameChanger is a US-based technology company whose mobile app and website provide scorekeeping, stats, video streaming, and recap stories to teams and connected fans at the local level. The platform supports features for sports including baseball, softball, and basketball.
Over 24 million games have been scored on GameChanger corresponding to over 500,000 active scoring teams across multiple sports in all age groups.
GameChanger is free for coaches, scorekeepers and team admins. GameChanger uses the Freemium model to generate most of its revenue. Some content, such as live game scores and game stat overviews, is free and accessible to all with a GameChanger account. Premium Fan Content, such as a live GameStream of plays, box scores, season stats, recap stories, and in-game alerts, requires a monthly or yearly Fan Subscription. @gamechangerup42
In June 2018, the company branched out to the clinic business following a new partnership with USA Baseball. GameChanger is currently led by Sameer Ahuja and is wholly owned by DICK'S Sporting Goods.
GameChanger automatically calculates over 150 stats for baseball and softball teams. GameChanger is the first company to attempt to quantify the Quality At-Bat when it created its QAB stat. The QAB stat is a developmental stat that attempts to minimize the effect of luck while valuing the batting process over the results of the at-bat.
This article about a railway station in the Indian state of West Bengal is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Being able to recognise enterprises as open, socio-technological, economic, multifaceted and networked systems, the IfU helps to describe and explain the complex phenomena which occur within these contexts.
The Institute for Management Cybernetics e.V. (IfU) forms an institute cluster with the Center for Learning and Knowledge Management and the Department of Information Management in Mechanical Engineering at the RWTH Aachen University.
The IfU carried out projects in several areas of expertise; these cover cost-effectiveness, micro and start-up enterprises, co-operations processes and change management and are explained below in more detail.
Consequently, several projects profited from this method; NowBITs - investments in computing services were valued and a code of practice was compiled. AutoPreforms - the efficient manufacture of fibre reinforced composites in the car industry.
Additionally, with the intent to help enterprises use limited resources more efficiently by converting relevant information into applicable knowledge, the IfU researches success factors in co-operations processes and co-ordinates corresponding joint projects. To illustrate the work carried out in this field, in project SENEKA (Service networks for Education and Further Education ) the IfU has co-ordinated the cross-sectional task of innovation management.
Corina Newsome is an American ornithologist, birder, science communicator, and graduate student at Georgia Southern University. In response to the racism faced by Black birder Christian Cooper in Central Park, Newsome co-organized Black Birders Week to celebrate Black birders.
Newsome grew up in Germantown, Philadelphia, and obtained her Bachelor of Arts in zoo and wildlife biology from Malone University in 2015. She was inspired to pursue a career in ornithology after learning about blue jays in her ornithology field class. Newsome is currently a graduate student at Georgia Southern University, focusing on avian conservation.
Newsome worked as a zookeeper at the Nashville Zoo, where she specialised in outreach, environmental education, and training animals. She has also worked at the Philadelphia Zoo and Cleveland Metroparks Zoo. Currently, Newsome's graduate research is focused on studying the roles of climate change and predation on MacGillivray's seaside sparrows.
Newsome developed the Pathway to Animal Care Careers program at the Nashville Zoo and served as the director of the Malone University Wildlife Careers Program to provide career exposure to high school students from low income backgrounds.
Mount Lawit (Gunung Lawit) is a mountain on the island of Borneo. It is 1767 metres tall and sits on the international border between Indonesia and Malaysia. On the Indonesian side of the border, the mountain is within the Betung Kerihun National Park.
Mercer is the only university of its size in the United States that offers programs in eleven diversified fields of study: liberal arts, business, education, music, engineering, medicine, nursing, pharmacy, law, theology, and continuing and professional studies. Mercer enrolls approximately 8,300 students in its eleven colleges and schools.
When Green Bay Bombers and Madison Mad Dogs owner Keary Ecklund announced his intentions to start a new league in 1999, Indoor Football League (IFL), Shafer stood by him and proclaimed the Wildcats would be a part of the IFL. Although the Colorado Wildcats ceased operations, much of the roster and staff transitioned to become the Rocky Mountain Thunder, competing in the newly-formed Indoor Professional Football League (IPFL) for the 1999 season.
Sangrampur railway station is a Kolkata Suburban Railway Station on the Diamond Harbour Branch line. It is under the jurisdiction of the Sealdah railway division in the Eastern Railway zone of the Indian Railways. Sangrampur railway station is situated beside Mandirbazar Road at Sangrampur, South 24 Parganas district in the Indian state of West Bengal.
The platform is very much well sheltered. The station possesses many facilities including water and sanitation. There is a proper approach road to this station.
This article about a railway station in the Indian state of West Bengal is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The 2018 Manila Stars season is the 1st season of the franchise in the Maharlika Pilipinas Basketball League (MPBL).
Radio Feniks is a Bosnian local Commercial radio station, broadcasting from Bosanska Dubica/Kozarska Dubica, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Radio Feniks was founded on 6 May 1997 in Prijedor, where it operated until 22 February 2002 after which radio station was relocated to current location in Bosanska Dubica/Kozarska Dubica.
Program is mainly produced in Serbian language at one FM frequency (Bosanska Dubica/Kozarska Dubica 94.7 MHz ) and it is available in the Bosanska Dubica/Kozarska Dubica area and in neighboring Croatia.
Malawian athletes have so far achieved qualifying standards in the following athletics events (up to a maximum of 3 athletes in each event at the 'A' Standard, and 1 at the 'B' Standard).
Veteran director K Balachander who has won several accolades for memorable films was part of his troupe where he acted and wrote scripts. The INA closed down a decade later and Raghavan entered the cinema world and acted in supporting roles. He has acted in around 1000 films and has also featured in many MGR films. He is also very well known for his role in the TV serial Anni created by K Balachander.
In 1949 Fairweather started a band with his school friend Sandy Brown. In 1953 the pair went south to London with Stan Greig recorded a number of sides for Esquire Records as the Sandy Brown and the Fairweather-Brown All Stars. They performed at the Royal Festival Hall.
When Brown went back to Scotland to finish his architecture studies, Fairweather joined the Cy Laurie Jazz Band.  From 1966 to 1968, he worked for clarinetist Acker Bilk. Following a second career as a teacher in Harrow, London, Fairweather returned to Edinburgh in 1987, where he remained and played until his death in 1993 at the age of 66.
This article about a jazz musician from the United Kingdom is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Murray was the second son of John Murray, 3rd Duke of Atholl. He was Archdeacon of Man from 1787 to 1801.  On 19 November 1800, Murray was nominated bishop of St. David's. He was elected on 6 December, confirmed on 7 and consecrated on 11 February 1801.  He caught a chill waiting for his carriage on leaving the House of Lords, and died at Cavendish Square on 3 June 1803.
The James H. Bolton House is a historic house located at 117 West Washington Street in Bath, Steuben County, New York.
It was built in 1909, and is a 2 1/2-story, Queen Anne style frame dwelling. It is sheathed in clapboard and has a cross-gable roof with roof brackets and scalloped shingles on the gable ends. It features a broad porch with a square spindle balustrade between equally spaced rounded columns with Doric order capitals.
This article about a historic property or district  in Steuben County, New York, that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The peninsula and surrounding sand bars that now form the Toronto Islands were surveyed in 1792 by Lieutenant Joseph Bouchette of the Royal Navy. D.W. Smith's Gazetteer recorded in 1813 that "the long beach or peninsula, which affords a most delightful ride, is considered so healthy by the Indians that they resort to it whenever indisposed". Many Indigenous communities were located between the peninsula's base and the Don River. The peninsula was actually a series of many sand spits and ponds.
During the 1790s, the British built the first buildings on the island. The Gibraltar Point Blockhouse and storage structures were built at Gibraltar Point in 1794. The garrison was known as the Blockhouse Bay garrison, and it supported the garrison on the mainland. By 1800, another blockhouse and a guard house were built. These were destroyed in the Battle of York. Another garrison was built, but it was abandoned by 1823 and demolished in 1833.
In 1899, there was a colony of eight summer tenants on Ward's Island paying $10 rent for the season. By 1913, the number of tents pitched had increased to the point where the city felt it necessary to organize the community into streets, and the tents eventually evolved into a seasonal cottage community.
In 1894, a land reclamation project by the Toronto Ferry Company created space for an amusement park at Hanlan's Point. In 1897, the Hanlan's Point Stadium was built alongside the amusement park for the Toronto Maple Leaf baseball team. The stadium was rebuilt several times over the years, and in 1914, Babe Ruth hit his first professional home run into the waters of Lake Ontario from this stadium. In the 1920s, the Maple Leaf team moved to a new stadium on the mainland.
From 1915 to 1916, a temporary wooden hangar was built at the beach by the Curtiss Flying School. This floatplane aerodrome was used for flight training for World War I.
In 1852, a storm flooded sand pits on the peninsula, creating a channel east of Ward's Island. The channel was widened and made permanent by a violent storm on April 13, 1858. The channel became known as the Eastern Gap. The peninsula to the west became known as the Toronto Islands. To the east of the Gap, the area of today's Cherry Beach was known as "Fisherman's Island".
A community of about 300 homes is located on the Toronto Islands, concentrated at the eastern end of the island chain on Ward's Island and Algonquin Island. Under the terms of the Toronto Islands Residential Community Stewardship Act there are strict rules under provincial law governing the buying and selling of these homes.
Artscape Gibraltar Point (formerly The Gibraltar Point Centre for the Arts) occupies buildings previously used by the Toronto Island Public School, and comprises more than 15 artist work studios occupied by a mix of painters, ceramists, sculptors, musicians, theatre companies, and a recording studio. The centre provides a long and short-term studio and bedroom rental service for artists, together with meeting, conference and special event services and an artist residency program.
Centreville Amusement Park is a children's amusement park which was built in 1967 with a 1900s-style turn-of-the-century theme. The park includes a miniature railway and an antique carousel and is open daily in summer. The Far Enough Farm is nearby and displays common farm livestock and birds. The Franklin's Garden children's garden was created in the 2000s and is located to the west of the Avenue of the Islands. A splash pad, hedge maze, and playground is also located nearby.
On the western side of Ward's Island is a world-class flying disc golf course. There are public tennis courts located at Hanlan's Point and a community tennis club at the Ward's Island Tennis Club.
Until 2007, Caribana held an annual arts festival at Olympic Island on the August long weekend. Other Island events include the Olympic Island Festival, an annual rock concert held from 2004 until 2010. It was initiated in 2004 by Sloan's Jay Ferguson. The Wakestock festival has also been held on the islands. Starting in 1975, the Canadian Open Frisbee Championships were held on Olympic and Ward's Island.
Other TDSB schools attended by students that live on the Island include The Waterfront School, Jarvis Collegiate Institute, Central Technical School, Central Commerce Collegiate Institute, and Northern Secondary School. However, these schools are located on the mainland.
In addition to the TDSB, three other public school boards also provide schooling for residents of Toronto Islands, Conseil scolaire catholique MonAvenir (CSCM), Conseil scolaire Viamonde (CSV), and Toronto Catholic District School Board (TCDSB). CSV is a public French first language secular school board. CSCM, and TCDSB are public separate school boards, the former being a French first language school board, the latter being an English first language school board.
There is no fixed road link from the mainland to the Toronto Islands, which therefore rely on ferries, water taxis and other boats for their transport needs.
In addition to the public ferry services, several yacht clubs and marinas located on the islands provide private tender services for their members and guests. In June 2017, Centreville purchased a used ferry boat, the Dartmouth III, from Halifax Transit in Nova Scotia and planned to operate its own service, Toronto Island Transit Service, to supplement the public ferry. The ferry arrived in Toronto but due to flooding and the pandemic, it was never used to bring passengers across the harbour.
There are fewer restrictions on motor vehicles on the airport lands, with a vehicular ferry providing access to parking lots and service access at the airport, however there is no public road access from the airport lands to the rest of the islands.
The Toronto Islands have appeared as significant settings in Canadian literature. Examples include Margaret Atwood's The Robber Bride and Robert Rotenberg's Old City Hall.
The novel Heyday, by Marnie Woodrow, has two narratives, one set on Ward's Island in the present day, and the other set on Hanlan's in 1909.
In Take This Waltz, a 2011 film by Canadian director Sarah Polley, the main character Margot (Michelle Williams) rides the Scrambler at the Centreville Amusement Park.
The second season of Sensitive Skin is set predominantly on the islands when the main character, Davina moves to a houseboat located on the islands.
Canadian singer-songwriter Jordan Paul composed his song Ward's Island, inspired by and during a visit to the island.  The song was subsequently recorded with Jon Anderson, producer of Aidan Knight and Said The Whale.
After three years at the Air Ministry in London, he was trained as a pilot before going as Chief Engineering Instructor at the RAF Cadet College at Cranwell. He then went on a guided weapons course with the Army at Shrivenham. In 1953 he became Project Officer responsible for the Thunderbird missile at the Royal Aircraft Establishment. After a course at the RAF Staff College, he was posted to Los Angeles as Ballistic Missile Liaison Officer at the USAF Missile Division there.
In retirement he became a Technical Director with W. S. Atkins. He was a Member of the Board of the Council of Engineering Institutions from 1980 to 1984 and vice-chairman from 1983 to 1984. He stood as a Social Democrat for the constituency of Bury St Edmunds in the 1983 and 1987 elections. He lived in the town and was President of the Bury St Edmunds Society, a local preservation group. He died on 30 July 2013.
In 1942 he married Doreen Romanis, born in Harley Street, the daughter of the well known surgeon W H C Romanis, and elder sister of comedian Tony Hancock's first wife. Lady Harland died in November 2011.
Sir Reginald and Lady Harland had three sons (one of whom is deceased) and two daughters (one of whom is deceased).
He was the great-nephew of British shipbuilder, Sir Edward Harland, and a relative of geologist, W. Brian Harland.
Five Directorates is a general term referring to the 5 service agencies in the central government during the Sui, Tang, and Song dynasties of China, other than the Nine Courts.
"Don't Waste the Pretty" is the third single by Allison Iraheta of her debut album Just Like You. It was written by Michael Dennis Smith, Stefanie Ridel, Miriam Nervo and Olivia Nervo and was produced by Howard Benson. The single version of the song, featuring Orianthi on guitar, made its online debut on EW.com and Zap2it.com on June 2, 2010 and was released digitally on June 8, 2010. It was released to radio stations on June 22, 2010.
Iraheta performed the original version of "Don't Waste the Pretty" on Lopez Tonight on Wednesday, May 26, 2010 and the acoustic version of the song on Z100 New York on June 22, 2010. She performed the track with Orianthi and Adam Lambert on the Glam Nation Tour in 2010.  Iraheta and Orianthi performed the song on the Thursday, July 29, 2010 results episode of So You Think You Can Dance.
AOL Radio writer Matthew Wilkening writes that "Orianthi's soloing adds dramatic tension to the country-tinged, mid-tempo pop song as Iraheta advises a friend not to take verbal abuse from her partner"
Rodney Ho from the Atlanta Journal Constitution calls Iraheta "a really talented singer" and hopes "that radio embraces this song, which is pretty catchy," adding that "top 40 program directors should give it a spin."
Zap2it Blogger Andrea Reiher praises the new version of the song, writing "We already loved this song, but it's even better with Orianthi's sick guitar licks in the accompaniment."
There is no official music video for 'Don't Waste the Pretty'. However, Jive did release a video titled The Journey to Don't Waste the Pretty. This video is backstage footage of Iraheta, her band and Orianthi. It is intercut with scenes of Iraheta performing the song on stage at different gigs (which is in sync with the track).[citation needed]
The original version of "Don't Waste the Pretty" appears on Iraheta's debut album "Just Like You" as the fourth track and does not feature Orianthi.
Iraheta has also performed the song acoustically on Entertainment Weekly's online show "Realite", Yahoo! Music, Radio Disney and Z100 New York. She released the acoustic version of the song for download on June 8, 2010.
Restraint is a 2008 Australian thriller film, directed by David Denneen, written by Dave Warner and starring Stephen Moyer, Travis Fimmel and Teresa Palmer. The film was shot on location around New South Wales, Australia in mid-2005. Working titles during production were Ravenswood, Guests and Power Surge. It also features a cameo by Vanessa Redgrave.
Two fugitives from justice, Dale (Teresa Palmer) and Ron (Travis Fimmel), take hostage Andrew (Stephen Moyer), an agoraphobic art dealer who might have a dark past of his own.  All three soon find themselves participants in a game of survival.
While Dale is gone, Andrew tells Ron that Gabrielle had left him after having an affair with his father and being paid by him to leave; he subsequently hired a hit man to kill his father.  To persuade Ron to leave him alive, he offers leverage in the form of a photo that proves he had his father killed.  While allegedly retrieving the photo, Andrew manages to lock Ron in the cellar, but Ron escapes and regains the upper hand.
Dale returns and the couple prepare to leave.  Ron again makes a move to kill Andrew; Dale, who has been partly seduced by Andrew and his way of life, grabs their shotgun and shoots at Ron, without realizing that he has left the gun unloaded.  Ron knocks Dale out and leaves her in a locked car filling with exhaust, sadistically goading Andrew into braving his agoraphobia in order to save her.  Andrew manages to save her and wound Ron; reviving, Dale deals Ron a death blow.
Over half the budget came from the Film Finance Corporation. The film was shot in late 2005 near Goulburn and Camden in New South Wales, originally using the title Guests, then Ravenswood. Stephen Moyer was imported from the United Kingdom to support his two Australian co-stars.
The film was originally meant to be released in May 2006 by Accent Entertainment. Multiple test screenings resulted in the film's running time being reduced from 120 to 90 minutes, and the ending being changed to something more ambiguous. It eventually screened in one cinema in Sydney in April 2009.
The Maranatha Living Hope Academy, commonly known as Maranatha or simply MLHA, is a private non-sectarian school located at Barangay Malusak, Santa Rosa City, Laguna, Philippines.
This article related to a location in Kapurthala district, Punjab, India is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Marcus was born in Philadelphia in 1958 and grew up in a Jewish family in Livingston, New Jersey. Both her parents were pharmacists. She attended school in Livingston with and has remained a close friend of fellow columnist Mona Charen. She studied at Yale University where she wrote for the college newspaper.
After receiving her Yale B.A. degree, Marcus wrote for the National Law Journal, before attending Harvard Law School, from which she received her J.D. degree  in 1984.
Marcus began writing for The Washington Post while still in law school, and formally joined the paper after graduation.
Marcus has been with The Post since 1984. She joined the national staff in 1986, covering campaign finance, the Justice Department, the Supreme Court and the White House. From 1999 through 2002, she served as deputy national editor, supervising reporters who covered money and politics, Congress, the Supreme Court, and other national issues. She joined the editorial board in 2003 and began writing a regular column in 2006.
Marcus is married to former Federal Trade Commission Chairman Jon Leibowitz, a Democrat. The couple have two daughters, Emma and Julia.
Von Sabinin worked at a hospital from 1876 to 1878 during the Russo-Turkish War and afterward entered a nunnery of the Tsarist Sisters of the Annunciation. She became an abbess, founded hospitals herself, and died in 1892 in the Crimea.
Nick Carter-Killmaster is a series of spy adventures published from 1964 until 1990, first by Award Books, then by Ace Books, and finally by Jove Books. At least 261 novels were published.  The character is an update of a pulp fiction private detective named Nick Carter, first published in 1886.
Carter served as a soldier in World War II, then with the OSS, before he joined his current employer AXE.
Carter practices yoga for at least 15 minutes a day. Carter has a prodigious ability for learning foreign languages. He is fluent in English (his native tongue), Cantonese, French, German, Greek, Hungarian, Italian, Portuguese, Putonghua (Mandarin), Russian, Sanskrit, Spanish and Vietnamese. He has basic skills in Arabic, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Romansch, Swahili, and Turkish. In the early novels, Carter often assumes a number of elaborate disguises in order to execute his missions.
Carter has used a variety of equipment in the novels, most of which have nicknames. These have included:
In the first novel in the series (Run, Spy, Run), AXE is described as comprising 24 agents. They are identified by alpha-numeric code. The following agents/codes have been described:
Benoist's fame grew after he exhibited forty-three wax figurines of the French Royal Circle at his residence in Paris. Thereafter, the king authorized the figurines to be shown throughout France. His work became so highly regarded that James II of England invited him to visit England in 1684. There he executed works of the English king and members of his royal court.
The Roseburg Shamrocks were a minor league baseball team based in Roseburg, Oregon in 1904. The Roseburg Shamrocks played as  members of the Class D level Oregon State League, disbanding during the season. 
Roseburg, Oregon hosted early baseball clubs, with the first Roseburg baseball team forming in 1867.
On June 4, 1904, a game between Albany and Roseburg teams required the teams to travel to the Vaughn Street baseball field in Portland in order to play their doubleheader, due to a facility issue.
The name of the Roseburg minor league home ballpark is not referenced. Sources indicate both River Front Park and Gaddis City Park were in existence during the era.
He was educated at Brasenose College, Oxford, and became curate of Bideford. He then became minister of St. Martin's Church in Exeter. He was vicar of St Mary's Church, Totnes from 1675 until 1681, when, at the invitation of the Duke of Somerset, he was made vicar of St Mary's Church, Berry Pomeroy, a post he held for over forty years. Here he seems to have authorised much building work, as the church and vicarage have several period features.[citation needed]
The Dumnonii, Danmonii or Dumnones were a British Celtic tribe which inhabited Dumnonia, the peninsula now containing in its west the county of Cornwall and in its east Devon. Prince's Latin title signifies "Illustrious Eastern Dumnonii".
A further edition was published in 1810 by Edward Upham, Exeter and Longman and Hurst, Rees and Orme, London, printed for Rees and Curtis, Plymouth. It was inscribed to "The Right Hon. Hugh, Earl Fortescue, Viscount Ebrington and Baron Fortescue of Castle Hill, Lord-Lieutenant and Custos Rotulorum of the County of Devon", whose "ancestors claim a distinguished place" in the work. It was funded by subscription, with a list of subscribers included after the list of contents.
The Most Worshipful Grand Lodge of Free and Accepted Masons of the Philippines is the organizational body that governs Freemasonry in the Philippines.  It currently has its offices at the Plaridel Masonic Temple, a historic building in Ermita, Manila.
In 1912, three American Lodges owing allegiance to the Most Worshipful Grand Lodge of California were already established in the Philippines. Those were Manila Lodge No. 342, Cavite Lodge No. 350 and Corregidor Lodge No. 386. The three lodges held a meeting on November 17, 1912 to fix a date for the First Convention of the delegates selected and to be selected for the purpose of considering the organization of a Grand Lodge.
As of 2017, the Grand Lodge of the Philippines has approximately 19,000 members, spread over 375 lodges.
The station has two unnumbered opposed side platforms serving two tracks. Automatic ticket vending machines are not installed, and tickets are only issued by POS terminals.
The station opened on 28 December 1951. With the privatization of Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987, the station came under the control of JR West.
According to the Kyoto Prefecture statistical book, the average number of passengers per day is as follows.[citation needed]
To someone familiar with both the Italian and the U.S. college systems, Italian grades are best translated into American grades (and vice versa) according to the following table:
In Italian primary and secondary school a 10-point scale is used, 6 being the minimum grade for passing.
For ordinary exams, universities in Italy use a 30-point scale that can be divided into failing (0 to 17) and passing (18 to 30 cum laude) grades. For final assessment of the entire degree, a 110-point scale is used, which is divided into two as well, with 66 being the minimum for a degree to be awarded. The 110-point scale incorporates scores both on course exams and for the final thesis. For outstanding results, lode, "praise" or "cum laude," is added to the maximum grade.
Heavy Love is an album by the American blues musician Buddy Guy, released in 1998. It was nominated for a Grammy Award, in the "Best Contemporary Blues Album" category.
Produced by David Z, the album was recorded in Nashville. In an attempt to get the album played on popular radio, Guy added synthetic drums and tape loops to some tracks.
Entertainment Weekly wrote that the album focuses on "tight songs, concise, off-kilter solos, funk-tinged grooves, and impassioned vocals." The Daily Herald called "Did Somebody Make a Fool Outta You" "a mesmerizing piece of fretwork and utter soul." The Chicago Tribune opined that "the methodical finale, 'Let Me Show You', showcases the singer's soft, tearful, underrated voice."
AllMusic thought that "purists will cringe at the unabashed commercial concessions," but acknowledged that "Heavy Love works well when compared to the modern electric blues of the post-Stevie Ray Vaughan era, especially since Guy once again contributes some scorching solos." (The New) Rolling Stone Album Guide deemed the album "refreshingly modern, if uneven."
The Babysitter is a novel series by R. L. Stine. The first novel in the series was published in 1989, and it led to establish Stine as a prominent author in the children's horror genre. The first novel follows a simple premise of a babysitter who finds she is the next in a series of babysitting victims to a crazed killer. Three sequels of this book were published: The Babysitter II on July 1991, The Babysitter III on October 1993 and The Babysitter IV on June 1995.
Jenny Jeffers, a sixteen-year-old girl, takes a babysitting job for a child named Donny. While babysitting, she gets menacing phone calls from someone and finds a threatening note in her backpack. She soon figures out that Donny's father, Mr. Hagen, was the one making those calls after finding a stash of newspaper clippings in his closet. Apparently, Donny had a sister when he was younger, but she died in an accident when a previous babysitter wasn't paying attention to her.
It was listed as the 37th most enjoyable book for boys and girls in a 1997 survey on literacy. In their positive review of the novel, Publishers Weekly felt that Stine effectively built suspense and created an intriguing cast of characters.
After being released from a mental institution, Jenny Jeffers moves to another town and reluctantly accepts a new baby-sitting job next door in an attempt to finally put her dark past behind her by overcoming her fear. When unexplainable events begin to happen, she begins to fear her dark past has come back to haunt her. However, in an entirely different plot outline, she is terrorized by two murderous ghost children.
A station was a defensible residence constructed on the American frontier during the late 18th and early 19th century.
Many of these structures were built on the Kentucky frontier during the struggle with the British and Native Americans. According to Virginia law, settled land had to be surveyed, a corn crop planted and a dwelling built. On the frontier, this building had to be fortified.
The home, often called a station, but could be called a fort in other regions, was usually built of logs and were supplied only while hostilities were continuing. Families often maintained a station and visitors were always welcome, since in numbers there was strength. Veterans were given land grants after the American Revolution, and many built a station to secure the area.
The purpose for stations in Kentucky was for protection, since most Native Americans at the time supported the British and often attacked the settlers.
This article about a building or structure in Kentucky is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
It is located on the A488 outside the large village of Pontesbury, southwest of Shrewsbury. The population as taken at the 2011 census can be found under Pontesbury.
It approximates to the northern extremity of the Pontesford-Linley geological fault, which trends approximately 11 miles to Linley near Bishops Castle. On 2 April 1990, the Pontesford-Linley Fault - registered an earthquake with a magnitude of 5.1 on the Richter scale, known as the Bishop's Castle earthquake. Coal was mined there in the 19th century.
Ferrante de Gemmis was born in Terlizzi, near Bari. His parents were the Baron Tommaso de Gemmis and Francesca Bruni.
He was educated in Naples where he graduated in law. He inherited the properties of his uncle Minister Ferrante Maddalena. 
De Gemmis was a friend of the philosopher and political economist Antonio Genovesi. He founded an Academy in Terlizzi becoming the primary exponent of Illuminism in the region of Apulia. He refused to become a judge so he could continue writing about philosophy even though he wrote in anonymity for modesty.
Cary Angeline (born September 8, 1997) is an American football tight end who is a free agent. He played college football for USC and NC State and was signed by the Arizona Cardinals as an undrafted free agent in 2021.
After going unselected in the 2021 NFL Draft, Angeline was signed by the Arizona Cardinals as an undrafted free agent. He was waived on August 10.
On August 22, 2021, Angeline was signed by the Philadelphia Eagles. He was waived again on August 29.
Angeline has multiple family members who played football. His grandfather Fran played for Colgate, father Chris played for Columbia, uncle Larry played for Mansfield, uncle Jerry played for Hobart, and brother Ryley played for Delaware.
The suprachiasmatic nucleus or nuclei (SCN) is a tiny region of the brain in the hypothalamus, situated directly above the optic chiasm. It is responsible for controlling circadian rhythms. The neuronal and hormonal activities it generates regulate many different body functions in a 24-hour cycle. The mouse SCN contains approximately 20,000 neurons.
The SCN interacts with many other regions of the brain. It contains several cell types and several different peptides (including vasopressin and vasoactive intestinal peptide) and neurotransmitters.
The SCN is situated in the anterior part of the hypothalamus immediately dorsal, or superior (hence supra) to the optic chiasm (CHO) bilateral to (on either side of) the third ventricle.
The nucleus can be divided into ventrolateral and dorsolateral portions, also known as the core and shell, respectively. These regions differ in their expression of the clock genes, the core expresses them in response to stimuli whereas the shell expresses them constitutively.
In terms of projections, the core receives innervation via three main pathways, the retinohypothalamic tract, geniculohypothalamic tract, and projections from some Raphe nuclei. Dorsomedial SCN is mainly innervated by the core and also by other hypothalamic areas. Lastly, its output is mainly to the subparaventricular zone and dorsomedial hypothalamic nucleus which both mediate the influence SCN exerts over circadian regulation of the body.
The SCN sends information to other hypothalamic nuclei and the pineal gland to modulate body temperature and production of hormones such as cortisol and melatonin.[citation needed]
Some of the others are the lateral geniculate nucleus (LGN), the superior colliculus, the basal optic system, and the pretectum:
The circadian rhythm in the SCN is generated by a gene expression cycle in individual SCN neurons. This cycle has been well conserved through evolution and in essence is similar in cells from many widely different organisms that show circadian rhythms. For example, although fruit flies (like all invertebrates) do not have an SCN, the cycle is largely similar to that of mammals. It is currently thought that all animals share a common root in their circadian rhythm.
In the fruitfly Drosophila, the cellular circadian rhythm in neurons is controlled by two interlocked feedback loops.
The 24-hour rhythm could be reset by light via the protein cryptochrome (CRY), which is involved in the circadian photoreception in Drosophila. CRY associates with TIM in a light-dependent manner that leads to the destruction of TIM. Without the presence of TIM for stabilization, PER is eventually destroyed during the day. As a result, the repression of CLK-CYC is reduced and the whole cycle reinitiates again.
CLOCK (circadian locomotor output cycles kaput) was first cloned in mouse and BMAL1 (brain and muscle aryl hydrocarbon receptor nuclear translocator (ARNT)-like 1) is the primary homolog of Drosophila CYC.
Three homologs of PER (PER1, PER2, and PER3) and two CRY homologs (CRY1 and CRY2) have been identified.
TIM has been identified in mammals; however, its function is still not determined. Mutations in TIM result in an inability to respond to zeitgebers, which is essential for resetting the biological clock.[citation needed]
Recent research suggests that, outside the SCN, clock genes may have other important roles as well, including their influence on the effects of drugs of abuse such as cocaine.
Neurons in the SCN fire action potentials in a 24-hour rhythm. At mid-day, the firing rate reaches a maximum, and, during the night, it falls again. How the gene expression cycle (so-called the core clock) connects to the neural firing remains unknown.[citation needed]
The soundtrack for the 1997 film Anna Karenina, directed by Bernard Rose, was conformed of several Russian classical and traditional musical pieces. The music was performed by the St. Petersburg Philharmonic Orchestra, under the baton of Sir Georg Solti. The film's score was composed by Stewart Copeland.
The score makes a prominent use of Tchaikovsky's Symphony No. 6 being used in pivotal scenes from the film. Sir Georg Solti and Bernard Rose agreed that this Symphony portrayed Anna Karenina's story perfectly, since the music contained several movements, from excessively cheerful allegros to exaggerated tragic adagios, that contained parallels to Anna's story.
At the Quebec Conference of September 1944, the British Prime Minister Winston Churchill proposed to transfer a large part of Bomber Command to the Pacific, comprising from 500 to 1,000 heavy bombers, once Nazi Germany was defeated. US President Franklin D. Roosevelt accepted the offer, stating that a "long and costly struggle" still lay ahead of the Allies.
RCAF Lancasters planned for inclusion in Tiger Force departed RAF Middleton St George on 31 May 1945 for modification in Canada prior to deployment in the Pacific Theatre. Before VJ Day, 141 RCAF Lancasters made the trip to RCAF Station Moncton for modification to Tiger Force requirements.
Two RAF fighter squadrons had begun converting to the new Hawker Tempest II at RAF Chilbolton, in order to perform escort duties, when the war ended. Escorts would also have been available from the fighter units of the U.S. Far East Air Force, the Australian First Tactical Air Force and/or other Commonwealth units.
The colour scheme for Tiger Force aircraft was white upper-surfaces with black undersides; this scheme, developed to reflect sunlight and thus lower the internal temperatures in the tropical heat, despite the cancellation of operations against Japan, was apparent on many post-war Lancasters and Lincolns. To enable the aircraft to operate at the long distances involved, flight refuelling using Liberator tankers was to have been employed, using equipment developed by Flight Refuelling Ltd.
Tiger Force was officially disbanded on 31 October 1945, by which stage it included only British units.
Eight presidents of the United States have made presidential visits to North Africa. The first trips by a sitting president to countries in North Africa were those of Franklin D. Roosevelt, and were an offshoot of Allied diplomatic interactions during World War II. Of the five countries in the region, only Libya has not yet been visited by an American president.
Scrivener and Gregory dated the manuscript to the 13th century. Currently the manuscript is dated by the INTF to the 13th century.
It was added to the list of New Testament manuscript by Scrivener (532) and Gregory (681). It was examined by North, Guildford.
The manuscript was acquired along with seven other manuscripts (556, 676, 677, 678, 679, 680, and 682) by the late Sir Thomas Phillips, at Middle Hill in Worcestershire.
Formerly it was housed at the Sotheby's, and it is the last known place of housing of this manuscript. The place of its actual housing is unknown.
This Perry County, Kentucky state location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Gilgo-Oak Beach-Captree, frequently just called Oak Beach, was a census-designated place (CDP) in Suffolk County, New York within the Town of Babylon. The population was 333 at the 2000 census.
Prior to the 2020 census, the Oak Beach-Captree CDP was further split into the Oak Beach and Captree CDPs.
There were 161 households, out of which 14.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.9% were married couples living together, 6.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.0% were non-families. 34.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.07 and the average family size was 2.64.
In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 13.5% under the age of 18, 1.5% from 18 to 24, 28.8% from 25 to 44, 34.8% from 45 to 64, and 21.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.
The median income for a household in the CDP was $66,250, and the median income for a family was $105,870. Males had a median income of $61,250 versus $37,083 for females. The per capita income for the CDP was $55,813. None of the families and 0.9% of the population were living below the poverty line, including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.
The census numbers are presumably for full-time inhabitants; many of these houses are second homes and not primary residences, although the proportion of seasonal residents is decreasing.
The land for these communities is not privately owned, but leased from the State of New York through the year 2050.  However, the residences on the property are owned.  If the leases are not renewed at some point in the future, the owners will have to move the houses elsewhere, similar to what happened at High Hill Beach when Jones Beach was created.
Annett Davis (born September 22, 1973) is an American beach volleyball player, who won the silver medal at the 1999 Beach Volleyball World Championships, alongside Jenny Johnson Jordan.
In 1999, she and Johnson Jordan were the winningest USA men's or women's pro beach volleyball team with over $200,000 in winnings.
Davis currently resides in Valencia, California with husband Byron and two children, Mya (born 2001) and Victoria (born 2005).
This biographical article relating to volleyball in the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
 The Loves of Ariane is a 1931 British-German drama film directed by Paul Czinner starring Elisabeth Bergner, Charles Carson and Percy Marmont. It was an English-language version of the 1931 film Ariane. It was based on the 1920 novel Ariane, jeune fille russe by Claude Anet. The screenplay concerns a young woman studying at University who falls in love with Don Juan.  A German version of the film, Ariane was also made.
This article related to a British film of the 1930s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article related to a German film of the 1930s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
It can be distinguished from all other Perigonia species by the uniform grey forewing upperside crossed by narrow, dark brown transverse lines. The hindwing upperside is most similar to Perigonia stulta but the yellow tornal patch is larger.
In parliament, Pauget serves on the Committee on Economic Affairs. In addition to his committee assignments, he is part of the French-Israeli Parliamentary Friendship Group.
In 2018, Pauget joined the leadership of Soyons Libres, where he is in charge of relations with the National Assembly.
He was born the 2nd son of Robert Kirton (d. c.1565) of Wells, Somerset and educated at New Inn and the Middle Temple (1585), where he was called to the bar in 1596. He was Recorder of Wells from 1601 to 1610.
He died by February 1611. He had married in 1599, Elizabeth, the daughter of Sir John Rodney of Pilton and Rodney Stoke, Somerset, with whom he had 3 sons and 2 daughters.
This article about a 17th-century Member of the Parliament of England (up to 1707) is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Heliomata infulata, the rare spring moth, is a species of geometrid moth in the family Geometridae. It is found in North America.
After the abdication of Charles II, the Seventeen Provinces went to the Spanish branch of the House of Habsburg.
After the death of Philip VI the Seventeen Provinces returned to the Austrian branch of the House of Habsburg.
The Myjava River is a river in western Slovakia and for a small part in the Czech Republic and left tributary of the Morava River.
This article related to a river in the Czech Republic is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Elections to the Cumbernauld and Kilsyth District Council took place in May 1992, alongside elections to the councils of Scotland's various other districts.
Following his father's steps, he also received a law degree from Tulane University Law School after completing his undergraduate at Centenary College of Louisiana.
Wellborn Jack practiced law with his brother, George Whitfield Jack, Jr., who served as a colonel under General Matthew B. Ridgeway in World War II. He later founded the law firm, Jack & Jack, with his son, Wellborn Jack, Jr. (born 1936). Jack, Jr., a specialist in employment and labor law, recalls that his father had little interest in genealogy and said, "What matters most is not what you sprang from but what you sprang at."
Just weeks after taking his oath of office as a state representative, Jack, along with the former mayor of Minden, J. Frank Colbert, ran unsuccessfully for Louisiana's 4th congressional district seat in the United States House of Representatives. He was eliminated from the runoff election, with victory claimed by the three-term incumbent Overton Brooks, also of Shreveport.
Like virtually all of the Shreveport-area politicians during the 1950s, Jack was known for his fervent support of racial segregation. In 1956, he opposed a bill which would have exempted the Sugar Bowl in New Orleans from the state ban on "interracial activities". He supported a bill to require the labeling of blood by race of the donor. The raising of the Confederate flag at the Caddo Parish Courthouse embodied the sentiments of white segregationists of Jack's era.
Jack's House tenure extended from the administrations of Governors Sam Houston Jones to the second term of Jimmie Davis. During his long career in the House, Jack served alongside numerous colleagues who reached the highest point in state politics, including Taddy Aycock, Bill Dodd, C. H. "Sammy" Downs, John McKeithen, Louis J. Michot, deLesseps Story Morrison, Sr.,  Dave L. Pearce, and William M. Rainach, along with his Caddo colleagues Algie D. Brown, Frank Fulco, and James C. Gardner.
Days after U.S. President Lyndon B. Johnson signed into law the Civil Rights Act of 1964, Jack wrote a letter to the former Shreveport Journal reaffirming his own belief in segregation: "The white man and the Negro man are happy with their lot here in this area ..."
From 1976 to 1984, Jack was an elected member of the final two terms of the former Caddo Parish Police Jury, the parish governing body. He lost his position on the police jury, when it was reorganized in 1984 as the Caddo Parish Commission.
Galaxy Star is a singing competition television series broadcast in Myanmar on MRTV-4. The first season of Galaxy Star began airing on 7 April 2017, and has air weekly on Friday evenings at 9:15 on MRTV-4 Channel through September 2017. The series is produced by JBJ Entertainment , in collaboration with Samsung.
The judges of the first season include notable Burmese musicians, namely Graham, Pho Ka, Sung Thin Par,  Phyu Phyu Kyaw Thein, and J-Me. Korean musicians and artists, namely Kim Hyung-suk, Daehyun of B.A.P (South Korean band), and Minzy, served as guest judges during the first season's Korea Training Camp mission.
The Brandeis-Bardin Campus of American Jewish University is a Jewish retreat located since 1947 in the northeastern Simi Hills, in the city of Simi Valley, California.  Formerly known as the Brandeis-Bardin Institute, it is used for nondenominational summer programs for children, teens, and young adults.
The Brandeis-Bardin Institute was founded in 1941 by Shlomo Bardin, inspired by the ideals of the early Zionist movement and the ideas and financial support of Justice Louis Brandeis.  In the 1950s, BBI was known as Brandeis Camp Institute (BCI), with Shlomo Bardin as the Director. The institute branched out into a program for college-aged Jews, now called Brandeis Collegiate Institute, and a summer and winter camp for young people named Alonim.
In 1968 actor James Arness (of Gunsmoke) donated his entire campus adjacent Simi Hills ranch to the Brandeis Bardin Institute, making it the largest parcel of land owned by a Jewish institution outside the State of Israel.
Founder Dr. Shlomo Bardin ran the Institute until 1976.  He is buried on the grounds of the Brandeis Bardin Institute. Dennis Prager ran it from 1976 to 1983.
In March 2007, officials from both the Brandeis-Bardin Institute and the University of Judaism, a non-denominational institution of higher education offering undergraduate and graduate degrees along with a rabbinical studies program located in Bel Air, announced they would merge into a new organization called American Jewish University.
Notable people who got their start at the Brandeis-Bardin Institute include Rabbi Zalman Schachter-Shalomi, the founder of Renewal Judaism; and Rabbi Shlomo Carlebach
Rabbi Zvi Dershowitz directed the Brandeis-Bardin Institute in the early 1960s, before becoming director of Camp Ramah in California and rabbi at Sinai Temple.  In the 1970s Rabbis Abraham Joshua Heschel and Mordecai Kaplan frequented the institute.  Later Rabbi Joseph Telushkin would lead a weekly Torah discussion at the House of the Book on the campus, and Dennis Prager would be among the many leaders of the Institute.
Journalist, Daniel Pearl, who was beheaded by Al Qaeda in Pakistan in 2002 (and about whom the Angelina Jolie film A Mighty Heart was made), and his family were long-time supporters of (and campers at) Brandeis.
The futuristic architecture of the campus's House of the Book, which was designed by architect Sidney Eisenshtat, has appeared as a location in several film and television projects:
Solomon Seisay was the scion of an influential, landowning family in Moyamba District, Sierra Leone. He is the older brother of former Consul General Tinga Seisay and cousin of Brigadier General John Bangura.
Seisay later became Chief of Security in Kenema where he was responsible for security at Sierra Leone's diamond and gold mines. He devised effective policies for the prevention smuggling. After his retirement, the security in Kenema deteriorated drastically.
In general relativity, background independence is identified with the property that the metric of spacetime is the solution of a dynamical equation. In classical mechanics, this is not the case, the metric is fixed by the physicist to match experimental observations. This is undesirable, since the form of the metric impacts the physical predictions, but is not itself predicted by the theory.
Because of the speculative nature of quantum-gravity research, there is much debate as to the correct implementation of background independence. Ultimately, the answer is to be decided by experiment, but until experiments can probe quantum-gravity phenomena, physicists have to settle for debate. Below is a brief summary of the two largest quantum-gravity approaches.
Physicists have studied models of 3D quantum gravity, which is a much simpler problem than 4D quantum gravity (this is because in 3D, quantum gravity has no local degrees of freedom). In these models, there are non-zero transition amplitudes between two different topologies, or in other words, the topology changes. This and other similar results lead physicists to believe that any consistent quantum theory of gravity should include topology change as a dynamical process.
String theory is usually formulated with perturbation theory around a fixed background.  While it is possible that the theory defined this way is locally background-invariant, if so, it is not manifest, and it is not clear what the exact meaning is.  One attempt to formulate string theory in a manifestly background-independent fashion is string field theory, but little progress has been made in understanding it.
A very different approach to quantum gravity called loop quantum gravity is fully non-perturbative and manifestly background-independent: geometric quantities, such as area, are predicted without reference to a background metric or asymptotics (e.g. no need for a background metric or an anti-de Sitter asymptotics), only a given topology.
The club was founded in 1937 under the name "Dinamo Stalinabad", before changing its name to "Dynamo Dushanbe" in 1971.
Kolev started his career in Naftex Burgas and played for the club in the A PFG. In January 2007 signed with Sliven 2000 for a free transfer.
This biographical article related to association football in Bulgaria, about a midfielder, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The satellite has components from two long-standing Soviet spy satellite families. Bion's landing unit is from the Zenit 2M satellite and the satellite also carries an instrument section developed for the Yantar satellite. The satellite was made by TsSKB Progress of Samara, Russia.
The animal-carrying space capsule will be launched into orbit in late 2023, by a Soyuz-2.1b launch vehicle from Baikonur Cosmodrome, Kazakhstan.
The Dutch Athlete of the Year (Dutch: atleet van het jaar) is an annual award given to competitors in the sport of athletics from the Netherlands by the Atletiekunie. A shortlist is drawn up by a group of Atletiekunie officials and sports journalists. This shortlist then goes to a vote to all Atletiekunie members. 
The system debuted in 1993, when about 1 million students in fourth, eighth, and tenth grade took the exams, although only some of them were graded to save money. The system was originally nationally praised[by whom?] as an example of "'performance based' testing".
Failure rates among all groups, particularly minorities, was so high that it generated concern. It was terminated in 1995 by the governor after two years.[citation needed]
Minorities scored even lower than on standardized tests, huge numbers scored in the lowest categories, as open response questions with more than one answer proved to be even more difficult than multiple choice problems.[citation needed]
In September 1994, Pete Wilson vetoed a bill[which?], introduced by Gary Hart, that would have continued CLAS for another five years and provided $24M in funding, and called on the California state legislature to enact another statewide testing program. According to Maureen DiMarco, Wilson vetoed this bill because it did not provide achievement scores for individual students, even though Wilson supported the CLAS exams overall.
Maureen DiMarco testified to the California State Legislature in charge of the [CLAS] that no graders were allowed to give a "4" top score in mathematics in the first year. It was based on open responses scored holistically, so that the correct answer to how to share 5 apples among 4 people might be to give the 5th to a food bank.[citation needed]
It was replaced by STAR, which is a testing system based on traditional rigorous academic standards which largely discards the theory of outcome-based education which was widely rejected by the late 1990s in the United States.[citation needed]
This article relating to education in the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Nick Turnbull (born July 28, 1981) is a former professional gridiron football safety. He played college football for the FIU Golden Panthers.
Turnbull was on the FIU Golden Panthers football team. During his career there, he finished with 16 interceptions making him the school's all-time leader. He also ties for 1st in single-season and single-game interceptions, and is 6th on the career tackles list with 267.
He was one of the first three signings by the expansion Ottawa Redblacks on November 27, 2013 but retired before he could play for them. 
Turnbull lives in Miami, Florida. He is married with 3 children. He had a short-lived rap career where he was known as "The Truth". He went to school to become a firefighter but was never employed as one. He briefly did some modeling and appeared in GQ magazine[citation needed]. He is currently the head football coach at Dade Christian School[citation needed].
The 1998 Dutch Open was an ATP-tournament held in Amsterdam, Netherlands. The tournament was held from August 3 to August 9.
Champion seeds are indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which those seeds were eliminated.
Fabrizio Viola was the chief executive officer and general manager of Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena, the oldest bank in the world. He was later employed by Banca Popolare di Vicenza as CEO and sister bank Veneto Banca as director.
This business-related Italian biographical article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This biographical article related to a Brazilian association football defender born in the 1980s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
USS Nipmuc (ATF-157) was an Abnaki-class of fleet ocean tug that served in World War II. The tug was sold to Venezuela in 1978.
The 2010 United States Census reported that Aguanga had a population of 1,128. The population density was 82.9 people per square mile (32.0/km2). The racial makeup of Aguanga was 929 (82.4%) White (69.2% Non-Hispanic White), 11 (1.0%) African American, 20 (1.8%) Native American, 24 (2.1%) Asian, 0 (0.0%) Pacific Islander, 109 (9.7%) from other races, and 35 (3.1%) from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 274 persons (24.3%).
The Census reported that 1,128 people (100% of the population) lived in households, 0 (0%) lived in non-institutionalized group quarters, and 0 (0%) were institutionalized.
The population was spread out, with 173 people (15.3%) under the age of 18, 89 people (7.9%) aged 18 to 24, 161 people (14.3%) aged 25 to 44, 365 people (32.4%) aged 45 to 64, and 340 people (30.1%) who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 53.4 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.5 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.5 males.
There were 984 housing units at an average density of 72.4 per square mile (27.9/km2), of which 381 (81.1%) were owner-occupied, and 89 (18.9%) were occupied by renters. The homeowner vacancy rate was 1.3%; the rental vacancy rate was 8.2%.  881 people (78.1% of the population) lived in owner-occupied housing units and 247 people (21.9%) lived in rental housing units.
According to the 2010 United States Census, Aguanga had a median household income of $49,618, with 8.5% of the population living below the federal poverty line.
This biographical article relating to an American archery figure is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about an Olympic medalist of the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Common animals in the wilderness include yellow-bellied marmots, pikas, golden-mantled ground squirrels, Clark's nutcrackers, golden trout, and black bears. The wilderness area also includes California bighorn sheep zoological areas, which are set aside for the protection of the species.
The name Tenthill is comes from the name of a pastoral property established by 1845 by Phillip Friell.
Tenthill Creek forms part of the southern boundary before flowing through to form a small part of the northern boundary. Wonga Creek forms a small part of the southern boundary on its way to join the Tenthill.
The women's triple jump event at the 2006 African Championships in Athletics was held at the Stade Germain Comarmond on August 13.
^a Home grounds of many champions, especially ones who are defunct, may be unknown. This table should not be considered conclusive.
Tango from Obango is the debut album by European jazz group the Vienna Art Orchestra (credited as Wiener Art Orchester) which was first released in 1980 on the Art label. The album was re-released on CD in 1997 with additional material along with a sampler disc.
The Allmusic review by Tom Schulte called it "an important document in the post-modern jazz movement".
This South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Thryptomene hubbardii is a species of flowering plant in the family Myrtaceae and is endemic to a small area in the west of Western Australia. It is a spreading shrub with crowded broadly egg-shaped leaves with the narrower end towards the base, and flowers with five pale pink petals and nine or ten stamens.
Thryptomene hubbardii was first formally described in 2014 by Barbara Lynette Rye and Malcolm Eric Trudgen in the journal Nuytsia from specimens collected by near Mullewa by Bronwen and Gregory Keighery in 2004. The specific epithet (hubbardii) honours Richard T. Hubbard, who prepared a detailed but unpublished manuscript for the Myrtaceae of Western Australia.
This thryptomene grows in tall shrubland and mallee woodland from the East Yuna Nature Reserve to Indarra Springs Nature Reserve in the Avon Wheatbelt and Geraldton Sandplains biogeographic regions of Western Australia.
Thryptomene hubbardii is classified as "Priority Two" by the Western Australian Government Department of Parks and Wildlife meaning that it is poorly known and from only one or a few locations.
Vassal was the second son of John Vassall and his second wife, Anna Russell, and was baptised at Stepney on 5 June 1586. His father was a Huguenot refugee who travelled to England from Normandy before August 1572 and who fitted out two ships, The Samuel and the Little Toby which he commanded against the Spanish Armada.[citation needed]
Vassal lived for a time at Cockethurst Farmhouse, in what was then, Prittlewell, Essex, at the start of the 1600s. The house remained in the Vassal family until 1808.
In 1663 Vassall was in Carolina making arrangements with the lords proprietors of the colony regarding a claim laid by him for part of a term not yet expired. He probably died in Massachusetts, but the exact time or place is not known. When letters of administration were granted in London to his son Francis on 24 September 1667, it was stated that he died abroad.
Vassall married Frances Cartwright, daughter of Abraham and Joan Cartwright of St. Andrew's Undershaft, London. They had several children.
David Anderson (born 8 December 1965) is an Australian former high jumper who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
This biographical article relating to Australian athletics is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
A Nightmare Wakes is a 2020 American psychological thriller film directed and written by Nora Unkel. The film stars Alix Wilton Regan, Giullian Yao Gioiello, Philippe Bowgen, Lee Garrett and Claire Glassford. It will premiere on Shudder on February 4, 2021.
Mary is a young writer whose story comes to life in horribly vivid hallucinations, causing her to question the relationships she maintains with the people she loves and the reality around her.
Morgan represented Brecon in the House of Commons from 1754 until 1763. That year, he accepted the Stewardship of the Manor of Old Shoreham to succeed his late cousin, Sir William Morgan in Monmouthshire, which he represented from 1763 until his death in 1771.
He was briefly Lord Lieutenant of Brecknockshire and Monmouthshire in succession to his father, who died in 1769. Morgan died unmarried, and left his estates (Rhiwperra Castle and Tredegar House) to his younger brother Charles Morgan.
The design was inspired by that of R. H. Robertson's Lincoln Building at Union Square. Both structures used the Richardson Romanesque style, specifically multi-story round-arched arcades upon a stone facade. The design also had smaller cornices above the 6th, 8th, and 10th floors.
The eastern and southern facades are clad in limestone and divided into three horizontal sections: a base and shaft of six stories each, as well as a one-story capital. Small cornices run above the 6th, 8th, 10th, and 12th floors. The northern and western facades are faced in plain brick, with window openings.
The steel frame was encased in brick and asbestos cement. The building was described in The New York Times as being "absolutely fireproof", with brick partitions and floors. Inside, the staircases were made of iron and stone, and the hallways were finished in marble. When opened, the building contained a mail chute and an electric clock on every floor. As originally built, wood was only used for furniture, doors, and the casement windows.
Workfare is very closely linked to benefit sanctions, the temporary withdrawal or withholding of benefits payments by the DWP. This is imposed when the claimant is punished for failure to meet the contractual terms of the "workfare", or unpaid, work placement. A claimant has the right to appeal against this measure, under fixed guidelines.[citation needed]
This article related to the politics of the United Kingdom, or its predecessor or constituent states, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The 1951 census recorded Maha Khera as comprising 2 hamlets, with a total population of 741 people (365 male and 376 female), in 153 households and 127 physical houses. The area of the village was given as 195 acres. 118 residents were literate, 102 male and 16 female. The village was listed as belonging to the pargana of Sareni and the thana of Sareni.
The 1961 census recorded Maha Khera as comprising 1 hamlet, with a total population of 827 people (404 male and 423 female), in 162 households and 123 physical houses. The area of the village was given as 195 acres.
The 1981 census recorded Maha Khera as having a population of 917 people, in 187 households, and having an area of 79.33 hectares. The main staple foods were listed as wheat and rice.
The Kralingse Plas is a lake located in the suburb of Kralingen in Rotterdam, the Netherlands. The water is mainly used for watersport, fishing and recreational activities. Several sport associations are located around the lake, including rowing, sailing and fishing.[citation needed]
The Magenta class consisted of two broadside ironclads built for the French Navy (Marine nationale) in the early 1860s. They were the only ironclad two-deckers ever built, and the first ironclads to feature a naval ram.
Caloundra West is a mixed-use suburb of Caloundra in the Sunshine Coast Region, Queensland, Australia. In the 2016 census Caloundra West had a population of 6,297 people.
Caloundra West is within the Caloundra urban centre directly west of the Caloundra central business district.
The north of the suburb has some residential housing, an industrial estate, and undeveloped bushland. Caloundra Airport occupies the centre of the suburb. The west of the suburb is residential housing, while the south of the suburb is undevelopment marshland.
The suburb was named and bounded on 18 June 1988. The name Caloundra is from the Kabi language Cullowundoor with Kal Owen meaning beech tree (Gmelina Leichhardtii) and Dha meaning place.
The Sunshine Coast Regional Council operates a mobile library service which visits Lomond Crescent in the Bellvista Estate.
In the beginning of 2006, Yang was commissioned by Nike Taiwan to make a 5-minute-long commercial for the upcoming 2006 FIFA World Cup, in Germany. During the filming, Yang felt the story was too touching to be fulfilled by only four short videos, and therefore he decided to extend the project into a feature-length documentary and asked his student and cameraman, Chang, to be the co-director.[citation needed]
The life keeps going on. After graduation, some players enter National Hualien Senior High School, whereas the others enter Hualien Vocational High School of Agriculture. They meet each other again in a friendly match between the two school teams, but they are now competitors.
The Apostolic Nunciature to Guyana is an ecclesiastical office of the Catholic Church in Guyana. It is a diplomatic post of the Holy See, whose representative is called the Apostolic Nuncio with the rank of an ambassador. The nuncio resides in Port of Spain, Trinidad.
Surprise! is a 1995 short film by German director Veit Helmer. It won a Golden Space Needle award at the 1995 Seattle International Film Festival. The story centers on a Rube Goldberg device.
The Kadaru are a sub-ethnic group of the Nuba peoples in the Nuba Mountains of South Kordofan state, in southern Sudan.  They live in the Kadaru Hills between Dilling and Delami in South Kurdufan.
14 September (Departure) 13 November (Celebration transferred from 14 September) 27 January (Translation of Relics) 30 January (Three Holy Hierarchs) Coptic Christianity 17 Hathor (Departure) 16 Thout (Translocation of Relics) 12 Pashons (Commemoration of Relocation of Relics from Comana to Constantinople AD 437)
John was born in Antioch in 347 (. Different scholars describe his mother Anthusa as a pagan or as a Christian, and his father was a high-ranking military officer. John's father died soon after his birth and he was raised by his mother. He was baptised in 368 or 373 and tonsured as a reader (one of the minor orders of the Church). It is sometimes said that he was bitten by a snake when he was ten years old, leading to him getting an infection from the bite.
As a result of his mother's influential connections in the city, John began his education under the pagan teacher Libanius. From Libanius, John acquired the skills for a career in rhetoric, as well as a love of the Greek language and literature. Eventually, he became a lawyer.
As he grew older, however, John became more deeply committed to Christianity and went on to study theology under Diodore of Tarsus, founder of the re-constituted School of Antioch. According to the Christian historian Sozomen, Libanius was supposed to have said on his deathbed that John would have been his successor "if the Christians had not taken him from us".
John lived in extreme asceticism and became a hermit in about 375; he spent the next two years continually standing, scarcely sleeping, and committing the Bible to memory. As a consequence of these practices, his stomach and kidneys were permanently damaged and poor health forced him to return to Antioch.
In the autumn of 397, John was appointed archbishop of Constantinople, after having been nominated without his knowledge by the eunuch Eutropius. He had to leave Antioch in secret due to fears that the departure of such a popular figure would cause civil unrest.
Around 405, John began to lend moral and financial support to Christian monks who were enforcing the emperors' anti-Pagan laws, by destroying temples and shrines in Phoenicia and nearby regions.[unreliable source?]
The best known of his many homilies is an extremely brief one, the Paschal Homily (Hieratikon), which is read at the first service of Pascha (Easter), the midnight Orthros (Matins), in the Eastern Orthodox Church.
Chrysostom's extant homiletical works are vast, including many hundreds of exegetical homilies on both the New Testament (especially the works of Saint Paul) and the Old Testament (particularly on Genesis). Among his extant exegetical works are sixty-seven homilies on Genesis, fifty-nine on the Psalms, ninety on the Gospel of Matthew, eighty-eight on the Gospel of John, and fifty-five on the Acts of the Apostles.
The homilies were written down by stenographers and subsequently circulated, revealing a style that tended to be direct and greatly personal, but formed by the rhetorical conventions of his time and place. In general, his homiletical theology displays much characteristic of the Antiochian school (i.e., somewhat more literal in interpreting Biblical events), but he also uses a good deal of the allegorical interpretation more associated with the Alexandrian school.
John's social and religious world was formed by the continuing and pervasive presence of paganism in the life of the city. One of his regular topics was the paganism in the culture of Constantinople, and in his homilies he thunders against popular pagan amusements: the theatre, horseraces, and the revelry surrounding holidays. In particular, he criticizes Christians for taking part in such activities:
If you ask [Christians] who is Amos or Obadiah, how many apostles there were or prophets, they stand mute; but if you ask them about the horses or drivers, they answer with more solemnity than sophists or rhetors.
 One of the recurring features of John's homilies is his emphasis on care for the needy. Echoing themes found in the Gospel of Matthew, he calls upon the rich to lay aside materialism in favor of helping the poor, often employing all of his rhetorical skills to shame wealthy people to abandon conspicuous consumption:
Do you pay such honor to your excrements as to receive them into a silver chamber-pot when another man made in the image of God is perishing in the cold?
 According to Robert H. Allen, "Chrysostom's learning and eloquence spans and sums up a long age of ever-growing moral outrage, fear and loathing of homosexuality." His most notable discourse in this regard is his fourth homily on Romans 1:26, where he argues as follows:
All these affections then were vile, but chiefly the mad lust after males; for the soul is more the sufferer in sins, and more dishonored, than the body in diseases. ... [The men] have done an insult to nature itself. And a yet more disgraceful thing than these is it, when even the women seek after these intercourses, who ought to have more sense of shame than men.
Apart from his homilies, a number of John's other treatises have had a lasting influence. One such work is John's early treatise Against Those Who Oppose the Monastic Life, written while he was a deacon (sometime before 386), which was directed to parents, pagan as well as Christian, whose sons were contemplating a monastic vocation. Chrysostom wrote that, already in his day, it was customary for Antiochenes to send their sons to be educated by monks.
 Regardless of his lesser influence than, say, Thomas Aquinas, John's influence on church teachings is interwoven throughout the current Catechism of the Catholic Church (revised 1992).[citation needed] The Catechism cites him in eighteen sections, particularly his reflections on the purpose of prayer and the meaning of the Lord's Prayer:[citation needed]
Consider how [Jesus Christ] teaches us to be humble, by making us see that our virtue does not depend on our work alone but on grace from on high. He commands each of the faithful who prays to do so universally, for the whole world. For he did not say "thy will be done in me or in us", but "on earth", the whole earth, so that error may be banished from it, truth take root in it, all vice be destroyed on it, virtue flourish on it, and earth no longer differ from heaven.
Christian clerics, such as R. S. Storr, refer to him as "one of the most eloquent preachers who ever since apostolic times have brought to men the divine tidings of truth and love", and the 19th-century John Henry Newman described John as a "bright, cheerful, gentle soul; a sensitive heart".
James Joyce's novel Ulysses includes a character named Mulligan who brings 'Chrysostomos' into another character (Stephen Dedalus)'s mind because Mulligan's gold-stopped teeth and his gift of the gab earn him the title which St. John Chrysostom's preaching earned him, 'golden-mouthed': "[Mulligan] peered sideways up and gave a long low whistle of call, then paused awhile in rapt attention, his even white teeth glistening here and there with gold points. Chrysostomos."
Most of John's relics were looted from Constantinople by Crusaders in 1204 and taken to Rome, but some of his bones were returned to the Orthodox Church on 27 November 2004 by Pope John Paul II. Since 2004 the relics have been enshrined in the Church of St. George, Istanbul.
Today, the monastery at Vatopedi posits a rival claim to possessing the skull of John Chrysostom, and there a skull is venerated by pilgrims to the monastery as that of Saint John. Two sites in Italy also claim to have the saint's skull: the Basilica di Santa Maria del Fiore in Florence and the Dal Pozzo chapel in Pisa. The right hand of Saint John[unreliable source?] is preserved on Mount Athos, and numerous smaller relics are scattered throughout the world.
Cherish is the forty-fifth studio album by Seiko Matsuda. It came in two different versions, a regular edition which contains the CD album and a first press special edition that contained the CD album plus a 36-page photobook. The album release wasn't preceded by any single release, so all the songs in the album are new songs.
The delegates of the CIM continued to press for international agreements throughout the Americas that effect change and protect women. In 1998, they adopted the Declaration of Santo Domingo, which recognised that women's inalienable rights exist throughout their lifetime and are an "integral, and indivisible part of universal human rights".
The treaty is written in the four official languages of the Organization of American States; 'each [language version] is equally authentic' (Article 25):
Austin was born in Dorchester, Massachusetts to William Downes Austin and Catherine D. Austin (daughter of William Austin).
He wrote a history of the Boston Society of Architects. He was a member of the Boston Society of Architects and American Institute of Architects.
Austin married Emily W. Barker of Roxbury, Massachusetts on June 8, 1887 in Boston. Barker's parents were William T. Barker and Emily W. Barker.
This article about a United States architect or architectural firm is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The name Baetasii could stem from the Proto-Celtic root *baidos ('wild boar'; compare with Welsh baedd). The suffix -asio- is rather common in the Gaulish language, whereas it has hardly any connection with Germanic.
Votive stones dedicated to the deity Hercules Magusanus were found on the territory of the Baetasii.
Hiller collaborated on films with screenwriters Paddy Chayefsky and Neil Simon. Among his other films were The Americanization of Emily (1964), Tobruk (1967), The Hospital (1971), The Out-of-Towners (1970), Plaza Suite (1971), The Man in the Glass Booth (1975), Silver Streak (1976), The In-Laws (1979) and Outrageous Fortune (1987).
Hiller served as president of the Directors Guild of America from 1989 to 1993 and president of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences from 1993 to 1997. He was the recipient of the Jean Hersholt Humanitarian Award in 2002. An annual film festival in Hiller's honor was held from 2006 until 2009 at his alma mater, Victoria School of Performing and Visual Arts.
Arthur Hiller was calm, quiet and he knew exactly what he wanted. He never told you what to do. He took what you had and very gently focused it. It was such a joy to work with him.
Hiller began his career as a television director with the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation. NBC, one of the main networks in the United States, seeing his work in Canada, offered him positions directing television dramas. Over the next few years, his work for the small screen included episodes of Thriller, Alfred Hitchcock Presents, The Rifleman, Gunsmoke, Naked City, Perry Mason, and Playhouse 90.
Hiller directed his first film, The Careless Years (1957), the story of young couple eloping. This was followed by This Rugged Land (1962), originally made for television but then released as a film, and then Miracle of the White Stallions (1963), a Disney film. With these first films, Hiller already showed competence in directing unrelated subjects successfully.
Hiller directed two comedy films in collaboration with playwright Neil Simon. The first film was The Out-of-Towners (1970), starring Jack Lemmon and Sandy Dennis, who were both nominated for Golden Globe awards for their roles. Their next collaboration was Plaza Suite (1971), starring Walter Matthau, which was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture. Both films were driven by intense comedy dialogue and were considered "crisply directed" by reviewers.
Hiller returned to directing serious drama with The Man in the Glass Booth (1975), starring Maximilian Schell, in a screen adaptation of a stage play written by Robert Shaw. Schell played the role of a man trying to deal with questions of self-identity and guilt as a survivor of the Holocaust during World War II. For his highly emotional role, Schell was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor and the Golden Globe Award.
Returning to comedy, Hiller directed Silver Streak (1976), starring Gene Wilder, Jill Clayburgh and Richard Pryor. The film was well received by critics and is rated No. 95 on the AFI's best comedy films. He directed another comedy, The In-Laws (1979), with Peter Falk and Alan Arkin, which was also a critical and commercial success.
He was good director who wanted to know all about the subject. I took Arthur on a tour of the bars one night. Arthur is a real straight Jewish guy, married to the same woman for a hundred years, kids, and everything so far removed from the scene that it was like he was doing a movie about aliens.
Hiller directed the film Making Love, which was released in February 1982, a story of a married man coming to terms with his homosexuality. Author! Author! (also 1982), starred Al Pacino. The following year Hiller directed Romantic Comedy (1983), starring Dudley Moore and Mary Steenburgen. His next comedy, The Lonely Guy (1984), starred Steve Martin as a greeting card writer and was followed by Teachers (1984), a comedy-drama film starring Nick Nolte.
Outrageous Fortune (1987) stars Shelley Long and Bette Midler. The film was successful at the box office, with Midler being nominated or winning various awards. The film was followed by See No Evil, Hear No Evil (1989), another comedy again starring Gene Wilder and Richard Pryor. Pryor plays a blind man and Wilder a deaf man who work together to thwart a trio of murderous thieves.
Hiller preferred his scripts to contain "good moral values," a preference which he says came from his upbringing.[c] He wanted high quality screenplays whenever possible, which partly explains why he collaborated on multiple films with both Paddy Chayefsky and Neil Simon. Hiller explains his rationale:
Storytelling is innate to the human condition. Its underpinnings are cerebral, emotional, communal, psychological. One of the storyteller's main responsibilities is to resonate in the audience's psyche a certain something at the end of it all, to emotionally move the audience, to compel the audience to "get it" on a visceral level.
He received the Jean Hersholt Humanitarian Award at the 2002 Academy Awards ceremony in recognition of his humanitarian, charitable and philanthropic efforts. In 2002, he was honoured with a star on Canada's Walk of Fame in Toronto. In 2006, he was made an Officer of the Order of Canada.  Writer and producer William Froug said that "Hiller is that rare and hugely successful gentleman who has remained humble all his life."
He received the Honorary Degree of Doctor of Fine Arts (DFA) from the University of Victoria in June 1995. He received the Honorary Degree of Doctor of Laws (LL.D) from the University of Toronto in November 1995.
In 1948, he married Gwen Pechet, who was also Jewish; they had two children and two grandchildren. His wife died on June 24, 2016. They were married for 68 years. Hiller died almost two months later in Los Angeles on August 17, 2016 at the age of 92 from natural causes.
Most of the land in the area, as was typical in the Tualatin Valley, was settled in accord with the Donation Land Claim Act of 1850. Pioneer Samuel Walters was the first white settler to arrive in the area, doing so in 1847. William Cornell, namesake of Cornell Road, settled near  what is now the easternmost part of Cedar Mill with his wife Emily in 1852. The area became a school district in 1856.
A Cedar Mill Heritage Quilt was created in the summer of 1976 by 15 local women. It detailed various aspects of Cedar Mill history. Former U.S. Senator Maurine Neuberger declared the winner of the quilting competition in September 1976.
There were 4,723 households, out of which 39.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.8% were married couples living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.4% were non-families. 21.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 3.12.
In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 28.4% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 31.1% from 25 to 44, 25.5% from 45 to 64, and 8.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.0 males.
The median income for a household in the CDP was $65,730, and the median income for a family was $79,529. Males had a median income of $62,901 versus $36,369 for females. The per capita income for the CDP was $33,555. About 4.7% of families and 6.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 7.4% of those under age 18 and 5.0% of those age 65 or over.
Fire protection and EMS services are provided through Tualatin Valley Fire and Rescue.  Cedar Mill is served by the Tualatin Hills Park & Recreation District (THPRD), which maintains several parks and a few nature trails in the area, as well as the Sunset Swim Center (public swimming pool adjacent to and used by Sunset High School).
Like all areas in the Portland metro area, Cedar Mill residents receive The Oregonian. Virginia Bruce operates the Cedar Mill News, a monthly newsletter running since January 2003. The Cedar Mill News was known as The Milltowner in its first edition, but by February 2003 had been changed to its present form, the Cedar Mill News. A local business association known as the Cedar Mill Business Association is involved in the area.
The so-called "downtown" of the CDP is located along Cornell Road from approximately Sunset High School to just past the intersection with Saltzman Road.
Public schools in and around the Cedar Mill area include Terra Linda, Cedar Mill, Bonny Slope, and West Tualatin View elementary schools; Cedar Park and Stoller middle schools; and Sunset High School, all a part of the Beaverton School District. Private schools include Catlin Gabel School, Prince of Peace Lutheran School, and St. Pius X Catholic School.
Another former school in the area was Sunset Valley Elementary School, which was built in 1948 to replace Union School and was located on Murray Road immediately north of Sunset Highway. In 1979, shortly before the school's closure in spring 1980, the building was acquired by Electro Scientific Industries (whose main campus was located nearby) and used as ESI's administrative headquarters until the mid-1990s, when it was razed and replaced by a Home Depot store.
Leukaemia, lymphoma and myeloma are all types of blood cancer and they can develop in anyone, of any age, at any time. Around 41 Australians are diagnosed each and every day. Although improved treatments and care are helping more people survive, someone loses their life to blood cancer every two hours. In fact, blood cancer is the third most common cause of cancer death in Australia, claiming more lives than breast cancer or melanoma.[citation needed]
It supports patients and family members by providing free counseling, educational services and accommodation for families who need to relocate while patients receive care.
One of the Leukaemia Foundation's biggest fundraising events is "World's Greatest Shave", in which participants have their heads shaved in support of leukemia patients.
The junction of the Minnesund and the Vorma, Eidsvoll, served as an ancient 'ting' place  - or meeting place for the local council or parliament - for Romerike during the period when travel by boat was much easier than by land. The "Eidsivating" was, according to tradition, founded by Halvdan Svarte, and served as the 'ting' place for all of the Opplands and Viken. Saint Olav also held a ting there and built a church at this site in 1017.
In 1795 a landslide totally blocked the Vorma at Disen for 111 days, completely drying the riverbed. A channel was cut around it to prevent a major overflow, with accompanying downstream damage.
The Georgian Bay Littoral (also called the Georgian Bay Biosphere Reserve) is a UNESCO Biosphere Reserve located in Ontario, Canada.  The biosphere was the thirteenth in Canada, and covers the Thirty Thousand Islands area of eastern Georgian Bay, one of the world's largest fresh water archipelagos.
This article about a Dutch or Flemish painter mainly active before c. 1581 (the division of the Low Countries into the Dutch Republic and the Southern Netherlands) is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Hamit Karakus (born 22 February 1965) is a Turkish-Dutch politician, who has a seat in the Senate and previously served as an alderman in Rotterdam. He is a member of the Labour Party (PvdA).
Born in Turkey, Karakus grew up in Steenwijk and later moved to Rotterdam to work as a police officer. After ten years of service and reaching the rank of police sergeant, he became deputy director of a real estate brokerage firm in 1998. He continued working there until he was appointed Rotterdam's alderman of housing and spatial planning in 2006. He resigned from that position eight years later, after his party had suffered losses in the 2014 municipal election with Karakus as lijsttrekker.
He subsequently became CEO of the organizations Platform31 and IVO and started serving as a senator in March 2021.
He attended an lts high school in Steenwijk, where he was trained in metalworking, between 1979 and 1983. His teacher had recommended a havo level education, but Karakus's father preferred a vocational education for his son. Karakus subsequently worked at a warehouse of Heuga, the carpet factory that also employed his father.
Karakus left the police in 1998 to work for the real estate brokerage firm Atta Makelaars as deputy director. He continued working there until he became an alderman in 2006.
Interior minister Kajsa Ollongren hired him in February 2019 in order to help governments and housing corporations make agreements about public housing in areas in which Vestia was active. Due to its financial problems, Vestia was unable to adequately invest in public housing. It was announced in 2020 that fifteen other housing corporations would take over about 10,000 Vestia properties with financial support from the government.
Karakus lives in Rotterdam. He is married to Emine Deniz, and they have two daughters and one son. He has renounced his Turkish citizenship to avoid conscription.
"but Mr Birchall, the first lieutenant, with a Degree of Zeal and intrepidity, volunteered to attack her [Potomac] in a boat"
Birchall and Harpy were ordered to remain off Copenhagen to ensure that terms of the armistice were honoured and to let other British ships know that Nelson had taken the fleet to Bornholm. He was promoted to post-captain for his actions.
Birchall married three times during his life but left no children. He was very young and still a midshipman, when he met and married his first bride in Lyme Regis in 1786. Esther Delaney was his senior by some years and died in 1806 at Bathampton. Birchall took another wife almost immediately, marrying Jane Cross from Bath, in Marylebone. She died in 1811 in Ilfracombe. He eventually remarried again in 1815. His last wife was Leonora, one of the Binghams from Bingham's Melcombe in Dorset.
In 1803, Birchall was given command of the Chester region Sea Fencibles and, according to the Bath Chronicle, caused a riot on 26 December when he impressed one of the local militia. Following their Christmas parade, the militia responded angrily, attacking the gaol and meeting house, where they tore down Birchall's flag. Birchall was asked to leave town while the army restored order.
Birchall died in Exeter in 1817, then was buried at its St. Sidwell's church (now chapel) which the Luftwaffe destroyed in the Exeter Blitz of 1942.
Underneath reinforced concrete road, the BMC will construct lines for electricity, gas, water and telephone. A reinforced concrete wall will be constructed at culverts and bridges after encroachments are removed, so that the embankment of the road and the new reinforced concrete box cell of utility services are protected.    There will also be 2 pedestrian bridges at Bainganwadi Junction and Shivaji Nagar Junction.
Following the opening of the Eastern Freeway in 2013, traffic from Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar Road is shared with the former, and merges with the GMLR near RBK School. GMLR also helps ease traffic on the Sion Panvel Highway.
This Indian road or road transport-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Sister Chapel features eleven panels that represent contemporary and historically significant women, deities and mythological figures, and conceptual heroic women. Each "role model" was selected and painted by a different artist, which allowed the participants to retain their individual styles:
Each of the monumental figures occupies a nine-by-five-foot canvas, arranged in a circle, into which viewers are invited to enter. Above the eleven panels hangs the circular abstract painted ceiling by Ilise Greenstein (1976). Its mirrored center invites viewers to see themselves in the company of the heroic figures of this "sisters universe," and to develop a new way of looking at history, culture, and themselves.
A tent-like fabric enclosure, designed by Maureen Connor in 1976, was meant to create an intimate space approximately 25 feet in diameter. For financial reasons, the structure was not executed in the 1970s but a model was constructed and shown at the premiere exhibition.
The installation premiered in January 1978 at P.S.1 in Long Island City, New York. It was positively reviewed in The New York Times and Newsday
In March 2019, the installation went on permanent display in the Center for Art and Social Engagement at Rowan University.
When The Sister Chapel was reunited in 2016, its historical importance was recognized by The Huffington Post, The Philadelphia Inquirer, and Artnet. The Sister Chapel was also featured in a segment of State of the Arts, a locally produced program on NJTV (now NJ PBS).
In March 2018, Travel + Leisure grouped The Sister Chapel with the Rothko Chapel, Matisse Chapel, Le Corbusier's Notre Dame du Haut, and other chapels that "combine artistry with worship."
The Sister Chapel was featured in a fashion photography spread in the August 2019 issue of Harper's Bazaar, serving as an environment for two pairs of sisters who wear Christian Dior clothing designed by Maria Grazia Chiuri; an interview with Chiuri by Robin Morgan accompanies the photographs.
Other sports also use the term "victory formation" for a play designed only to run down the clock with little chance of injury, such as a Jammer in roller derby skating behind or only lightly challenging the pack while the final seconds of the bout tick down.
The "victory formation" spread rapidly throughout football at nearly all levels, as coaches sought to adopt a procedure for downing the ball in the final seconds which would reduce the risk of turnovers to the absolute minimum possible. Within a season or so, it had become nearly universal. In 1987 the NFL rule allowing quarterbacks to simply kneel and not have to fall down and risk a hit from the defense took effect.[citation needed]
Although in most instances a losing team will concede defeat when the other team is in the victory formation and taking the quarterback kneel, there are instances where the trailing team will try to make a defensive play in an attempt to regain possession of the ball, particularly when the losing team is behind by a touchdown or less and there is enough time to make more than one play.[citation needed]
Mars, Rahu and Saturn, all three occupying the kendrasthanas indicate imprisonment. B V Raman states that Bandhana yoga is caused when the lords of the lagna and the 6th are in a trine or a quadrant in conjunction with Saturn, Rahu or Ketu. Mercury and/or Saturn situated in the 8th house from the lagna indicate death in a prison at the gallows.
Eastern Front (1941) is a computer wargame for the Atari 8-bit family created by Chris Crawford and published through the Atari Program Exchange (APX) in 1981. A scenario editor and assembly language source code for the game were also sold by APX.
A killer app for Atari computers, Eastern Front was among APX's best selling games, selling over 60,000 copies. It was widely lauded in the press and was Creative Computing's Game of the Year in 1981. In 1982, it was licensed by Atari for distribution on game cartridge, then rereleased in 1988 in XEGS styled packaging.
Eastern Front is a corps-level simulation of Operation Barbarossa, the German invasion of the Soviet Union in 1941. The player controls the Germans, in white, while the computer plays the Russians, in red. Units are represented as boxes for armored corps or cavalry, and crosses for infantry, an attempt to replicate conventional military symbols given the low resolution.
The game is modal, switching between an order entry mode and a combat mode. During order entry the joystick is used to select units and enter movement in the four cardinal directions. Up to eight orders can be entered for any unit. Orders are remembered from turn to turn, and new orders can be added in future turns after watching an animation of any remaining ones. The orders for any given unit can be cancelled by pressing the space bar.
The game simulates the changing of the seasons: 14 turns of summer that begin in June 1941, four turns of autumn, and 22 turns of winter. When autumn begins on 5 October 1941 and the green land changes to purple-brown mud, the player is likely losing if they have not captured most objectives, destroyed most early Russian forces, and established a defensive position.
The AI is based on three basic measures of the game state: The strategic situation which attempts to take and hold cities, the tactical situation which attempts to block player movements, and the overall arrangement of the front line. The AI first attempts to build a continuous front line in an attempt to prevent encirclements, it then sends additional units on intercept courses to block player movements, and finally any remaining units are sent to undefended cities.
Players exploited another bug in the first version's game engine. Since the AI calculates its moves while the user enters orders, reducing the amount of time the user takes to plan their own moves reduces the quality of the computer response. Repeatedly pressing Start prevents the computer from pondering and neither the player nor computer does anything, avoiding combat during the winter and allowing the player to break out during spring with full-strength units.
Crawford approached Atari about selling the game, but the company believed that wargames for Atari computers would not be popular.
Creative Computing named Eastern Front Game of the Year in 1981. The Academy of Adventure Gaming Arts and Design named it Best Adventure Game for Home Computer, 1981. In 1987 Crawford stated that it was one of the three games he was proud of, with Legionnaire and Balance of Power. In 2002 GameSpy wrote that Eastern Front was considered to be one of the first computer wargames that paper-and-pencil wargamers approved of.
While the game was still being sold, Crawford released its source code through APX as a separate, commercial product targeted at developers. He was surprised that while it sold well, no other game used it. He also released a scenario editor, but only one pre-packaged set of user-created scenarios is known.
Crawford used many of the ideas from Eastern Front in Legionnaire for Avalon Hill in 1982. Legionnaire uses the same map engine to simulate the Roman legions fighting the barbarians, but modifies it to move units in real time.
In 2013 Crawford publicly released the source code of several of his games, including Eastern Front.
Joseph II Johann 6th Prince of Schwarzenberg (Vienna, June 27, 1769 - Frauenberg, December 19, 1833) was a German-Bohemian nobleman from the Schwarzenberg family.
In 1806, after the occupation by the French, he lost sovereignty over the Franconian and Swabian possessions of his House. In 1808 Joseph was accepted into the Order of the Golden Fleece. His wife Pauline died in 1810 in a fire during a ball in the garden of the Austrian embassy in Paris in honor of Napoleon's marriage to Marie-Louise of Austria.
Joseph married in May 1794 Pauline Karolina Iris Princess von Arenberg-Aarschot (September 2, 1774 - July 2, 1810), daughter of Louis Engelbert, 6th Duke of Arenberg, and had six daughters and three sons:
Threemilehouse has a Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA) football club, Sean Mac Diarmada, who wear yellow and white.
The primary period of activity of Operation Relex was between October and December 2001 when ten SIEV were intercepted by HMA Ships Warramunga, Arunta, and Leeuwin, assisted by several Fremantle-class patrol boats.
Operation Relex was folded into the broader border protection activity named Operation Resolute which commenced in July 2006. In 2013, the Abbott Government implemented Operation Sovereign Borders.
To qualify, ADF members must have been deployed or force assigned for duty as a member of a declared operation:
The team had no coach, and its captain was William C. Malley. George P. Codd, who later served as the Mayor of Detroit and in the United States Congress, was the team's manager.  George Jewett, who played at the fullback and halfback positions, was the team's leading scorer with 50 points on 11 touchdowns (four points each) and three kicks for goal from touchdown (two points each).  Jewett was also the first African American to play football at Michigan.
Horace Greely Prettyman provided a training table at which football candidates could eat supper, and a bath and dressing room for use by the football players was established in the basement of the medical building.
Two new players stood out in the pre-season practice sessions: halfback George Jewett, who had "played a rattling game" for Ann Arbor High School in 1889; and center Thomas L. Chadbourne, who had played center for Phillips Exeter Academy in 1889.  Although Jewett in 1890 became the first African American to play football for Michigan, no mention of his race is found in the pre-season coverage.
By mid-October 1890, as the football season began, the University of Michigan had an enrollment of 2,246 students. The U. of M. Daily expressed concern when "only about a dozen men were out for foot-ball practice" on October 6, five days before the opening game.
Michigan's lineup against Albion was Roger Sherman (left end), S. Sherman (left tackle), Trainer (left guard), Chadbourne (center), Sutherland (right guard), Malley (right tackle), James Van Inwagen (right end), Abbott (quarterback), George Jewett and Lawrence Grosh (halfbacks), and George Dygert (fullback).
Michigan's starting lineup against D.A.C. was Roger Sherman (left end), S. Sherman (left tackle), Clark J. Sutherland (left guard), Thomas L. Chadbourne (center), David Trainer Jr. (right guard), William C. Malley (right tackle), Thomas L. McKean (right end), George S. Holden (quarterback), George Jewett (left halback), Lawrence C. Grosh (right halfback), and George Dygert (fullback).  William Pearson appeared after Trainer was ejected from the game.
The game was the first between two football programs that would later become members of the Big Ten Conference.  It received a total of six lines of coverage in the Detroit Free Press.  The newspaper noted: "The game was hotly contested.  James E. Duffy, the famous halfback of the team of '88 and '89, played in the game, relieving Jewett, who was injured."
Michigan's lineup against Purdue was Roger Sherman (left end), Pearson (left tackle), Trainer (left guard), Chadbourne (center), S. Sherman (right guard), Malley (right tackle), McKeon (right end), Holden (quarterback), Jewett, Grosh, and Duffy (halfbacks), and George Dygert (fullback).
Michigan's lineup against Cornell was Roger Sherman (left end), Horace Greely Prettyman (left tackle), David Trainer Jr. (left guard), Chadbourne (center), Clark J. Sutherland (right guard), Malley, William W. Harless, and William W. Pearson (right tackle), Thomas L. McKean (right end), George S. Holden (quarterback), Duffy and Malley (halfback), Lawrence C. Grosh (halfback), and Jewett and Duffy (fullback).
After losing to Cornell, Michigan cancelled a game that had been scheduled with DePauw for November 22. The team's management that the benefit of a game with "a somewhat weak team" was outweighed by the expense to be incurred in bringing the DePauw team to Ann Arbor.
The following 13 players received varsity letters for their participation on the 1890 Michigan football team.
Forensic Heroes IV is a 2020 police procedural television drama and the fourth installment of the Forensic Heroes series. Produced by Television Broadcasts Limited (TVB), Mui Siu-ching serves as the drama's executive producer. The drama closely follows a team of professionals of the Forensic Science and Forensic Pathology departments who work closely with the Kowloon West Regional Crime Unit to crack cases.
In episode 14, he learnt about how Ko Sin was abducted twenty three years ago from Chris, who was forced to take part in the abduction, and decided to forgive her, considering her to be a victim as well.
Ko On originally had a steady relationship with his girlfriend, Monique, though they break up in episode 20 as Monique chose to accompany her first love to the end of his life.
Queen became close with King Sir due to their consistent cooperation at work. In episode 16, she found out that her boyfriend, Louis, and her best friend, Elaine, had a one night stand so she broke up with him. In episode 21, Louis was killed and Queen was accused as the murder suspect. 
When King Sir was young, he watched waves with his brother-in-law at the seaside during a typhoon and accidentally fell into the sea. Although he managed to survive, his brother-in-law lost his life for trying to save him. Therefore, his elder sister had a distant relationship with him and he had been feeling guilty for his sister and niece. He rents out his flat to earn school fees for his niece to study abroad. The siblings eventually reconcile in episode 27.
In episode 25, her friend Paul managed to trace Ko Sin's whereabouts to an orphanage in San Francisco. Chris told Ko On about the news and Ko Sin contacted him to meet up. She had a crush on Ko On and became his girlfriend in the final episode.
The Prospector's Vengeance is a 1920 American short silent Western film directed by B. Reeves Eason.
Sadia S.A. is a major Brazilian food producer that has been a subsidiary of BRF S.A. since 2009. It is among the world's leading producers of frozen foods, and is Brazil's main exporter of meat-based products.
As of 2008, Sadia had about 20 industrial plants that together produced over 2.3 million tons of food including chicken, turkey, pork and beef, pasta, margarine, desserts, and other products. The company supplies over 70 thousand direct points of sale in Brazil and exports to over 100 countries.
In March 2017, BRF was revealed to have sold processed rotten meat, resulting in food scares and worldwide recalls.
This food and/or confectionery corporation or company-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This fifth entry was produced at the same period of time as the fourth entry. The film started shooting on November 4, 2018 and finished on June 28, 2019. Large-scale shooting for more than 7 months was carried out at 43 locations nationwide, including Kyoto, Nara, Shiga, Mie, Hyogo, Kumamoto, Hiroshima, Tochigi, Saitama, Shizuoka, Osaka, and Nagano. It utilized a total of 6,000 extras.
Rurouni Kenshin: The Beginning opened in the first place at the Japanese box office, selling 350,000 tickets for over 508 million yen (about US$4.7 million) in its opening weekend. Rurouni Kenshin: The Final ranked at #2 that weekend, making Rurouni Kenshin the first franchise to take the top two spots at the Japanese box office in the same weekend. In total, the film has grossed $21,318,560 at the Japanese box office.
Rurouni Kenshin: The Beginning was released in Japanese theatres on June 4, 2021. It was released on Netflix globally on July 30, 2021.
In 1951 he returned to Germany and was successful once again singing the role of Leopold the waiter (The White Horse Inn) in Hamburg and at Berlin's Theater am Nollendorfplatz. In 1953 Hansen moved back to Copenhagen, where he died in 1961.
In 2004 the German director Douglas Wolfsperger portrayed Hansen in his documentary "War'n Sie schon mal in mich verliebt?"
As of May 2011, 14 of the journals that make up the Proceedings were included in the Journal Citation Reports.
Stanley and Alder Carrs, Aldeby is a 42.7-hectare (106-acre) biological Site of Special Scientific Interest east of Gillingham in Norfolk. It is part of the Broadland Ramsar site and Special Protection Area, and The Broads Special Area of Conservation.
Most of this site is alder carr woodland next to the River Waveney, which is often flooded. It has a diverse insect fauna. There are also areas of open fen with plants including common reed, reed canary grass and hemp-agrimony.
Commando is the autobiography of guitarist and songwriter Johnny Ramone of the punk rock band The Ramones. The book was released in 2012 by Linda Ramone, surviving spouse of Johnny Ramone, following the death of Johnny in 2004 from prostate cancer.
Commando is an autobiography on the life of Johnny Ramone. He began writing the book in 1999 when he was diagnosed with prostate cancer. In an interview with Billboard Magazine, Linda Ramone stated:
It is a really powerful book because his whole life has gone before him and he knows it's going to come to an end, and he really needs to tell everybody what he's feeling inside, so that's what makes it so amazing. That is the biggest, most powerful thing, writing a book when you know you're dying.
The epilogue was written by Lisa Marie Presley, a close friend of Johnny and Linda Ramone. The foreword of the book was written by the only surviving original member of The Ramones at that time, Tommy Ramone. Tommy was quoted as saying:
[the book] is a no holds barred, straight-forward book written in a no-nonsense style that is Johnny personified. His story is written in his own actual words, so the reader gets an insight into what made him the unique, charismatic and exciting individual that he was. It also gives a great view of The Ramones from Johnny's perspective.
The book was released in April 2012. Prior to and following the release, Linda Ramone promoted the book by giving numerous interviews in both print and televised national media, including Fox News, Billboard Magazine, and MTV. The book was reviewed by numerous well known publications including the Houston Chronicle, the National Post, PopMatters, and MTV which called the book a must-have for any Ramones fan.
Tommy Ford (born March 20, 1989) is a World Cup alpine ski racer from the United States. He specializes in giant slalom and super-G; his best World Cup result to date is a first place finish at a giant slalom event in December of 2019.  He has represented the US in two Winter Olympics and four World Championships.
Born and raised in Bend, Oregon, Ford was on skis at age two, as both his parents were racers and coaches. He skied and raced at nearby Mount Bachelor and later attended Dartmouth College in New Hampshire, and has won eight titles at the U.S. Alpine Championships.
During the 2013 season, Ford fractured his right femur in mid-January while free skiing in La Clusaz, France. Following surgery in Annecy, he returned to the U.S. and missed over two years, including the 2013 World Championships and 2014 Winter Olympics. During the 2017 season, Ford had five top-20 finishes in giant slalom and was 25th in the season standings.
During the 2019 season, Ford had four top-ten finishes in giant slaloms and was tenth in the GS season standings.  
The women's individual all-around was a gymnastics event contested as part of the Gymnastics at the 1964 Summer Olympics programme at the Tokyo Metropolitan Gymnasium.
The score for the individual all-around was a simple sum of each gymnast's preliminary scores from the four apparatus events.
Northern Championship Wrestling (Les Promotions NCW Inc.) is an independent professional wrestling promotion based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
On August 13, 2005, shortly after his departure from World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), the promotion hosted Lance Storm for a show called SummerStorm in order to promote his new Storm Wrestling Academy. Storm got involved in the main event, doing a run-in to help Manuel Vegas retain the NCW Quebec title against Chakal.
Sylvain Grenier wrestled for the promotion from November 2002 until starting full-time with WWE at No Way Out 2003. He first wrestled former NCW Quebec Champion Manuel Vegas, then defeated NCW wrestlers Chakal, Chase Ironside and Nova Cain.
On August 23, 2008, NCW hosted a wrestling SuperShow involving The Honky Tonk Man, Johnny Devine and Bushwhacker Luke.
Since 1995, NCW wrestlers such as Chakal, Franky The Mobster, Nova Cain and Don Paysan have been ranked in the Pro Wrestling Illustrated's PWI 500.
In September 2009, nCw hosted their first edition of NCW Femmes Fatales which regrouped many fighting female in North America. NCW Femmes Fatales was announced in April 2010 to be part of the Female Fight League during the 45th Edition of the Cauliflower Alley Club Reunion in Las Vegas.
In November 2009, they gave an hommage to Maurice Vachon and Paul Vachon as part of a documentary tracing back Mad Dog's career.
Blair resigned on October 25, 1795, and died in Williamsburg in 1800, at 68. He was buried at the Bruton Parish Episcopal Church Cemetery in Williamsburg. Blair was a Freemason.  He was named Grand Master of Freemasons in Virginia under the newly organized Grand Lodge of Virginia in 1778. Blair Street in Madison, Wisconsin is named in his honor.
We shall take care that never again in Germany, the heart of Europe, will the Jewish-Bolshevik revolution of subhumans be able to be kindled either from within or through emissaries from without.
After Hitler and the Nazi Party came to power on 30 January 1933, the SS was considered a state organization and a branch of the government. Law enforcement gradually became the purview of the SS, and many SS organizations became de facto government agencies.
On 10 May 1940, Hitler launched the Battle of France, a major offensive against France and the Low Countries. The SS supplied two of the 89 divisions employed. The LSSAH and elements of the SS-VT participated in the ground invasion of the Battle of the Netherlands. Simultaneously, airborne troops were dropped to capture key Dutch airfields, bridges, and railways. In the five-day campaign, the LSSAH linked up with army units and airborne troops after several clashes with Dutch defenders.
On 22 June 1941, Hitler launched Operation Barbarossa, the invasion of the Soviet Union. The expanding war and the need to control occupied territories provided the conditions for Himmler to further consolidate the police and military organs of the SS. Rapid acquisition of vast territories in the East placed considerable strain on the SS police organizations as they struggled to adjust to the changing security challenges.
The 1st and 2nd SS Infantry Brigades, which had been formed from surplus concentration camp guards of the SS-TV, and the SS Cavalry Brigade moved into the Soviet Union behind the advancing armies. At first, they fought Soviet partisans, but by the autumn of 1941, they left the anti-partisan role to other units and actively took part in the Holocaust. While assisting the Einsatzgruppen, they formed firing parties that participated in the liquidation of the Jewish population of the Soviet Union.
After the start of the war, Himmler intensified the activity of the SS within Germany and in Nazi-occupied Europe. Increasing numbers of Jews and German citizens deemed politically suspect or social outsiders were arrested. As the Nazi regime became more oppressive, the concentration camp system grew in size and lethal operation, and grew in scope as the economic ambitions of the SS intensified.
Waffen-SS units that had survived the summer campaigns were withdrawn from the front line to refit. Two of them, the 9th SS and 10th SS Panzer Divisions, did so in the Arnhem region of Holland in early September 1944. Coincidentally, on 17 September, the Allies launched in the same area Operation Market Garden, a combined airborne and land operation designed to seize control of the lower Rhine. The 9th and 10th Panzers were among the units that repulsed the attack.
By this time, on both the Eastern and Western Front, the activities of the SS were becoming clear to the Allies, as the concentration and extermination camps were being overrun. Allied troops were filled with disbelief and repugnance at the evidence of Nazi brutality in the camps.
Heydrich was attacked in Prague on 27 May 1942 by a British-trained team of Czech and Slovak soldiers who had been sent by the Czechoslovak government-in-exile to assassinate him in Operation Anthropoid. He died from his injuries a week later.[c] Himmler ran the RSHA personally until 30 January 1943, when Heydrich's positions were taken over by Ernst Kaltenbrunner.
The last Einsatzgruppen were disbanded in mid-1944 (although some continued to exist on paper until 1945) due to the German retreat on both fronts and the consequent inability to continue extermination activities. Former Einsatzgruppen members were either assigned duties in the Waffen-SS or concentration camps. Twenty-four Einsatzgruppen commanders were tried for war crimes following the war.
The SS-Mannschaften (Auxiliary-SS) were not considered regular SS members, but were conscripted from other branches of the German military, the Nazi Party, the SA, and the Volkssturm for service in concentration camps and extermination camps.
The Indian Legion was a Wehrmacht unit formed in August 1942 chiefly from disaffected Indian soldiers of the British Indian Army captured in the North African Campaign. In August 1944 it was transferred to the auspices of the Waffen-SS as the Indische Freiwilligen-Legion der Waffen-SS. There was also a French volunteer division, SS-Charlemagne, which was formed in 1944 mainly from the remnants of the Legion of French Volunteers Against Bolshevism and French Sturmbrigade.
After 1933 a career in the SS became increasingly attractive to Germany's social elite, who began joining the movement in great numbers, usually motivated by political opportunism. By 1938 about one-third of the SS leadership were members of the upper middle class. The trend reversed after the first Soviet counter-offensive of 1942.
Leopold von Wiese's Ethik is divided into a "general" and a "specific part": The first part consists of eight chapters: 1) the word "ethics", 2) a "methodological foundation", 3) a "history of ideas, the foundation", and 4) a "systematic foundation", 5) a "distinct from related display modes", 6)" Principles of individual ethics with a pathetic discourse on ethics and unemotional ", 7)" Broad social ethics, and 8) "imperatives".
Novokilmetovo is located 47 km northwest of Mishkino (the district's administrative centre) by road. Churayevo is the nearest rural locality.
This Mishkinsky District, Bashkortostan location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
"You Can" is a 1981 single by Madleen Kane and produced by Giorgio Moroder. The song was written by Yolanda Yvette Adams, Donald Ray Atkins and Marcus Ecby.  Along with the track, "Fire in My Heart", "You Can" was Kane's most successful single on the dance charts, spending three weeks at number one.  The single was her only Hot 100 chart entry, peaking at #77.
Great Hollands is a suburb of Bracknell in Berkshire, England. It takes its name from a medieval field-name of Easthampstead parish, which it was previously in. Building of the estate began around 1967 as the town continued to expand.
Facilities include a shopping centre, library, community centre, the William Twigg public house and Great Hollands Primary School . There are a number of light industrial units near the shopping centre.
The development of Great Hollands neighbourhood was originally closely linked with the growth of the Bracknell company, Sperry, which was at the time Bracknell's largest employer. The only memory now left of this company is the concrete gyroscope, which is situated on one of the roundabouts on the Wokingham Road, opposite which Sperry's main building once stood.   The site is now the Arlington Square Complex.
Some of the first people to move to Great Hollands complained of the delay in the provision of a primary school, shops (especially a chemist) and public telephones. Temporary shops were provided (two houses in Abbotsbury were used - one a Londis store, and the other a newsagent). A community centre was improvised in converted premises (East Lodge).
The population of Great Hollands had passed the 3000 mark before the neighbourhood centre known today began to take shape.   Sixteen shops opened during 1971, followed somewhat later by the William Twigg public house and, later still, by a primary school.
In its fully developed form, Great Hollands has a number of features which distinguish it from some of Bracknell's original housing estates. There was a large proportion of private housing built. The neighbourhood centre was planned more comprehensively and included a small amount of light industry. The primary school, a community centre and a branch of the library were all constructed.
In 1976 the town's first purpose-built health centre opened its doors in the Great Hollands neighbourhood centre.
Traffic segregation, which was originally started when Wildridings was constructed, was considerably extended along the same lines in Great Hollands.
The neighbourhood streets branched off a circular road called Ringmead and they were all named in alphabetical order:  Abbotsbury, Ambassador, Appledore and so on ending with Yardley. Many of the names were very familiar ones to the Londoners who moved here as they were the old names of the London telephone exchanges.
KMLM-DT, virtual channel 42 (UHF digital channel 15), is a religious television station licensed to Odessa, Texas, United States, serving as the flagship station of God's Learning Channel. The station is owned by Prime Time Christian Broadcasting. KMLM's studios are located in Odessa, and its transmitter is located near Gardendale. KMLM also operates satellite station KPCB-DT (virtual and UHF digital channel 17) in Snyder, with transmitter north of the city.
In addition to KPCB, KMLM operates two other satellite stations, relaying its signal into northwest Texas:
Crazy Peoples Right to Speak is the third album by English new wave band Kajagoogoo, released in 1985 by Parlophone. The album was not a commercial success and failed to make the UK Top 100. The only single from the album, "Shouldn't Do That", reached No. 63 in the UK.
For this release, the band had shortened its name to Kaja, a name the band had previously used for the U.S. release of their second album, Islands. By this time, the band was a three-piece, as drummer Jez Strode had quit in 1984.
Adam Krzysztof Struzik (born January 1, 1957 in Kutno, Poland) is a Polish medical doctor and politician, serving as the current Marshal of Masovian Voivodeship since December 2001. Struzik previously served as Marshal of the Polish Senate between 1993 and 1997.
This biographical article about a Polish politician is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
He finished his secondary education in 1943 and took Stavanger Commerce School in 1944. In 1950 he graduated with the cand.oecon. degree from the University of Oslo. He was hired as a secretary in Statistics Norway in 1949 and was promoted to acting assisting secretary in 1954 before moving on to become head of department in the Bank of Norway in 1955.
This article about a Norwegian politician born in the 1920s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
A DNA polymerase is a member of a family of enzymes that catalyze the synthesis of DNA molecules from nucleoside triphosphates, the molecular precursors of DNA. These enzymes are essential for DNA replication and usually work in groups to create two identical DNA duplexes from a single original DNA duplex. During this process, DNA polymerase "reads" the existing DNA strands to create two new strands that match the existing ones. These enzymes catalyze the chemical reaction
DNA polymerase adds nucleotides to the three prime (3')-end of a DNA strand, one nucleotide at a time. Every time a cell divides, DNA polymerases are required to duplicate the cell's DNA, so that a copy of the original DNA molecule can be passed to each daughter cell. In this way, genetic information is passed down from generation to generation.
Before replication can take place, an enzyme called helicase unwinds the DNA molecule from its tightly woven form, in the process breaking the hydrogen bonds between the nucleotide bases. This opens up or "unzips" the double-stranded DNA to give two single strands of DNA that can be used as templates for replication in the above reaction.
The main function of DNA polymerase is to synthesize DNA from deoxyribonucleotides, the building blocks of DNA. The DNA copies are created by the pairing of nucleotides to bases present on each strand of the original DNA molecule. This pairing always occurs in specific combinations, with cytosine along with guanine, and thymine along with adenine, forming two separate pairs, respectively. By contrast, RNA polymerases synthesize RNA from ribonucleotides from either RNA or DNA.
Based on sequence homology, DNA polymerases can be further subdivided into seven different families: A, B, C, D, X, Y, and RT.
Some viruses also encode special DNA polymerases, such as Hepatitis B virus DNA polymerase. These may selectively replicate viral DNA through a variety of mechanisms. Retroviruses encode an unusual DNA polymerase called reverse transcriptase, which is an RNA-dependent DNA polymerase (RdDp). It polymerizes DNA from a template of RNA.
Prokaryotic polymerases exist in two forms: core polymerase and holoenzyme. Core polymerase synthesizes DNA from the DNA template but it cannot initiate the synthesis alone or accurately. Holoenzyme accurately initiates synthesis.
Each HIV retrovirus particle contains two RNA genomes, but, after an infection, each virus generates only one provirus.  After infection, reverse transcription is accompanied by template switching between the two genome copies (copy choice recombination).  From 5 to 14 recombination events per genome occur at each replication cycle.  Template switching (recombination) appears to be necessary for maintaining genome integrity and as a repair mechanism for salvaging damaged genomes.
It was proposed that a mutational alteration in the phage DNA polymerase can stimulate template strand switching (copy choice recombination) during replication.
In 2016, Terehova met professional fighter Dave Leduc when she took a trip to Thailand. The two had never met before, but after writing a story on him on MTL Blog, Terehova decided to leave Canada and meet him in Phuket. The trip was supposed to last two weeks, but Terehova decided to stay and live with Leduc. Journal de Montreal and Huffington Post Quebec both covered her romantic exile, labeling it The Romance Story of the Year.
In 2017, Terehova and her husband started getting involved with children at NLD AIDS center in Yangon, who are infected with HIV/AIDS virus, bringing them chocolate and treats, as well as giving undisclosed donations.
On 13 December 2016, the two got married in a traditional Burmese wedding ceremony at the Central Hotel in Yangon, Myanmar. The ceremony was nationally televised on MRTV with an approximate audience of 2 million viewers, catapulting them to the status of celebrity in Myanmar.
In 2015, Terehova started her personal blog where she wrote a piece Things I Hate About Dating And Relationships in Canada. It sparked various debates in worldwide media, especially in Russia and Canada. She gained widespread attention because of her writing style and subjects. The same year she got approached to join the MTL Blog team.
While at MTL Blog as Irina Tee, Terehova wrote multiple provocative articles about relationships and dating. She received criticism for allegedly supporting misogyny. Irina became the subject of requests from readers asking for her demission, thus making her even more popular.
In 2017, Terehova became a guest writer at Jetli.com, a special community built by Jet Li, to share the philosophies about kung Fu and other martial arts.
In 2004, at 15 years old, Terehova secretly entered a Montreal pageant in Miss Soyuz, reserved for adults and won 1st place. She started her modeling career signing with NEXT Model Management in Montreal. Terehova executed modeling contracts for Loreal, La Senza, Escada and Rusk. She was featured in Canadian magazines such as Marie Claire and LOU LOU.[citation needed]
 In 2009, Terehova was chosen to feature as the Race Queen in the EA and Ghost Games celebratory video created for the Need for Speed series.
Dave and Irina led the charge out of Thunder Bay to Wolfville, Nova Scotia, but faltered at the apple sorting challenge and were eventually the last team to meet host Jon Montgomery at the mat at Luckett Vineyards.
Virtual Eye, the sports division of Animation Research Limited (ARL), specialises in real time sports animations. Based in Dunedin, New Zealand, the company provides its services to a wide range of sports and sports organisations around the world.
Most widely known for its real time sailing graphics package, Virtual Eye is also involved in golf, cricket, motorsport, and a variety of air sports.
Lareine (stylized as LAREINE) was a Japanese visual kei rock band formed in 1994. The band's name is reported to have come from the French Queen Marie Antoinette. In 1999 the group signed to Sony, later in 2000 when all other members left, Kamijo created Applause Records. After a number of line-up changes and the release of several albums, EPs and singles, the group disbanded in 2007.
Although all other member's left, Kamijo decided to continue Lareine alone and created his own record label, Applause Records. This "solo project" continued until 2001 when he ceased Lareine activity and formed New Sodmy with Mayu. But New Sodmy only lasted a year up to 2002 and so Lareine resumed activity.
On March 26, 2003 Emiru announced he was rejoining Lareine, as was new drummer Kazumi. On May 17, at a concert, Mayu also rejoined the group. On September 5, 2004 the album Never Cage was released.
Jeffrey Lynn Newman (born September 11, 1948) is an American former Major League Baseball catcher. Newman was drafted by the Cleveland Indians in the 26th round of the 1970 Major League Baseball Draft. He made his MLB debut in 1976. He was an All Star in 1979. He served as the interim manager of the Oakland Athletics in 1986.
Newman was born in Forth Worth, Texas, and is Jewish. He attended Paschal High School, where he played baseball and basketball. He later lived in Danville, California.
Newman is a convert to Judaism, having in 1970 converted in an Orthodox ceremony. His son, Ryan, was an infielder for three years in the Pittsburgh Pirates' organization before becoming a coach for the 2005 Gulf Coast League Pirates.
Newman was a History major at Texas Christian University, where he earned a B.S. in Education and also earned All-America honors as a third baseman in 1968. In his sophomore year after batting .350 he was All-Southwest Conference First Team and All NCAA All-District First Team as well as NCAA All American Third Team, and in 1969 as a junior he batted .345, set university records in RBIs (44) and hits (57), and was All-Conference and All-District First Team.
He didn't begin catching until 1972 with the Reno Silver Sox. He spent six seasons in the Indians' farm system, batting .259 with 73 home runs and 333 runs batted in when the Oakland A's purchased his contract in October 1975.
He was batting .229 with 16 home runs and 52 RBIs when he was selected by AL manager Bob Lemon as Oakland's sole representative at the 1979 Major League Baseball All-Star Game. For the season, he hit 22 home runs and drove in 71 runs, both career highs. He also threw out 46.8% of attempted base-stealers, fourth-best of all catchers in the American League.
At the start of the December 1982 Winter Meetings, the A's sent Newman and outfielder Tony Armas to the Boston Red Sox for Carney Lansford, Garry Hancock, and minor leaguer Jerry King.
When the Red Sox originally acquired Newman in 1982, it was with the intent that he would be the back-up to Rich Gedman behind the plate. However, he soon fell to third in the depth chart behind Gary Allenson. He was released during spring training in April 1985.
Peter Carravetta (born 10 May 1951 in Lappano) is an Italian philosopher, poet, literary theorist and translator.
Octopussy, also known as 8Pussy, is a  free and open-source computer-software which monitors  systems, by constantly analyzing the syslog data they generate and transmit to such a central Octopussy server (thus often called a SIEM solution). Therefore, software like Octopussy plays an important role in maintaining an information security management system within ISO/IEC 27001-compliant environments.
Although Octopussy is free and open-source software it has a variety of characteristics also found in some professional enterprise applications like Splunk, SAWMILL or Kiwi Syslog.
The software requires RSYSLOG installed on the syslog-server and expects systems that are monitored to run one of the numerous available syslog services, like e.g. syslogd/klogd, RSYSLOG or syslog-ng.
Octopussy receives syslog messages via syslog protocol and therefore behaves passively, not running any type of network agent on the remote machines under monitoring/surveillance. Octopussy completely conforms to RfC 3164 and RfC 3195 of the IETF, describing syslog as the logging mechanism in Unix-like/BSD operating systems. That especially includes the internal representation of the facility and severity-principle where applicable.
The Octo-Parser and Octo-Uparser are two of Octopussy's most important core components. The Octo-Parser is the program used by the Octopussy software to parse logs in syslog format for each device registered within Octopussy. It basically uses a regex-engine and commences pattern matching on incoming syslog messages. The Octo-Uparser is restarted every time device's services are changed, to check if previously received "unknown" log messages can be associated with a service.
In some cases Octo-Pusher is also called in advance to process non-syslog messages incoming from some devices. In that regard, the device setting "asynchronous" is helpful to process such log messages, after they were sent to an Octopussy server using e.g. FTP, rsync or SSH/SCP.
The Octopussy interface (GUI) is the default user-interface and provides configuration management, device and service management as well as alert definition and therefore extends the Octopussy core components. Devices are displayed in tabular form on the Devices page, with the following descriptors as a minimum: hostname, IP address, log type, device model/type, FQDN and OS.
Hence, the interface (Octo-Web) mainly provides access to other Octopussy core components like Octo-Commander, Octo-Message-Finder, Octo-Reporter and Octo-Statistic-Reporter. The Octopussy front-end/GUI is written in Perl 5, employing Apache::ASP to structure and display content.
In addition to that, Octopussy core services can also be accessed from the operating system shell. That represents a convenient way for administrators to start/stop services or make fundamental configuration changes.
There is a plug-in/module system in Octopussy, which is mainly geared towards the modification of Octopussy reports. Such a plug-in consists out of a description file, which defines the plug-in name and functions, and a code file with perl code to process the actual data.
There are also extensions for software related to Octopussy, like e.g. a Nagios plug-in that checks the Octopussy core services (i.e. Octo-Dispatcher, Octo-Scheduler, etc.) as well as the Octopussy parser states and log partitions.
Usually the logs wizard is used to search the system for unrecognized syslog messages per device to generate new service patterns. During the process the creation of patterns should be in a way that enables Octopussy to distinguish messages based on their severity and taxonomy.
Merrick ran for election to the Alaska House to succeed Lora Reinbold, who ran for the Alaska Senate. Merrick defeated Jamie Allard and Eugene Harnett in a 3-way race of the Republican primary and nonpartisan Joe Hackenmueller in the general election.
This article relating to the superfamily Zygaenoidea is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The libSBML library is free software released under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2.1 of the License, or any later version.  LibSBML was developed thanks to funding from many agencies, particularly the National Institute of General Medical Sciences (NIGMS, USA) as well as the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA, USA) under the Bio-SPICE program.
LibSBML uses software objects (i.e., instances of classes) that correspond to SBML components, with member variables representing the attributes of the corresponding SBML objects.  The libSBML API is constructed to provide an intuitive way of relating SBML and the code needed to create or manipulate it with a class hierarchy that mimics the SBML structure.  More information about the libSBML objects is available in the libSBML API documentation.
LibSBML enables reading from and writing to either files or strings. Once an SBML document is read, libSBML stores the SBML content in an SBMLDocument object.  This object can be written out again later. The following is an example written in Python:
The libSBML API allows easy creation of objects and subobjects representing SBML elements and the subelements contained within them.  The following is an example written in C++:
Each component in SBML has a number of attributes associated with it. These are stored as member variables of a given class, and libSBML provides functions to retrieve and query these values. The syntax of these functions is consistent throughout libSBML. The following is an example written in Python:
The List of United Kingdom Speedway League Riders' Champions is the list of individual riders who have won the United Kingdom's League Riders' Championship that corresponded to the relevant league at the time. The list is split into three divisions, the top tier, the second tier and third tier, all three divisions have been known in various guises such as National League, Premier League, Elite League and many more. This list gives a complete listing of the winners for each season.
Shavahn Nikole Church (born May 3, 1989 in Van Nuys, Los Angeles, California) is a American-British artistic gymnast who lives and trained in California. She formerly competed for the United States but decided in 2005 to represent Great Britain.
Church was born and raised in the California to British parents Raymond and Mandy Church. She has two sisters, Carley and Jade, who were also born in the United Kingdom. Her grandparents live in England.
Church was a member of the U.S. Junior National Team in 2003. In 2004, she competed at the American Classic, finishing third on floor exercise and fifth all-around. Her placements qualified her for the U.S. championships in June 2004, where she broke her hand on her first event, the uneven bars.
Following an October 2004 ACL tear and faced with the likelihood of not making the U.S. Worlds team for 2005, Church decided to switch to competing for Great Britain while continuing to live and train in the U.S. She made her major international debut at the 2005 World Championships in Melbourne. Not fully recovered from an injury and severely out of competition practice, she placed 20th in the all-around.
Church was also a member of the British team for the 2006 European Championships in Greece. She had hopes of more success on bars (her highest Commonwealth Games score would have qualified her to the European finals), but injury struck in the qualifying rounds and she was unable to complete the competition. Later in 2006, she underwent surgery, and the recovery kept her out of further competition that year.
As a member of the University of California, Los Angeles women's gymnastics team, Church's competition debut was delayed after arthroscopic surgery on her right knee. In 2008, her only year of competition, she scored a season-best (9.875) at the NCAA Women's Gymnastics Championships, which was her final gymnastics meet. She was named a UCLA letterwinner for the year.
In July 2008, Church announced her retirement from gymnastics and began a coaching career in California.
Daniel Fulanse (born 5 February 1962) is a Zambian boxer. He competed in the men's light welterweight event at the 1992 Summer Olympics.
This biographical article related to a Zambian boxer is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
From these left-over materials, Serra and the Pei team built a crescent-shaped extension onto the water. This pier took over three years to build, with the help of the Pei team and architect Hiroshi Okamoto. During its construction, the pier needed extensive engineering and underwater reinforcements, positioned by a team of deep-sea divers, for stabilization.
The unveiling of 7 was attended by Sheikh bin Khalifa Al-Thani, Sheikha Al-Mayassa bint Hamad bin Khalifa Al-Thani, other royals of the House of Thani, and more than 700 guests. At the ceremony, the Qatar Philharmonic Orchestra performed Hughes de Courson's "The Magic Lutes" and Serra spoke about its origins and his own research.
John Stansfield "Sandy" Parkinson is an American biologist, currently a Distinguished Professor at University of Utah.  He was the chairman of the Department of Biology at University of Utah.
This article about a biologist from the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Martin Luther High School was built after World War II as the second school of the Lutheran High School Association of Greater Milwaukee. It was designed to serve over 800 students. The campus has a drug- and smoke-free policy.
The school has a college preparatory program that focuses on mathematics, literature, history, the arts and foreign language.
The school has three bands, the Spartan, the Varsity and the Symphonic Band. Symphonic Band is an audition-only band that has toured in Colorado, Texas, Tennessee, Florida and Washington D.C.[citation needed] Small ensembles include Jazz Band, Brass Choir, Flute Choir, Clarinet Choir, Woodwind Ensemble, Sax Choir and Pep Band.
There is a choir program comprising four choirs, including a men's and women's choir and two mixed choirs. The top choir, the Concert Choir, has toured in New York, California and Washington D.C. and has performed at choir competitions throughout the area. Students participate in the District Wisconsin State Music Association Contest in the spring.
Music classes cover the study of humanities, advanced music and independent study music theory. The music computer laboratory allows students to write music and familiarize themselves with music technology such as ACID, Reason and Sibelius music notation software.
Ghent Creek rises in a pond about 0.5 miles northwest of Five Forks, North Carolina, and then flows northeast to join the Hyco River about 4 miles north-northwest of Woodsdale.
This article about a location in Person County, North Carolina is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Prisoner of Ice (also Call of Cthulhu: Prisoner of Ice) is an adventure game developed and released by Infogrames for the PC and Macintosh computers in 1995 in America and Europe. It is based on H. P. Lovecraft's Cthulhu Mythos, particularly At the Mountains of Madness, and is a follow-up to Infogrames' earlier Shadow of the Comet. In 1997, the game was ported to the Sega Saturn and PlayStation exclusively in Japan.
Late in the game, in Argentina, Ryan meets John Parker, the central character from Shadow of the Comet, and reveals the links between the two games. Narackamous, the main antagonist of Shadow of the Comet, also returns. 
The game involves solving puzzles through a point and click user interface. The player can examine any item and, depending on the item, either pick it up, use another item on it, or operate it in some way.
Some puzzles, if not completed within a short span of time (always less than a minute), will result in a game over. To ensure that the player does not get stuck by saving their game at a point from which they cannot possibly complete a puzzle in time, the game autosaves onto a separate save file at the beginning of each timed puzzle.
The game was released for PC DOS, PC Windows and Macintosh computer platforms in America (where it was published by I Motion) and Europe in 1995. It was released as Call of Cthulhu: Prisoner of Ice in PAL territories.
In Japan, the game was released in 1997 as Prisoner of Ice: Jashin Kourin, and ported to the Sega Saturn and Sony PlayStation game consoles. These ports contain no enhancements from the PC versions. The English voice acting of the PC version is retained, but the text which appears when examining or picking up objects is translated to Japanese. The Saturn version is compatible with the Netlink Mouse.
In 2015, Prisoner of Ice and Shadow of the Comet were re-released as DRM-free on GOG.com for modern computers.
A reviewer for Next Generation gave the PC version three out of five stars, praising the gripping storyline, beautiful animation, and eerie atmosphere, but criticized the "emotionless" voice acting. He concluded, "It's worth checking out for the great storyline and art, but not good for much else."
The historical basis for the MM algorithm can be dated back to at least 1970, when Ortega and Rheinboldt were performing studies related to line search methods. The same concept continued to reappear in different areas in different forms. In 2000, Hunter and Lange put forth "MM" as a general framework. Recent studies[who?] have applied the method in a wide range of subject areas, such as mathematics, statistics, machine learning and engineering.[citation needed]
The MM algorithm works by finding a surrogate function that minorizes or majorizes the objective function. Optimizing the surrogate function will either improve the value of the objective function or leave it unchanged.
One can use any inequality to construct the desired majorized/minorized version of the objective function. Typical choices include
The Housing Act 1996 is an Act of Parliament in the United Kingdom. Part VII of the Act concerns the duties that a local authority has to homeless people and when these duties arise. Section 189 of the Act concerns the "priority need" hurdle that a homelessness application must pass for a Council to have a duty to provide interim accommodation.
Monica Mesalles (born (1987-10-02)2 October 1987) was a Spanish female artistic gymnast, representing her nation at international competitions.  
She participated at the 2004 Summer Olympics.  She also competed at world championships, including the 2003 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships in Anaheim.
This biographical article related to Spanish artistic gymnastics is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Aadil Assana (born 27 January 1993) is a Comorian football player who most recently played for Marignane Gignac FC. He primarily plays as a defensive midfielder.
Bone Hard Zaggin' is a limited edition (333 copies) vinyl EP release by Girl Talk released by 333 Recordings.
Aethalochroa affinis, commonly known as the Pakistani stick mantis, is a species of praying mantis in the genus Aethalochroa native to Pakistan.
Darrel Damoo (born 22 September 1989) is a Seychellois football striker who plays for The Lions FC. He was a squad member for the 2019 COSAFA Cup and the 2019 Indian Ocean Island Games.
This biographical article related to Seychellois association football is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
"Two Hearts Beat as One" is a song by Irish rock band U2. It is the seventh track on their 1983 album, War, and was released as its second single in the United States, United Kingdom, and Australia on 21 March 1983.
The music video was directed by Meiert Avis and was filmed on Montmartre in Paris in March 1983 and portrays the band performing the song, intercut with scenes of an acrobat and other scenes featuring Peter Rowen (the boy who appears on the album cover). Unlike the other videos from the album, it has never been included on any of the band's video compilations.
It was released as the album's second single in the US, UK and Australia, as opposed to "Sunday Bloody Sunday", which was released only in the mainland of Europe. Both singles were released in Japan.
"Two Hearts Beat as One" features a bassline by Adam Clayton which is played at the beginning of the song.
A live performance of the song at Red Rocks Amphitheatre appears on the DVD release of the concert film Live at Red Rocks: Under a Blood Red Sky.
This is a list of the land owned or managed by the Forestry Commission on the Isle of Wight, England, United Kingdom. In Great Britain the Forestry Commission are the government department responsible for the protection and expansion of Britain's forests and woodlands. As of 2007, there are 8 areas of woodland on the Isle of Wight being managed by the Forestry Commission, 5 are owned by them and 3 are leased from other owners.
The Yankee Bicycle Company built bicycles in West Chicago, Illinois in 1991 and 1992. The bicycles were designed by Royce Husted incorporating his patented Rim Band Brake scheme as well as a Radial Gear concept for shifting through fifteen gears.
The Yankee Bicycle has neither rear or front derailleurs, internal hub, or chainring.  Instead, the Radial Gear scheme uses a single six-segment sprocket that expands and contracts establishing different gear diameters.  Unlike with derailleur systems, Radial Gearing will not cause inter-gear slippage.
In 1991, within Popular Sciences' Best of What's New issue,  the Yankee Bicycle was awarded the Grand Award for Recreation.
The entry of the Yankee Bicycle into the bicycle market highlighted the impression that the bicycle industry is reluctant to introduce new innovative technology unless it is rolled out by major industry leaders (e.g., Schwinn Bicycle Company).
Being frustrated by bicycle manufacturers' reluctance to embrace new innovative bicycle technologies, Royce Husted, the founder,  created his company and sold Yankee Bicycles out of a  facility in West Chicago, Illinois. Husted would have preferred that others built and sold his bicycles.
Royce Husted witnessed his family having problems when they rode their bicycles.  As a person capable of holding several patents, he designed a whole new approach to shifting and braking bicycles.
After being in operation for only one year, starting in 1991, the company and relevant patents were sold to NordicTrak in 1992.
Perhaps only 3,000 Yankee Bicycles were built.  The unique elements were not readily accepted by the bike industry which, arguably,  valued only industry leaders' innovations.  The name was derived as a reference to "Yankee ingenuity".
Unlike other regular recreational bikes, Yankee Bicycles use systems invented by the founder, Royce Husted, for its shifting and braking.  Not using chainrings, Radial Gear has a single sprocket that expands and contracts in response to a single gear shift lever.  The selection of the gear is based on the length of time the shift lever is depressed.  The braking scheme uses a Kevlar-covered steel cable that completely encircles the rear wheel around an extra rim.
Due to lack of available parts and limited production, the Yankee Bicycles have become a collectors item  (see external link section).
Hangman Comics was the name of an American anthology comic book series published by MLJ Magazines Inc., more commonly known as MLJ Comics, for seven issues between Spring 1942 and Fall 1943. It featured MLJs costumed vigilante The Hangman, and "Boy Buddies", featuring Shield's partner 'Dusty the Boy Detective' and Wizard's side-kick 'Roy the Superboy', throughout the series.
Hangman Comics was published by MLJ Magazines Inc., the precursor to what would become the publisher Archie Comics. The title started with issue #2 (Spring 1942), a 68-page comics following directly on from Special Comics #1, which also featured the same characters. The series was edited by Harry Shorten.
There were also two supporting stories in each issue starring "Boy Buddies", the Shield's partner 'Dusty the Boy Detective' and the Wizard's side-kick 'Roy the Superboy' in a dual adventure - the first regular costumed hero 'sidekick' team-up in comics. Most of the "Boy Buddies" stories were written by Bill Woolfolk, with art by either Paul Reinman or Bill Vogoda.
From issue #9 Hangman Comics was retitled Black Hood Comics. The Hangman continued to appear in Pep Comics, "Boy Buddies" continuing in the first three issues of "Black Hood Comics".
Janet Lansbury (born Janet Louise Johnson; July 10, 1959) is an American educator who was an actress in film and television, credited as Janet Julian for much of her career.
Lansbury got her big break when she won the role of Nancy Drew in the 1970s television series The Hardy Boys/Nancy Drew Mysteries when Pamela Sue Martin left the show in 1978. Her other well-known TV role came a year later on the Cult TV series B. J. and the Bear as Tommy. She starred on the evening soap opera Falcon Crest in 1989 as Cookie Nash.
Lansbury made guest appearances on several TV shows, among them Battlestar Galactica, The Fall Guy, Knight Rider, Fudge, Columbo,  Swamp Thing, 240 Robert, Murder, She Wrote, and Diagnosis: Murder. Her first film role was in the 1978 movie Big Wednesday. She also appeared in the 1990 cult film King of New York.
This article about a property in Rowan County, North Carolina on the National Register of Historic Places is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Imamiyaebisu is an elevated station with one island platform serving the two easternmost tracks of the four-track right-of-way. Strictly speaking, it belongs to the Nankai Main Line, but only local Koya Line trains stop at this station.
This Osaka Prefecture railroad station-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Contributors later included Walter Korn (1953), Arthur Bisguier (1957), and Petar Trifunovic (1963).
From its beginning in 1933, Chess Review had been the leading U.S. chess periodical. In 1961 Frank Brady redesigned Chess Life, the official USCF publication, changing it from a newspaper format to a glossy magazine. The magazines would compete until November 1969 when Horowitz retired and the USCF purchased Chess Review to merge the magazines to form Chess Life & Review.
Soe Win was born in 1961 to Chit Sein and Kyin Htwe. In 1976, he attended a cadet course at the Defense Services Academy, alongside Ye Htut, graduating with distinctions in military science and literature.
In 1981, Soe Win graduated from the Defense Services Academy (DSA) during its 22nd intake. In June 2008, he became the commander of the Northern Regional Command of the Myanmar Army in Kachin State. In August 2010, he became Chief of the Bureau of Special Operations-6 (BSO-6), which oversees military operations in Chin and Rakhine States and the Magwe Region.
Soe Win had also pressured the Kachin Independence Army (KIA) to convert into a "Border Guard Force" (BGF) under the control of the military. Despite numerous meetings between Soe win and KIA leaders in July 2009 and August 2010, the KIA did not become a BGF.
In September 2011, the Kachin Independence Army (KIA) accused Soe Win of ordering Tatmadaw soldiers to attack KIA positions in Kachin State, thus violating the terms of multiple ceasefire agreements signed prior to the alleged attacks. Soe Win denied the claims, saying that neither he nor anyone else in the Northern Regional Command had ordered an attack on the KIA.
The U.S. Department of the Treasury has imposed sanctions on "Soe Win" since 10 December 2019, pursuant to Executive Order 13818, which builds upon and implements the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act and targets perpetrators of serious human rights abuse and corruption. He has committed serious human rights abuse against members of ethnic minority groups across Burma. This US sanctions include a freezing of assets under the US and a ban on transactions with any US person.
The Government of Canada has imposed sanctions on him since 18 February 2021, pursuant to Special Economic Measures Act and Special Economic Measures (Burma) Regulations, in response to the gravity of the human rights and humanitarian situation in Myanmar (formerly Burma). Canadian sanctions include a freezing of assets under Canada and a ban on transactions with any Canadian person.
Furthermore, the Council of the European Union has imposed sanctions on him since 22 March 2021, pursuant to Council Regulation (EU) 2021/479 and Council Implementing Regulation (EU) 2021/480 which amended Council Regulation (EU) No 401/2013, for his responsibility for the military coup and the subsequent military and police repression against peaceful demonstrators. The EU sanctions include a freezing of assets under member countries of the EU and a ban on entry or transit to the countries.
The Legend of the Condor Heroes is a Hong Kong television series adapted from Louis Cha's novel of the same title. The series was first broadcast on CTV in Hong Kong in 1976.
Mosaics is a live album by composer/bassist Graham Collier which was originally released on the British Philips label in 1971.
Allmusic said "Mosaics is one of Collier's most provocative works yet, and stands the test of time extremely well". On All About Jazz Nic Jones noted "As a bandleader Collier was by this time fashioning some distinctive frameworks for improvisation, and the group as a whole, with alto and tenor saxophonist Bob Sydor joining Beckett and Wakeman in the front line, seems so "bedded in" with Collier's work that the result is only stimulating listening of a rarefied order".
Previously, at the 2005 European Youth Olympic Festival (EYOF), held in Monthey, Switzerland, he competed in the events of Slalom (38th), Giant Slalom (DNF1), and Super G (49th).
This biographical article relating to alpine skiing in Cyprus is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Born November 23, 1914, in Washington, D.C., Atkins received a Bachelor of Laws in 1936 from the Fredric G. Levin College of Law at the University of Florida. He entered private practice in Stuart, Florida from 1936 to 1941. He practiced law in Miami, Florida from 1941 to 1966.
Atkins was nominated by President Lyndon B. Johnson on June 28, 1966, to the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida, to a new seat authorized by 80 Stat. 75. He was confirmed by the United States Senate on July 22, 1966, and received his commission on July 22, 1966. He served as Chief Judge from 1977 to 1982. He assumed senior status on December 31, 1982. His service terminated on March 11, 1999, due to his death in Miami.
In 1969, Atkins worked on ensuring the desegregation of Miami schools by appointing a special panel to ensure the plan was carried out. In 1970, he ruled on a famous case involving the poet Allen Ginsberg after someone shut off Ginsberg's microphone during a public reading. Atkins ruled that Ginsberg should be given another reading, free of charge.[citation needed]
Among the many important cases in a long and distinguished career, Atkins issued landmark rulings protecting the constitutional rights of homeless people in Pottinger v. City of Miami, as well as major rulings in other cases involving the rights of Haitian and Cuban refugees.
The race was first run in 1997. It was downgraded from Grade 2 to Grade 3 in 2017. and returned to Grade 2 status in 2018.
The first world record in the men's 50 metres freestyle in long course (50 metres) swimming was recognized by the International Swimming Federation (FINA) in 1976. In the short course (25 metres) swimming events the world's governing body recognizes world records since March 3, 1991.
The drop in world record times in the 2008/2009 coincided with the introduction of polyurethane suits from Speedo (LZR, 50% polyurethane) in 2008 and by Arena (X-Glide), Adidas (Hydrofoil) and Italian swimming suit manufacturer Jaked (all 100% polyurethane) in 2009.  FINA's ban on non-textile suit came into effect in January 2010. FINA also released a list of approved suits.
The cottage is registered on the Philadelphia Register of Historic Places and is an inventoried structure within the Fairmount Park Historic District entry on the National Register of Historic Places.
Ed Marshall (born September 23, 1947) is a former American football wide receiver and tight end who played in the National Football League. 
Marshall played both football and basketball at Cameron University. He led the Aggies in scoring for as a sophomore, junior and senior and is the school's all-time leading receiver with 113 receptions for 2,448 yards and 29 touchdowns (Cameron discontinued football in 1992). Marshall was inducted into Cameron's Athletic Hall of Fame in 2011.
Ochotrichobolus is a genus of fungi in the Thelebolaceae family. This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Ochotrichobolus polysporus.
USS Tioga (1862) was a large steamer with powerful guns, acquired by the Union Navy during the American Civil War.
Tioga was used by the Union Navy as a gunboat in support of the Union Navy blockade of Confederate waterways.
The double-ender sailed for Hampton Roads, Virginia, late that day, joined the North Atlantic Blockading Squadron upon her arrival there on 5 July, and promptly ascended the James River to support Union troops beleaguered in a small pocket on the north bank of the river.
While in the James River Flotilla, Tioga escorted supply ships and frequently exchanged fire with Southern batteries and sharpshooters ashore. One of her more unusual duties during this assignment was the chore of protecting the barge which carried and launched an observation balloon to reconnoiter Confederate positions and troop deployments. Thus, it has been claimed jocularly that she was one of the first warships to screen an aircraft carrier.
She took her first prize on 14 February 1863, when she overhauled Avon and sent that English schooner to Key West, Florida, for adjudication. On 13 March, she captured another British schooner, Florence Nightingale, laden with cotton and without papers. Nine days later, she made a prize of the English side-wheel steamer Granite City. The British sloop Justina struck her colors to the gunboat on 23 April.
A week later, Tioga captured Julia as that English schooner attempted to slip through the Union blockade laden with cotton and rosin. On 25 September, she took Confederate steamer Herald which had escaped from the South with a cargo of cotton and naval stores.
Three days before the gunboat made this capture, orders had left Washington to transfer Tioga to the East Gulf Blockading Squadron. After beginning her new assignment, the double-ender participated in the capture of sloop Last Trial near Key West; but thereafter she spent much of the autumn undergoing repairs at Key West.
Late in the spring of 1864, yellow fever broke out on board Tioga; and, on 19 June, she was ordered north. She arrived at Portsmouth, New Hampshire, on the 27th and was decommissioned two days later but remained in quarantine in the lower harbor until October.
After an overhaul had been completed and the Civil War had ended, Tioga was recommissioned at Portsmouth on 6 June 1865 and cruised off the New England coast through the summer. In October, the ship was transferred to the Gulf Squadron; and she arrived at Pensacola, Florida, on 30 November. The double-ender cruised in the Gulf of Mexico, principally off the coast of Texas, through the winter and into the spring of 1866.
Ordered north, Tioga arrived at New York City on 8 May and was laid up in the navy yard there until she was sold on 15 October 1867.
This article incorporates text from the public domain Dictionary of American Naval Fighting Ships. The entry can be found here.
Stop43 is a UK-based digital rights group that lobbies on behalf of photographers for the preservation of their copyrights.   They ran a viral campaign in 2010 to oppose a change in British law that would have removed copyright protection from orphaned works.  The campaign was successful.
This article about an organisation in the United Kingdom is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
He married Fannie Roscoe in 1886. At this time he was mostly working in the south of England, but in 1901 became District Geologist with responsibility for South Wales. He was elected Fellow of the Royal Society in 1903, became President of the Geology Section of the British Association in 1904, and was President of the Geological Society of London in 1913 and 1914. He was Director of the Survey from 1914 until his retirement in 1920. He lived in Goring-on-Thames until his death there in 1928.
Manny Neves is a retired Portuguese-American soccer midfielder who played professionally in the North American Soccer League, United Soccer League, and Major Indoor Soccer League.
This biographical article related to an American soccer midfielder is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Afrocalathea is a genus of plants native to Africa. It contains only one species: Afrocalathea rhizantha (K.Schum.) K.Schum, known from Nigeria, Cameroon, Gabon, Cabinda, and Congo-Brazzaville.
This biographical article relating to Slovenian association football is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Polypure is a Norwegian company that manufactures and markets monodisperse PEG (polyethylene glycol) derivatives for applications in nanotechnology, biotechnology and in pharmaceutical sciences. 
Its headquarters are located in the Oslo Innovation Center, Oslo, Norway. The company has been in operation since 1999.
Monodisperse PEG products are used as linkers or molecular tethers to join molecular entities (as in Cipriano and Dunn). They are also coupled to substances to make use of the hydrophilic property of PEG to enhance water solubility, or to facilitate penetration of a coupled substance through cell membranes  as well as to reduce immunogenicity of proteins used as therapeutic agents.
The major shareholders in the company are Erik Agner, co-founder and CEO of the Company, and Gamma Group AS.
This article about Egyptology or subjects relating to Ancient Egypt is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
There has been human occupation in the area that is now Cheadle since prehistoric times.[citation needed] The earliest evidence of civilisation is of burial mounds dating from the Iron Age, belonging to Celts who occupied Britain. Later, the area was occupied by Brigantes, whose activity was discovered in the form of axe fragments.
In the first millennium, Romans occupied the area, and their coins have been discovered. During the 7th century St. Chad preached in the area, and a stone cross dedicated to him was found close to the confluence of the River Mersey and Micker Brook in 1873.
The village is first recorded in the Domesday Book under the name "Cedde", which comes from the Celtic word for "wood". It was held by Gamel, a free Saxon under Hugh d'Avranches, 1st Earl of Chester; it was about three miles long and half as wide, containing both wooded and open land, with areas enclosed for hunting purposes. This early manor occupied the approximate areas of both modern day Cheadle and Cheadle Hulme.
William de Bulkeley succeeded his mother, and was a participant in several wars in France for Edward, the Black Prince. His son, Richard, was sent to live at the court Richard II, and later to a baron whose daughter Margery married Richard. Richard died at the age of 21, but Margery lived until she was around 90 years old. She was succeeded by her grandson and great-grandson, both named William. Shortly after the Battle of Bosworth, the latter William was succeeded by his brother Richard.
During the reign of Henry VIII, the current St Mary's Church on High Street was built. There has been a church on the site since the 12th century, the original being constructed of wood, but it was rebuilt in stone between 1520 and 1550. The church contains an effigy of John Stanley who, along with many other men from the area, fought in the Battle of Flodden. Later he claimed the manor for himself, but was imprisoned by Thomas Wolsey who ensured the land went to its rightful owner.
The Bulkeleys continued to hold the lands as lords of the manor until the 18th century, when the manor was purchased by Thomas Egerton.
Moseley Old Hall, an early Stuart mansion dating from 1666 is still standing and is owned privately.
Abney Hall is a late Victorian hall from 1847 and was used as the Cheadle town hall from 1959 until 1974: it is now used for offices. It is surrounded by parkland which is open to the public all year round and features some of the only wetlands left in Stockport.
Cheadle grew rapidly during the Industrial Revolution when it was used as a stopping point for travellers and merchants on their way to central Manchester.
Lying within the historic county boundaries of Cheshire, Cheadle was an ancient parish in the Hundred of Stockport. The parish included the townships of Cheadle Bulkeley and Cheadle Moseley (which included Cheadle Hulme).  Following the Municipal Corporations Act 1835, part of Cheadle Bulkeley was amalgamated into the Municipal Borough of Stockport. Cheadle Bulkeley and Cheadle Moseley became separate civil parishes in 1866, but in 1879 they were united to form the civil parish of Cheadle.
Since 1950, Cheadle has been part of the Cheadle parliamentary constituency. As of 2015, it is represented by Conservative MP Mary Robinson. The area (listed as Cheadle and Gatley) has three councillors who serve on the borough council, who are all Liberal Democrats.
Cheadle's public transport is now confined to buses operated by several firms. Bus 11 runs between Altrincham and Stockport, via Baguley, Wythenshawe Hospital, Wythenshawe and Cheadle. Bus 11A runs between Altrincham and Stockport, via Timperley, Baguley, Gatley and Cheadle. Bus 42C runs between Handforth and Manchester city centre, via Cheadle and East Didsbury.
Cheadle no longer has its own railway station, though there are stations in several neighbouring vicinities. Gatley railway station is approximately one mile west of Cheadle village and the neighbouring areas of East Didsbury (within the City of Manchester's boundaries), Cheadle Hulme and Heald Green all have stations themselves.
Cheadle is accessed by junctions 2 and 3 of the M60 Manchester orbital motorway. It is approximately 4 miles from Manchester Airport.
A number of houses in Cheadle that were built in the 1800s still stand today, in a conservation area in the centre of the village.
There is also a Manchester overspill council estate that was constructed shortly after the Second World War to rehouse families from the Victorian slums of inner-city Manchester. In April 2008, these homes were transferred to a housing association, Mossbank Homes.
It formerly had the head office of Nord Anglia Education. At a later time the Nord Anglia Cheadle housed the International Schools and Learning Services divisions.
The village's football club is Cheadle Town F.C. that play in the North West Counties Football League.
Keith Scott "Bang Bang" McCurdy (born November 28, 1985) is an American celebrity tattoo artist based in New York. He is known for his work with Rihanna, Cara Delevingne, Katy Perry, Justin Bieber, LeBron James, Adele, Miley Cyrus, Selena Gomez and Kylie Jenner.
McCurdy married Etsuko Tsujimoto, with whom he has two daughters, Kumiko and Yukari. He is a relative of Nickelodeon actress Jennette McCurdy and Bob Saget[citation needed].
Basic and Applied Social Psychology (BASP) is a bi-monthly psychology journal published by Taylor & Francis. The journal emphasizes the publication of empirical research articles but also publishes literature reviews, criticism, and methodological or theoretical statements spanning the entire range of social psychological issues.
In 2015, the journal banned p-values (and related inferential statistics such as confidence intervals) as evidence in papers accepted by the journal, replacing hypothesis testing with "strong descriptive statistics, including effect sizes" on the grounds that "the state of the art [for hypothesis testing] remains uncertain".
This article about an academic journal on social psychology is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
See tips for writing articles about academic journals. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.
Melaleuca pearsonii, commonly known as Blackdown bottlebrush, is a plant in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae and is endemic to Queensland in Australia. (Some Australian state herbaria continue to use the name Callistemon pearsonii.) It is a small, spreading but compact shrub with hard bark, soft foliage and profuse spikes of bottlebrush flowers in spring and summer.
Melaleuca pearsonii was first named in 2006 by Lyndley Craven in Novon when Callistemon pearsonii was moved to the present genus. It had previously been known as Callistemon pearsonii, formally described by Roger Spencer and Peter Lumley in 1986 in Muelleria, based on plant material collected from the Blackdown Tabeland. The specific epithet (pearsonii) honours Steven Pearson, a park ranger in the Blackdown Tableland National Park.
Callistemon pearsonii is regarded as a synonym of Melaleuca pearsonii by the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew.
Melaleuca pearsonii occurs on the Blackdown Tableland in Queensland. It grows near rivers, in rocky gullies and in wallum vegetation in creek beds.
Melaleuca pearsonii is sometimes cultivated as Callistemon pearsonii including the cultivar "Rocky Rambler".
The Otay Mesa Port of Entry is accessed by California State Route 905 on the northern side. Since commercial traffic cannot use the San Ysidro Port of Entry, for commercial traffic Otay Mesa is the southern terminus of the Interstate 5 corridor.
The records for genealogical research are available at the state archive "Statny Archiv in Banska Bystrica, Kosice, Slovakia"
Sir Edmund Vestey, 1st Baronet, co-founder of the Blue Star Line, was the younger brother of the first Baron Vestey.
In 2014 Huckaby received the Visiting Artist Residency and Fellowship through the Brandywine Workshop as well as the Davidson Family Fellowship sponsored by Amon Carter Museum of American Art. In 2016, he was one of the winners of the Outwin Boochever Portrait Competition, which is hosted by The Smithsonian's National Portrait Gallery.
In 2017 he received the 2016 Moss/Chumley North Texas Artist Award, which is given annually by the Meadows Museum at Southern Methodist University in Dallas.
In 2018, Huckaby won the arts and letters award in art from the American Academy of Arts and Letters.
The Kolkata Knight Riders (KKR) is a franchise cricket team based in Kolkata, India, which plays in the Indian Premier League (IPL). They were one of the eight teams that competed in the 2014 Indian Premier League. They were captained by Gautam Gambhir. Kolkata Knight Riders finished winners in the IPL and qualified for the Champions League T20.
Don't Ask! is an adventure published by Mayfair Games in 1986 for the superhero role-playing game DC Heroes that features Ambush Bug from DC Comics.
Lex Luthor announces that he is taking control of Time, but Ambush Bug intervenes, and takes control of Time himself. The heroes must battle Luthor, Ambush Bug and perfect copies of themselves in order to save the universe.
Mayfair Games published the superhero role-playing game DC Heroes in 1985. Don't Ask! was published the following year, a 32-page softcover book by Scott Jenkins with Robert Loren Fleming, with interior art by Rob Davis, cartography by James Clouse, and cover art by Ed Hannigan (sketch), Keith Giffen (pencil), Bob Smith (ink), and Bob LeRose (color).
Pete Tamlyn reviewed Don't Ask! for White Dwarf #88, and thought the whole thing was an in joke, stating "you need to be a comic fan (and a DC afficionado in particular) in order to understand many of the jokes. That gives the adventure a much more limited audience."
Crinifer is a genus of birds in the turaco family. They are restricted to Africa. Formerly, the genus only contained the plaintain-eaters, but in 2021 go-away-birds were merged into the genus. 
They are large noisy and conspicuous birds, but lack the brilliant colours of their relatives. They are mainly grey, with a long tail and an erectile head crest. They feed on fruit, especially figs, seeds and other vegetable matter.
Rizon Jet was an Arab charter airline founded in 2006, and headquartered in Doha, Qatar. Its business mainly focused on the chartering of private jets and luxury travel. It also provided lease of office space and conferencing facilities.
In addition to its Qatari operations, it also had operations in Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Kingdom.
"In his landscapes, Weidner takes a greater liberty in changing and rearranging the colors and shapes he sees than in his figure paintings. The dominant element in his work continues to be the intensity and vibrancy of his colors - strong violets, blues and greens. While his earlier work was "fluid"-looking, his paintings now have the dry surface and brilliant color of pastel."
The Philadelphia Inquirer Art Critic from 1962 to 2012 was Victoria Donohoe, who wrote the following about Weidner's 1981 show at the Marian Locks Gallery in Philadelphia:
The Country Fair by Roswell Weidner, c. 1938, oil on canvas. Collection of the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts
Industrial Town 2 by Roswell Weidner, c. 1938 (see carborundum printmaking). Shown at the 1939 New York World's Fair
Winter on Spring Street by Roswell Weidner, c. 1938, lithograph. Collection of the Library of Congress
Merry-Go-Round by Roswell Theordore Weidner, c. 1948, oil on canvas. Courtesy of the Reading Public Museum, Reading, Pennsylvania.
Dorcas Combing her hair by Roswell Weidner, c. 1942, oil on canvas. Collection of the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts
Burlesque Queen by Roswell Weidner, c. 1955, oil/tempera on burlap. Collection of the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts. (Interior of the Trocadero Theatre in Philadelphia, PA)
Concrete, Steel, and Sky by Roswell Weidner, 1958, casein on canvas. Collection of the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts
The Willow Tree by Roswell Weidner, 1964, charcoal on paper. Collection of the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts
Upstream by Roswell Weidner, 1979, pastel on paper. Collection of the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts
Weidner died in his home in Philadelphia with his wife Marilyn and his daughters by his side. His ashes were scattered in the Pine Barrens (New Jersey).
Inactivated on October 16, 1944 with the drawdown of AAFTC's pilot training program. Declared surplus and turned over to the Army Corps of Engineers on 30 September 1945. Eventually discharged to the War Assets Administration (WAA) and returned to being a civil airport.
Since becoming a civil airport, it has become a very popular destination for Army helicopter crews from the 101st Airborne Division at Fort Campbell, Kentucky.
Sikeston Memorial Municipal Airport covers an area of 732 acres (296 ha) at an elevation of 315 feet (96 m) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 2/20 with an asphalt surface measuring 5,502 by 100 feet (1,677 x 30 m).
For the 12-month period ending November 30, 2009, the airport had 6,300 aircraft operations, an average of 17 per day: 79% general aviation, 14% military, and 6% air taxi. At that time there were 20 aircraft based at this airport: 75% single-engine, 10% multi-engine, and 15% ultralight.
Baspa Valley is a river valley that is said to be named after the Baspa River. It lies in the Kinnaur District of Himachal Pradesh, India. Sangla is a major town in the Baspa Valley, and the valley is also known as the Sangla Valley or Tukpa Valley. The villages inside the valley is Chitkul, Rakchham, Batseri, Sangla, Kamru; the old capital of Bushahr State and Chansu. 
The Baspa river is a tributary to the Sutlej river, and one may approach the Baspa Valley by taking a diversion at Karcham, which is in the entrance of valley at NH-05.  
Baspa valley offers numerous trekking trails to neighbouring valleys like Jalandrigad valley via Lamkhaga pass, Har ki dun valley via Borasu pass, Sangla to Netwar via Rupin pass and Pabbar valley via Buran pass. Yamrang la pass & Gugairang La are the two passes situated on Indo-China border.
Baspa River has a 300MW hydroelectric power project at Karcham. The barrage for the project is at Kuppa (Kamru). The project has been operational since May 2003. Jaypee Group, a private sector conglomerate, built the project and later sold it to Jindal Power.  Most of the annual run off the Baspa River is derived from glacier and snowmelt.
LGA 4094 may refer to three physically identical but electrically incompatible CPU sockets for AMD processors:
On 23 September 1911, the PLM Organizing Board in Los Angeles published, in Regeneration, a libertarian manifesto that called on Mexicans to fight against the State, the Clergy and Capital, under the slogan "Land and Freedom", an ideal that a month later was taken up by Emiliano Zapata.
The military campaigns of the PLM, failed again and again due to the lack of resources, police infiltration and confusion caused by counterproductive tactics. Although for some, Maderism represented the most viable political alternative; for others, supporting Madero was simply the only way to escape alive from Mexican prisons. However, there were others who preferred jail or death to betraying their ideals.
In 1915, after the death of Anselmo L. Figueroa and the lack of resources to continue Regeneration, a small group of the PLM moved to a farm located in Edendale, Los Angeles. There they lived and worked communally, raised chickens and grew vegetables that they sold for support, while carrying out the political work of the PLM, now renamed the Revolutionary Workers Union (UOR).
The island castle, or insular castle, is a variation of the water castle. It is distinguished by its location on an artificial or natural island. It is a typical lowland castle.
Because the island on which the castle was erected is separated from the shore by at least two bodies of water, artificial defences such as moats or shield walls were usually unnecessary if the castle was surrounded by flowing water. Such castles could therefore be very easily and cheaply built. Many island castles in lakes were, however, relatively easily captured in winter if there was an ice sheet thick enough to support attacking troops, because they were often rather poorly fortified. 
The best-known island castle in Germany is Pfalzgrafenstein Castle near Kaub. The only Gothic water castle in Europe is Trakai Castle in Lithuania.
Creaghe was born in Limerick, Ireland in 1841, and in 1865 he graduated from the Royal College of Surgeons in Dublin, becoming a doctor. He opened up a practice in Mitchelstown in County Cork. In 1874, he emigrated to the capital of Argentina, Buenos Aires.
It is not known how Creaghe came in contact with anarchist ideas, since the country's anarchist movement was small at the time. It's speculated he may have come into contact with the Italian Anarchist Errico Malatesta, who was in Argentina between 1885 and 1889.
In 1891 Creaghe wrote "give me Anarchists willing to die NOW if necessary for Anarchy, and if you can find me 15 or 20 to join me I promise you we will make an oppression of the enemy" 
In the 2008 Superleague Formula season Flamengo finished overall in the 15th position. The car was drove in all rounds by Tuka Rocha.
Flamengo will compete in the 2009 Superleague Formula season with the car being driven by ex-F1 and IndyCar racer Enrique Bernoldi.
Brady Leman (born October 16, 1986) is a Canadian freestyle skier specializing in ski cross, and the reigning Olympic champion in that discipline following his victory in the ski cross event at the 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea.
A medal favourite at the 2010 Vancouver Olympics, Leman was unable to compete after a crash in a training run left him with a broken leg.
Brady previously finished fourth in the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia after crashing in the final bank.
After dropping a ski pole in his seeding run, Leman still managed to qualify in the 8th position. Leman was dominant through the heats on race day and won one of Canada's 11 gold medals at the Pyeongchang 2018 Winter Olympic Games. Canadian teammate Kevin Drury also raced in the Men's Big Final, but crashed after making contact with Sergey Ridzik of Russia and finished fourth.
Garden City is an unincorporated community in Columbus Township, Bartholomew County, in the U.S. state of Indiana.
This was the second appearance of the event. It was first held in 1900 and not again until 1984; after that, it was held every Summer Games until 2008 when it was removed from the programme. The women's version was held from 1996 through 2008.
The reigning World Champion (1983) was Michael Markussen of Denmark. The other two men from the world championship podium, Hans-Joachim Pohl of East Germany and Ivan Romanov of the Soviet Union, Soviet Union, were not able to compete due to the Soviet-led boycott.
23 nations made their debut in the event. France and Italy competed for the second time, the only nations to have competed in 1900 as well as 1984.
Solapur - Hubballi Intercity Express is an intercity train of the Indian Railways connecting Solapur in Maharashtra and Hubballi of Karnataka. It is currently being operated with 11423/11424 train numbers on a daily basis.
Both trains are hauled by a Pune Loco Shed based WDM-3A electric locomotive from Solapur to Hubali and vice versa.
Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).
Brian Gerald Snitker (born October 17, 1955) is an American professional baseball coach and former player who is the manager of the Atlanta Braves of Major League Baseball (MLB). Snitker has been in the Braves organization in different roles since playing in their minor league organization from 1977 to 1980. He became their manager in 2016.
Snitker was born in Decatur, Illinois to Richard F. Snitker and Catherine (Collins) Snitker. He grew up in Macon, Illinois where he attended Macon High School, and played as a right fielder for the 1971 baseball team. The team's surprising run to the state championship tournament was documented in Chris Ballard's 2012 book One Shot at Forever: A Small Town, an Unlikely Coach, and a Magical Baseball Season.
As a youth, Snitker also played American Legion Baseball, an experience that he said in a 2018 interview, "Gave me the platform to be seen because there are always scouts at American Legion games. It had a big part on my development as a player and helping me get a jump on a professional career."
Snitker played two seasons of junior college ball for Lincoln College in 1975. He served as catcher for the Lynx baseball team where he was second team All-State. He finished his college career with two seasons at the University of New Orleans.
Following his injury-shortened junior season at the University of New Orleans, Snitker was drafted in the 25th round of the MLB draft by the Chicago Cubs. He opted to return to UNO for his senior season, and then signed a free-agent contract with the Braves organization in 1977. Snitker bounced around the minors, playing mostly catcher and some first base in the minor leagues, registering a slash line of .254/.316/.390 with 23 home runs in 780 at bats.
On October 14, 2013, Snitker was named the manager of the Braves Triple-A club, the Gwinnett Braves.
Snitker and his wife, Veronica (Ronnie), have two children.  Snitker's mother Catherine died in March 2019.
In the 2011 MLB Amateur Draft, Snitker's son Troy was drafted by the Braves in the 19th round and traded to the Pittsburgh Pirates in March 2013. After retiring as a player, Troy joined the Houston Astros organization as a coach. The Atlanta Braves faced the Houston Astros in the 2021 World Series, making the series a family affair for the Snitkers. Snitker and Troy, for the Braves and Astros, respectively, presented the lineup cards before Game Three of the World Series.
The Detroit Hydrofest (branded as the Metro Detroit Chevy Dealers Detroit Hydrofest for sponsorship reasons) is a H1 Unlimited hydroplane boat race held in August on the Detroit River in Detroit, Michigan. 
The first race held on the Detroit River was the Gold Cup, in 1916. The community-owned Miss Detroit won the Gold Cup in 1915 on Manhasset Bay, outside of New York City, and earned the right to defend it the following year on home waters. Miss Detroit was a single-step hydroplane, equipped with a 250-horsepower Sterling engine. The designer was the distinguished Christopher Columbus Smith of Chriscraft fame.
The race was run annually after being part of the Gold Cup, and later became known as the APBA Challenge Cup then APBA Gold Cup.
After his release from AEK Athens, he signed a two-year contract with Peristeri. With Peristeri, he also won a league promotion with the club to move back to the Greek Basket League. After he had originally renewed his contract with Peristeri through 2019, the two sides mutually agreed to part ways on September 30, 2018. Two days later, he joined Iraklis Thessaloniki, of the Greek 2nd Division.
While bishop, he was the principal consecrator of Oronzio Filomarini, Bishop of Gallipoli (1700) and Benito Noriega, Bishop of Acerra (1700); and the principal co-consecrator of Giulio Vincenzo Gentile, Archbishop of Genoa (1681).
Domdaniel is a fictional cavernous hall at the bottom of the ocean where evil magicians, spirits, and gnomes meet. 
Domdaniel was first mentioned in the continued story of the Arabian Nights by Dom Chaves and Cazotte (1788-1793). It was described as being located in the sea near Tunis. In this hall, the ruler Zatanai held his court, which included the magician Maugraby and his students.
Robert Southey later used Domdaniel in his multi-volume oriental poem Thalaba the Destroyer (1797). The hero of Southey's story, Thalaba, is the son of Hodeirah and the last surviving member of his family. It had been prophesied that the spirits of the Domdaniel were destined to be destroyed by a member of that family, so they sought to put an end to it.
One of the magicians named by Southey as dwelling in Domdaniel was Abdaldar. He was selected by lot to hunt down Thalaba and slay him. But the youth Thalaba accomplishes the destruction of the magicians in the final volume of the poem despite their efforts to kill him and his surviving family.
Nathaniel Hawthorne used Domdaniel in his romance The House of the Seven Gables: "Hepzibah put her hand into her pocket, and presented the urchin, her earliest and staunchest customer, with silver enough to people the Domdaniel cavern of his interior with as various a procession of quadrupeds as passed into the ark".
In T.H White's book The Sword in the Stone Merlin, before his famous duel of magic with the witch Madam Mim, says: "Now we shall see how a double first at Dom-Daniel avails against the private tuition of my master Bleise".
H. P. Lovecraft used Domdaniel in the short story He (1925), as follows: ...heard as with the mind's ear the blasphemous domdaniel of cacophony...
British author Angie Sage used the name DomDaniel (styled this way) to name the main foe of her fantasy novel series Septimus Heap.
Macrobathra niphadobola is a moth in the family Cosmopterigidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1886. It is found in India and Sri Lanka.
Model United Nations of the University of Chicago (MUNUC) is a high school Model UN conference hosted by the University of Chicago in downtown Chicago, Illinois.
Due to the COVID-19 Pandemic, the 33rd annual session will include two virtual conferences from February 4-7, 2021 and from April 23-25, 2021.
The Model United Nations of the University of Chicago is a collegiate Model UN organization of undergraduates at the University of Chicago, founded in 1988. For thirty-two years, the organization has hosted an annual conference (MUNUC) for high school students across the United States and the world.
At MUNUC, high school students assume the roles of member states of the United Nations or government officials of various international and national bodies, crafting and debating policies to solve a variety of political, social, and economic global issues. The 33rd session will feature six categories of thirty-three total committees.
In General Assemblies, delegates act as representatives of member states of the United Nations to draft resolutions solving a variety of broad and universal global issues. General Assemblies include all member states, and are often double-delegation, where two individuals represent one member state in committee. The General Assemblies scheduled to convene for the 33rd annual session are-
The Economic and Social Councils include various specialized United Nations agencies. In contrast to General Assemblies, the Economic and Social Councils feature select member states and generally discuss more specific, in-depth aspects of international humanitarian issues. The Economic and Social Councils scheduled to convene for the 33rd annual session are-
The Regional Bodies encompass both past and present international supranational or sub-national organizations separate from the United Nations, discussing issues prevalent in their respective geographical or geopolitical regions. The Regional Bodies scheduled to convene for the 33rd annual session are:
The Specialized Agencies are often legally binding organizations, discussing or reporting in-depth international and domestic political topics. In some committees, delegates represent individual characters or representatives of private organizations rather than countries. The Specialized Agencies scheduled to convene for the 31st annual session are-
The Warwick Police Department is the primary law enforcement agency in Warwick, Kent County, Rhode Island, United States. It is responsible for most law enforcement within the geographical boundary of City of Warwick, with the exception of:
Warwick Police Department was one of the eight departments around the country being featured on the A&E TB show Live PD. It follows  police officers in the course of their nighttime patrols live, broadcasting select encounters with the public. The officers that have been featured from June 1st 2018 to May of 2019:
The majority of reported crime in Warwick involves property crime, with an occasional pursuit, assault, as well as domestic violence.
The average police patrol officer salary in Warwick is $57,343 as of October 31, 2018, but the range typically falls between $53,550 and $62,479.
West discards a heart, dummy a club, but East now has a problem, as he must discard one of red suits:
Mohd Hayati bin Othman (born 12 June 1957) is a Malaysian politician and is the member of the Kedah State Legislative Assembly for Tokai. He was a member of the Parliament of Malaysia for the Pendang constituency in Kedah from 2004 to 2013, as a member of the opposition Pan-Malaysian Islamic Party (PAS).
In January 2010, Mohd Hayati was conferred the honorific title of Datuk by Sultan Abdul Halim of Kedah.
Cercyon is a genus of water scavenger beetles in the family Hydrophilidae. There are at least 50 described species in Cercyon.
A maceral is a component, organic in origin, of coal or oil shale. The term 'maceral' in reference to coal is analogous to the use of the term 'mineral' in reference to igneous or metamorphic rocks. Examples of macerals are inertinite, vitrinite, and liptinite.
Inertinite is considered to be the equivalent of charcoal and degraded plant material. It is highly oxidised in nature and may be said to be burnt. A large portion of South Africa's coal reserves consist of inertinite.
Liptinite macerals are considered to be produced from decayed leaf matter, spores, pollen and algal matter. Resins and plant waxes can also be part of liptinite macerals. Liptinite macerals tend to retain their original plant form, i.e., they resemble plant fossils. These are hydrogen rich and have the highest calorific values of all coal macerals.
Macerals of liptinite are sporinite, cutinite, resinite, alginite (telalginite and lamalginite), liptodetrinite, fluorinite, and bituminite.
Macerals are considered to be dehydrogenated plant fragments. Evidence for this includes remnant pollen spores, fossilised leaves, remnant cellular structure and similar. In rare cases, maceral and fossilised pollen can be found in terrestrial sedimentary rocks.
Maceral maturity can be estimated by vitrinite reflectance. This gives information on the carbon, hydrogen and nitrogen composition of the coal, and determines the type of coal: lignite, brown coal, bituminous coal, anthracite or graphite.
Macerals found in kerogen source rocks are often observed under the microscope to determine the kerogen maturity of the sedimentary formations. This is a vital component of oil and gas exploration.
Macerals are observed under the petrographic microscope under reflected light. Coal fragments must be extremely highly polished down to less than half a micrometre before they can be observed under the microscope.
This article about a specific mineral or mineraloid is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Rafter made his England debut in 1977 in the 26-6 victory over Scotland at Twickenham. He was a member of the Grand Slam-winning side of 1980, and competed in his last England international in 1981, against Argentina in Buenos Aires, to finish his international career with 17 caps.
Hyde High School is a co-educational secondary school located in the Flowery Field area of Hyde in the English county of Greater Manchester.
It is a community school administered by Tameside Metropolitan Borough Council, and offers GCSEs and BTECs as programmes of study for pupils.
The school was previously awarded Technology College status, and was named Hyde Technology School for a time before the new school building opened in 2012 as Hyde Community College. In 2020 the school closed its sixth form provision and was renamed Hyde High School.
This Greater Manchester school or sixth form college related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
According to the 2011 census of India, Khelma has 100 households. The effective literacy rate (i.e. the literacy rate of population excluding children aged 6 and below) is 62.42%.
Brookwood is a town in Tuscaloosa County, Alabama, United States. It incorporated in September 1977. As of the 2010 census, the population of the town is 1,828.  It is part of the Tuscaloosa, Alabama Metropolitan Statistical Area.
The age distribution was 28.9% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 33.1% from 25 to 44, 21.8% from 45 to 64, and 7.5% 65 or older.  The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.5 males.
The median household income was $40,104 and the median family income  was $46,071. Males had a median income of $38,929 versus $23,571 for females. The per capita income for the town was $18,670.  About 6.2% of families and 8.2% of the population were below the poverty line, including 10.1% of those under age 18 and 5.4% of those age 65 or over.
The age distribution was 27.3% under the age of 18, 9.9% from 18 to 24, 33.1% from 25 to 44, 22.6% from 45 to 64, and 7.1% 65 or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.1 males.
The median household income was $55,357 and the median family income  was $66,944. Males had a median income of $44,837 versus $31,118 for females. The per capita income for the town was $19,352. About 7.2% of families and 10.6% of the population were below the poverty line, including 12.1% of those under age 18 and 5.2% of those age 65 or over.
Matt Robert Lashoff (born September 29, 1986) is an American professional ice hockey defenseman who is currently playing with the SCL Tigers in the National League A (NLA).
Lashoff was selected by the Boston Bruins in the 1st round (22nd overall) of the 2005 NHL Entry Draft. He is the older brother of Detroit Red Wings defenseman, Brian Lashoff.
As a youth, Lashoff played in the 2000 Quebec International Pee-Wee Hockey Tournament with the New York Rangers minor ice hockey team.
On August 27, 2010, Lashoff was traded by the Lightning to the Toronto Maple Leafs in exchange for Alex Berry and Stefano Giliati.
On August 3, 2012, as a free agent, Lashoff signed a try-out contract with European team, ZSC Lions of the Swiss NLA.
"A lot of people ask me how do you separate the two, but they've always been a part of my lifestyle. When we were kids we would play hockey before school and then after school till it got too dark and our mom told us to come in, then we would eat, play around on the guitar and write songs," says Lashoff. He is now planning a second album with a different sound, that will be "more groove based and not so poppy."
"Carpe Museum" is the 22nd episode of the third season of the animated comedy series Bob's Burgers and the overall 44th episode, and is written by Jon Schroeder and directed by Tyree Dillihay. It aired on Fox in the United States on May 5, 2013.
Pilot Viruet of The A.V. Club gave the episode a B+, reviewing it as a humorous continuation of the show's expansion into non-restaurant locations, but considered it inferior to the previous episode Boyz 4 Now with "many fewer laughs" comparatively.
The episode received a 1.7 rating and was watched by a total of 3.96 million people. This made it the fourth most watched show on Animation Domination that night, losing to American Dad! with 5.00 million.
El Salvador recognizes neither same-sex marriage, civil unions or any other legally recognized union for same-sex couples. A proposal to constitutionally ban same-sex marriage and same-sex adoption was rejected twice in 2006, and once again in April 2009 after the FMLN refused to grant the measure the four votes it needed to be ratified.
In August 2016, a student of law in El Salvador filed a lawsuit before the Supreme Court asking for the nullification of Article 11 of the Family Code which defines marriage as a heterosexual union. Labeling the law as discriminatory and explaining the lack of gendered terms used in Article 34 of the Constitution's summary of marriage, the lawsuit sought to allow same-sex couples the right to wed. On 20 December 2016, the Salvadoran Supreme Court rejected the lawsuit on a legal technicality.
A second lawsuit against the same-sex marriage ban was filed on 11 November 2016. On 17 January 2019, the Supreme Court dismissed the case on procedural grounds.
On 9 August 2019, a same-sex marriage case was admitted to the Constitutional Court. Originally filed in 2016 by activist Gabriel Gasteazoro, the case alleges that the provisions outlawing same-sex marriages in the Family Code are unconstitutional. A ruling is expected in the first three months of 2020, but has been postponed since then.[citation needed]
The Constitution of El Salvador does not explicitly ban the recognition of same-sex marriages. Article 32 reads: "The legal foundation of the family is marriage and rests on the juridical equality of the spouses."[a]
In 2006, a constitutional amendment to ban the legal recognition of same-sex marriage was proposed. The measure was backed by the conservative Christian Democratic Party, then President Antonio Saca and several other parties; i.e. Democratic Change, the Front for Democratic Revolution and the National Conciliation Party. But was opposed, and thus defeated, by the FMLN. It failed to win enough votes to be formally ratified due to the FMLN legislators.  
On 30 April 2009, the Legislative Assembly of El Salvador approved a last-minute constitutional amendment that would have banned same-sex couples from marrying by defining marriage as being between only "a man and a woman" and barring them from adopting children. Civil rights groups vowed to fight the measure, which still needed to be voted on by other government branches before becoming law. The amendment eventually failed the same month.
On 25 April 2012, a same-sex marriage and adoption ban was introduced to the Legislative Assembly. The measure eventually failed on 8 February 2014, after only receiving 19 votes in favor of its ratification.
In January 2018, the Salvadoran Constitutional Court declared the proposed constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriage unlawful, because it was "fast-trecked through the Assembly and voted on urgently just days left in the session."
On 8 January 2018, the Inter-American Court of Human Rights (IACHR) ruled that the American Convention on Human Rights mandates and requires the recognition of same-sex marriage. The ruling was fully binding on Costa Rica and set binding precedent in other Latin American and Caribbean countries including El Salvador.
In the wake of this ruling, LGBT advocacy groups have urged the Government of El Salvador to abide by the ruling, and legalise same-sex marriage.
According to a 2008 poll, 14% of Salvadorans supported same-sex marriage, while 80% were opposed and 6% were undecided.
A 2010 poll revealed that El Salvador had some of the lowest support for legalizing same-sex marriage in Latin America at 10%.
According to a Pew Research Center survey, conducted between November 9 and December 17, 2013, 11% of Salvadorans supported same-sex marriage, 81% were opposed.
The 1844 United States presidential election in Indiana took place between November 1 and December 4, 1844, as part of the 1844 United States presidential election. Voters chose 12 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Indiana voted for the Democratic candidate, James K. Polk, over Whig candidate Henry Clay. Polk won Indiana by a narrow margin of 1.65%.
Julia Konrad Viezzer (born 6 August 1990) is a Brazilian actress, singer and women's rights activist. She is known for her leading role as Gabriela, in Carlos Saldanha's fantasy Netflix series Invisible City, and her role as Pepita in International Emmy Award nominated series One Against All.
In 2020 Julia returns as Pepita for the fourth and final season of One Against All, and releases her first single, "Vuelve", as part of the soundtrack of the series. In August, she releases her second single, "Colores", a collaboration with Pernambuco musician Barro.
In 2021, she stars in the first season of Netflix's Brazilian series, Invisible City, as anthropologist Gabriela Alves, and is cast as Paloma, an Interpol agent working undercover in Amazon Prime Video Brazilian original series Dom.
Robert W. "Rob" Kauffman is a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 89th District and was elected in 2004.  He currently sits on the House Consumer Affairs, Gaming Oversight, and Tourism and Recreational Development Committees.
Rob and his wife, Niki, live in Scotland, Pennsylvania (Unincorporated) with their children Abby, Will, Andrew and Caleb.
This article about a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Tiny Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County, Idaho, United States, located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area.  The lake is accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 683.
Tiny Lake is northwest of Merriam Peak and located in the lower section of the Boulder Chain Lakes Basin.
This Geographical stub article in Custer County, Idaho is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Saulsbury was born in Mispillion Hundred, Kent County, Delaware, son of William & Margaret Ann Smith Saulsbury. He was the middle brother of Governor Gove Saulsbury and U.S. Senator Willard Saulsbury Sr.  Saulsbury was educated at Dickinson College, studied law, was admitted to the Delaware Bar in 1857, and began his practice in Dover, Delaware, where he lived.
Elections are held the first week of November. Members of the Delaware General Assembly take office the first week of January. The State House has a term of two years. The General Assembly chose the U.S. Senators, who took office March 4 for a six-year term.
The once tabloid-sized weekly newspaper is now a monthly magazine that publishes online daily and is owned by American Lawyer Media, ALM.
This article relating to law in the United States or its constituent jurisdictions is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This biographical article related to fencing in the United Kingdom is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article incorporates material from axiom of countable choice on PlanetMath, which is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution/Share-Alike License.
In 2005 she starred alongside Louis Garrel in Philippe Garrel's Regular Lovers, it was her first main role at the cinema. After the film she starred the short film Comment on freine dans une descente? in 2006.
Also in 2012 she starred in Les Revenants, a TV series that is considered an international success by critics and audiences.
Canis Heights is a mainly snow-covered ridge located between the two upper tributaries of Millett Glacier on the western edge of the Dyer Plateau of Palmer Land. The feature was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee after the constellations of Canis Major and Canis Minor.
The company then brought in former IBM and other computer industry executives in an attempt to remake the company as a leading producer of personal computers. By 1989, nearly all (90 percent) of its personal computer sales were in Europe, and its stock price had fallen from a 1983 peak of $34.25 to $0.50.
This biographical article related to association football in England, about a midfielder born in the 1920s, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The 1st Dakota Cavalry was a Union battalion of two companies raised in the Dakota Territory during the American Civil War. They were deployed along the frontier, primarily to protect the settlers during the Sioux Uprising of 1862.
During the August 1862 Sioux uprising, Company A escorted settlers as they moved to protective stockades. Governor William Jayne also called for "every able-bodied man to arms in defense of the homes of Dakota", with 399 men responding.
At this time Captain Alpheus G. Fuller, an early settler in the territory, began raising a cavalry militia in Bon Homme and Charles Mix counties, the "Militia Brigade of Dakota". After failing to form a company for U.S. service, the men were merged with volunteers organizing at Elk Point. On March 31, 1863, these men were mustered in to form Company B at Sioux City, Iowa, with Captain William Tripp commanding. This company was known by settlers as the "Dakota Rangers".
Both companies were engaged in the protection of the Dakota frontier towns while Generals Henry H. Sibley and Alfred Sully, with regiments of infantry and cavalry from Minnesota, Iowa and Nebraska, sought out the hostile Indians throughout the territory. The two companies were split into detachments for use in the several settlements.
As the Civil War and Indian conflicts were drawing to a close, Companies A and B were mustered out on May 9, 1865, and November 15, 1865 respectively. The battalion had a total of 194 soldiers.
In June 1864, the 1st Dakota Cavalry Battalion served as guard for Brig. Gen. Alfred Sully as he traveled to Fort Sully, Dakota Territory to rendezvous with various companies there. Upon the completion of the brigade, the expedition left Fort Sully on June 24, 1864. On July 28, 1864, Sully's force of 2,200 soldiers encountered a camp of over 5,000 Sioux warriors. During the subsequent Battle of Killdeer Mountain, United States forces lost 5 men killed and 10 men wounded. 
This article about a property in South Dakota on the National Register of Historic Places is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
William Weer (a.k.a. William A. Weer and William Weir) was a lawyer, attorney general for Kansas and an officer in the Union Army during the American Civil War.  He is notable for his service in the Trans-Mississippi Theater early in the war and later for being dismissed from the army following a court-martial.
During the time Weer worked as a lawyer he served as legal council for the Wyandott Reservation in Kansas.  In 1857 Weer became the second person to hold to position of attorney general in the territory of Kansas.  He held that post from 1857-1858.  He was also active in the Kansas State Militia and became a brigadier general of militia in 1861.
While serving in Lane's Kansas Brigade, Weer was present during the Sacking of Osceola, and was one of the few Jayhawker officers present to favor sparing the town over burning it. His desire was overruled by Lane.
Much of the bay's foreshore on the western and eastern sides are limestone cliffs. The head of the bay is the location of the Claremont foreshore. Other important features to the south are the sand spit at Point Walter and Point Resolution at the eastern end.
Parts of Freshwater Bay are designated ski areas. Due to Point Walter's spit and the high surrounding limestone cliffs, the bay has relatively calm waters and is protected from winds, making the area suited for jet skiing, rowing, sailing and other water recreations.
Royal Freshwater Bay Yacht Club  and Claremont Yacht Club are situated in the bay, both of which provide recreational boat mooring space and other club facilities as well as conducting races.
Christ Church Grammar School and Methodist Ladies' College are also situated atop the limestone cliffs along the northern section of the bay, often using it for rowing training and also kayaking for physical education classes.
Extensive and long standing environmental impacts of suburban development around the bay have been reviewed following stricter environmental regulation.
Origo has holdings in numerous subsidiaries: Applicon in Sweden, Denmark, UK and Iceland, ParX Business Consulting ehf., Dansupport in Denmark, Klak ehf., SimDex ehf. and Linkur ehf. It currently has approximately 750 employees.[citation needed]
This biographical article related to a Polish association football forward is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The company was founded in 1996 by Phillip Merrick and Caren Merrick to use Web standards such as HTTP and (later) XML to allow software applications to communicate with one another in real time. This type of technology would later be referred to as "web services". The company's first product, called the "Web Automation Server" was released in August 1996; this was later superseded by the "WebMethods Integration Server", which was the company's first product to see significant commercial use.
The company was an early developer and promoter of standards for web service technologies, having worked on XML-RPC, a precursor to SOAP, and developed WIDL (Web Interface Definition Language), a precursor to the WSDL standard.
Software AG acquired webMethods in 2007 for $546 million and announced that the brand webMethods will be retained, effectively making webMethods its flagship product line. WebMethods version 8.0 was released in 2009, supplemented with other Software AG products such as Centrasite, Tamino and EntireX. In 2010, the webMethods ("BPE") division of Software AG recorded $668 million (499M Euros) in revenues and was a major contributor to overall company net income of $292 million (218M Euros).
Alexx Calise (born June 28, 1985), is an American singer, songwriter, and musician. She is best known for her solo work and her other musical project (with songwriting partner Dennis Morehouse), Batfarm.
Alexx Calise was born on June 28, 1985 in Staten Island, New York, but grew up in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. An avid writer, she began playing the guitar at age 11 to emulate her father, who is also a musician. Calise began pursuing her professional music career at the age of 14.
Calise is probably best known for her song, "Cry", which enjoyed heavy rotation on Lifetime's Dance Moms and has gone on to sell hundreds of thousands of units independently. "Cry" peaked at No. 64 on the iTunes rock charts in August 2011, and its official music video also features Dance Moms star, Maddie Ziegler, who danced to the song in several episodes of the show.
Calise is also an actress, and has appeared in several national TV commercials and shows including the Discovery Channel documentary, The Science of Sex Appeal, Disney's Science of Imagineering DVD series, and most recently, a series of national Guitar Center commercials.
Calise and her band recently performed her song "Cry" on season 7 of Dance Moms with Nia Sioux and Kendall Vertes. Calise also released her single, "Breathe," which featured Nia Sioux on vocals on the same day as the episode's airing.
Calise is currently working on new music for her solo project and her band Batfarm, as well as hosting for Guitar World magazine and writing for a variety of music publications.
Calise is involved with the Wear Your Music Foundation, an organization that produces jewelry from high-profile artists' guitar strings. All sales from Calise's bracelets are donated to the Brain Trauma Foundation.
In 1712, he set up an observatory at the Luxembourg Palace and after three years moved to the Hotel de Taranne. From 1719 to 1722 he was employed at the Royal observatory, before returning to his observatory at the Luxembourg Palace. In 1724 he met Edmond Halley in London and, among other things, discussed transits of Venus.
Delisle is mostly known for the Delisle scale, a temperature scale he invented in 1732. The crater Delisle on the Moon, and the asteroid 12742 Delisle are named after him.
Skip Drinkwater is an American record producer. He is best known for working with jazz artists, Norman Connors, Alphonse Mouzon and Eddie Henderson, as well as discovering the Catalyst and working with the all black heavy metal band Sound Barrier.
The Revised Version of the Bible at the first use of the name Pi-HaHiroth has a link to a footnote that says "Or, where the desert tracks begin".
William Smith, in his Dictionary of Greek and Roman Geography, tentatively identifies Pi-HaHiroth with Arsinoe, Egypt at the northern end of the Gulf of Suez. Strong's Concordance simply locates Pi-HaHiroth as 'a place on the eastern border of Egypt'.
Stoke Mandeville railway station serves the village of Stoke Mandeville, south of Aylesbury in Buckinghamshire, England. The station is on the London - Aylesbury line and is served by Chiltern Railways trains. It is between Wendover and Aylesbury stations.
The station was opened on 1 September 1892, by the Metropolitan Railway (Met), when its main line was extended from Chalfont Road to Aylesbury Town. The Great Central Railway served the station from 1899, connecting the station to Leicester, Nottingham, and Sheffield.
In 1966 as a result of the Reshaping of British Railways report, the line north of Aylesbury was closed and the station is now only served by local commuter services. Services were run by British Rail until privatisation in 1996, when Chiltern Railways took over the franchise.
During the modernisation of the Met in the 1950s, the down (Aylesbury) platform buildings were demolished. In 1989-90 BR's Network SouthEast refurbished the station and the "up" (London) platform canopy was shortened slightly.
At peak times there are up to 4 trains per hour to London in the morning, and from London (to Aylesbury) in the evening. Some are express services, which omit the stops shared with the Metropolitan line nearer to London.
Journeys to Marylebone take about 55 minutes or 45 minutes for express trains, of which there is one per day. Journeys to Aylesbury take about 5 minutes.
For Stoke Mandeville Hospital, rail passengers should alight at Aylesbury and take the Red Route 9 or No 300 (Aylesbury to High Wycombe) bus from Aylesbury Bus Station which is located 300yds from the railway station at Aylesbury.
Buses run by Arriva Shires & Essex link Stoke Mandeville station with Aylesbury and Leighton Buzzard.
Helen Mary Haines (born 21 September 1961) is an Australian politician who has served as the independent MP for the Victorian seat of Indi since the 2019 federal election.
In the federal election, Haines won Indi, winning 32.4% of the primary vote and 51.4% of the two-party preferred vote. She defeated Liberal Steve Martin on the sixth count on Labor preferences. She became the first independent in Australian history to succeed another independent in a federal seat.
This biographical article relating to Belgian football is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Wild trout naturally reproduce in the watershed of Smith Cabin Run from its headwaters downstream to its mouth. The stream is classified as a Coldwater Fishery.
Smith Cabin Run was entered into the Geographic Names Information System on August 2, 1979. Its identifier in the Geographic Names Information System is 1187856.
Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission biologists visited Smith Cabin Run in August 2001 and found that there were no fish habitats there. However, in May 2014, the Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission held a meeting to determine whether to add Smith Cabin Run, among other streams, to their list of wild trout streams.
There are over 9,000 Grade I listed buildings in England.  This page is a list of these buildings in the county of Herefordshire.
Richardson lives and writes in Broad Bay, a beach settlement on the Otago Peninsula. She wrote part of her second novel A Year to Learn A Woman while living on the Kapiti Coast after being awarded the $6000 Foxton Fellowship, which included a month's residency in a cottage at Foxton Beach.
Dinah opens the story by recounting for readers the union of her mother Leah and father Jacob, as well as the expansion of the family to include Leah's sister Rachel, and the handmaids Zilpah and Bilhah. Leah is depicted as capable but testy, Rachel as something of a belle, but kind and creative, Zilpah as eccentric and spiritual, and Bilhah as the gentle and quiet one of the quartet.
Dinah remembers sitting in the red tent with her mother and aunts, gossiping about local events and taking care of domestic duties between visits to Jacob, the family's patriarch. A number of other characters not seen in the biblical account appear here, including Laban's second wife Ruti and her feckless sons.
Diamant acknowledges that there is no evidence that ancient Israel used a menstrual tent for retreat, although she describes it as a common feature in other pre-modern cultures, as well as some modern cultures.
Cultural attitudes towards menstruation, including taboos, are widespread throughout history and around the world. These may include the seclusion of girls at puberty and of women after childbirth. Impurity after childbirth was a widespread belief, allied with the need for ritual purification.
Lifetime adapted the novel into a two-part miniseries, which premiered December 7 and 8, 2014. Dinah is portrayed by Rebecca Ferguson. Leah is portrayed by Minnie Driver, and Rachel by Morena Baccarin.
The success of the single can partly be attributed to the accompanying video, which was directed by John Witteron, depicting Kelly as a long-suffering cab driver dealing with a night shift full of eccentric passengers.
At the 1986 Countdown Australian Music Awards the song was nominated for Best Male Performance in a Video and Best Single, losing out to John Farnham's "You're the Voice" in both categories.
In January 2018, as part of Triple M's "Ozzest 100", the 'most Australian' songs of all time, "Before Too Long" was ranked number 79.
A trimmed version of Gossip, featuring 15 tracks on a single LP, was released in the United States by A&M Records in July 1987. Allmusic's Mike DeGagne noted that "[it] bursts at the seams with blustery, distinguished tunes captivating both the somberness and the intrigue thrown forward from this fine Australian storyteller".
The album was co-produced by Kelly with Alan Thorne (Hoodoo Gurus, The Stems) who, according to music journalist Robert Forster (former The Go-Betweens singer-songwriter), helped the band create "a sound that will not only influence future roots-rock bands but, through its directness, sparkle and dedication to the song, will also come to be seen as particularly Australian. Ultimately, it means the records these people made together are timeless".
Sayed Nabi Siddiqui is an Afghan police officer who alleges that in August 2003 he was stripped naked by U.S.-led coalition forces, and beaten and photographed at the U.S. base in Gardez. Siddiqui also alleged he was subjected to sexual abuse, taunting and sleep deprivation. On May 12, 2004, the U.S. military announced it had opened an investigation into the allegations.
Siddiqui was detained on July 15, 2003, after he reported police corruption and someone then accused him of being a member of the Taliban. He alleges he was held for about 40 days at three different U.S. bases: Gardez, Kandahar and Bagram.
Siddiqui is one of 44 complaints submitted to the United Nations by Ahmed Zia Langari, a member of the Afghan Independent Human Rights Commission.
Siddiqui told the New York Times that in Kandahar, detainees were packed into wire cages and forced to use a bucket as a toilet in front of other detainees. He also said soldiers threw stones and bottles at detainees.
Kirk Dodge (born June 4, 1962) is a former American football middle linebacker. He played for the Detroit Lions in 1984, the Houston Oilers in 1986 and for the Denver Broncos in 1987.
Glyphipterix phosphora is a species of sedge moth in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1907. It is found in South Australia.
This article on a moth of the family Glyphipterigidae is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
WURV (103.7 MHz "103.7 Your Variety") is a commercial FM radio station licensed to Richmond, Virginia.  The station is owned by SummitMedia, through licensee SM-WURV, LLC.  WURV broadcasts a hot adult contemporary music format to the Richmond/Petersburg/Central Virginia radio market.
WURV's studios and offices are on Moorefield Park Drive in Richmond.  The transmitter is off Old Bon Air Road, also in Richmond.  WURV broadcasts in the HD Radio (hybrid) format.  Its HD-2 subchannel runs an all sports format, which is simulcast on translator station 106.1 W291CL as "Sports 106.1."  WURV's HD-3 subchannel simulcasts Virginia Tech's public radio station 89.1 WVTF from Roanoke, Virginia.  It feeds translator station 92.5 W223AZ, which is owned by Virginia Tech.
On December 23, 1961, the station first signed on the air as WFMV. It was owned by Professional Broadcasting, Inc. and aired a classical music format, operating as the first stereo radio station in Richmond.
WFMV was one of several Richmond FM stations receiving permission from the Federal Communications Commission for unusually high power.  Today, Richmond is in Zone 1, limited to a maximum of 50,000 watts effective radiated power (ERP). Before current class power limits were drafted in 1964, however,, WFMV was permitted to operate at 73,800 watts, WRNL-FM (now WRXL) broadcast at 120,000 watts, and, to this day, 94.5 WRVQ (then WRVA-FM) is grandfathered at 200,000 watts.
In 1964, WFMV was sold to the Fidelity Bankers Life Insurance Company. Fidelity moved WFMV's studios to its suburban headquarters at Willow Lawn in Henrico County. For a time, it was co-managed with WGOE, a 1,000-watt AM daytime station owned by brothers Major and J. Sargeant Reynolds.
Benjamin F. Thomas acquired WFMV in 1967 for $60,000; Thomas owned part of WKSL, an FM station in Greencastle, Pennsylvania. Thomas relocated the WFMV studios into two used office trailers at the rural transmitter site. The remote location was on a dirt road through the woods; during rain and snow, it was often accessible only by foot.
Thomas had financial problems, and employees, mostly college students, were bolstered by loyal listeners and continued to man the station even when payrolls were late and inclement weather blocked access to the site. Engineering staff from nearby stations, notably the well-funded WRVA ("The 50,000 watt Voice of Virginia"), loaned parts and repair talent to help maintain the aging transmitting equipment. Although privately owned, WFMV had become something of a community effort.
The easy format was popular through the 1970s, but by 1980, beautiful music had become less appealing to youthful and middle-aged listeners which advertisers usually seek.  WEZS responded by adding more vocals to its largely instrumental playlist. Around 1983, the station made the complete transition to soft adult contemporary music, eliminating nearly all instrumental titles, and rebranded as "EZ104".
In the 1990s, WMXB's transmitter was relocated to a new tower, more than doubling its height above average terrain (HAAT) to 750 feet.  That was coupled with a decrease in effective radiated power to 18,500 watts.  Despite the lower wattage, the taller tower gave WMXB a similar coverage area.
On March 22, 2004, the station dumped the Hot AC format and "B-103" moniker for a soft AC format that leaned toward 1980s, 1990s, and current titles, and rebranded as "Mix 103.7".
On April 16, 2007, WMXB relaunched as a Hot AC station with a more current and upbeat focus, while retaining the "Mix" branding.
On April 22, 2010, at 3 p.m., WMXB flipped to adult album alternative, branded as "103.7 The River."  Along with the flip, the station adopted the new call sign WURV, with "RV" standing for "River", an allusion to the James River that flows through Richmond. The first song on "The River" was "Learn to Fly" by the Foo Fighters. At the same time, sister station WDYL (now WJSR) began redirecting listeners to WURV in preparation of a format flip to Rhythmic Top 40 a week after WURV's debut.
On July 20, 2012, Cox Radio announced the sale of WURV and 22 other stations to Summit Media LLC for $66.25 million. The sale was consummated on May 3, 2013.
On September 24, 2013, WURV returned to Hot AC, branded as 103.7 Play. On March 4, 2021, WURV rebranded as 103.7 Your Variety, with no change in format.
The 1998 Speedway Grand Prix of Denmark was the third race of the 1998 Speedway Grand Prix season. It took place on 17 July in the Speedway Center in Vojens, Denmark It was the fourth Danish SGP and was won by Danish rider Hans Nielsen. It was the fifth win of his career.
SR 18 thus takes an unusual path in the shape of a question mark.  On most of the signs of the highway, cardinal descriptions are not posted below the route markers, since it does not clearly go either west/east or north/south.  Also notable is that State Route 18 and 138 cover each other in opposing termini, as SR 138 ends at its southmost point in Crestline with SR 18, while SR 18's northwest most endpoint is in Llano with SR 138.
SR 18 from SR 138 at Crestline to SR 38 at the westernmost point of Big Bear Lake, and the SR 18/38 overlap in the City of Big Bear Lake, are designated as part of the Rim of the World Scenic Byway, a National Forest Scenic Byway.
Before 1964, SR 18 continued south of San Bernardino to Lakewood, via La Cadena Drive, Magnolia Avenue, 6th Street, Pomona-Rincon Road, Santa Ana Canyon Road, Lincoln Avenue, Carson Street and Lakewood Boulevard.  When freeways were constructed, SR 18 was routed on what is now Interstate 215 and State Route 91 as well as Lakewood Boulevard. SR 18 then ran concurrently with State Route 19 to the western terminus of U.S. Route 6 in Long Beach.
Endemic to Brazil, its natural habitats are dry savanna, moist savanna, swamps, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes. It also inhabits pastureland, rural gardens, ponds, and canals and ditches.
Abdumuqit Vohidov is a citizen of Tajikistan who was held in extrajudicial detention, for five years, in the United States' Guantanamo Bay detention camps, in Cuba. His Guantanamo Internment Serial Number was 90. Vohidov was returned to his native Tajikistan on 28 February 2007.
Vohidov was one of nine former Taliban prisoners the Associated Press pointed out had gone from Taliban custody to American custody.
The Taliban had accused Vohidov of spying for Russia, and imprisoned him for nearly three years. At Kandahar Airfield, he complained to Cpt. Danner that he had been housed in a more humane prison by the Taliban, where he had been given a radio, fresh fruit and proper toilet facilities.
Vohidov and Sharopov received sentences of 17 years on 18 August 2007. The two men were convicted of serving as mercenaries.[citation needed]
Carol Rosenberg, writing in the Miami Herald on 7 July  2009, reported that Umar Abdulayev, the sole remaining Tajikistani, reported that a delegation of Tajikistani security officials threatened to retaliate against him Sharipov and Vohidov, unless they agreed to pretend to be militant jihadists, and report on real militant jihadists, following their repatriations.
On 15 June 2008, the McClatchy News Service published articles based on interviews with 66 former Guantanamo captives. McClatchy reporters interviewed Airat Vakhitov by telephone. Vohidov told his interviewers he was suffering ongoing mental problems, and that he was worried that if interviewers visited him in person he would be punished by Russian security officials.[citation needed]
Vohidov had been an imam in Tatarstan, who was imprisoned following a general round-up when Russian officials were cracking down on Chechens.  He was temporarily freed, and fled Russia when he learned that security officials were looking for him. He said he was kidnapped by the forces of the Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan, and eventually transported to Afghanistan, against his will.[citation needed]
Bridget McCormack, a candidate for a seat on the Michigan Supreme Court, helped defend Vohitov, and in 2012, the Judicial Crisis Network broadcast an advertisement which criticized her for "freeing a terrorist." Andrew Rosenthal, of The New York Times criticized the Judicial Crisis Network ad, which contained footage of Teri Johnson, the mother of Joseph Johnson, a GI who was killed in Afghanistan, who says:
 Rosenthal pointed out that Vohitov was freed through the non-judicial review, through the Office for the Administrative Review of Detained Enemy Combatants in 2007.
On 29 June 2016, Secretary of State John Kerry, citing Executive Order 13224, classed Vohidov as a Specially Designated Global Terrorist.
In 1965 she graduated from Tartu State University with a degree in Finno-Ugric languages. Her main fields of research have been Estonian language related terminology, dictionaries, lexicology, language planning and the development of jargon in many disciplines.
from 1965 until 2009, she worked at the Estonian Language Institute. From 1977 until 1984, she taught a course in terminology at Tartu State University and in 1984 and 1986 at the Tallinn Pedagogical Institute in language planning.
In 1993, she lectured at the University of Helsinki. She has worked to clarify the terminology of patenting, construction, pedagogy and linguistics, as well as professional titles. She participated in the compilation of Estonian orthography dictionaries, including the editor and co-compiler of the 1999 and 2006 dictionaries and one of the compilers of the 1976 and 2013 dictionaries. She has also edited, among other things, volumes three and four of the Russian-Estonian Dictionary.
This article about a sculpture in the United Kingdom is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The 2007 Tsuen Wan District Council election was held on 18 November 2007 to elect all 17 elected members to the 24-member District Council.
He was born at Woodland Mount, a large country house near Huddersfield, on 29 April 1855 the son of Joseph Woodhead, a newspaper owner (and later politician), and his wife Catherine Woodhead.
He was educated at Huddersfield College. He then studied Medicine at Edinburgh University, graduating MB ChB in 1878.
From 1885 to 1890 he worked as a lab assistant in Edinburgh University, living then at 6 Marchhall Crescent. During his time in Edinburgh, in 1886, he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh. His proposers were Sir William Turner, Alexander Crum Brown, Robert Gray and Sir John Murray.
In 1890, aged only 35, he became Director of the Conjoint Laboratories of the Royal Colleges of Physicians and of Surgeons in London.
In 1899 he was made Professor of Pathology in Cambridge University. He was the first Editor of the Journal of Pathology.
In the First World War he was the Inspector of Government Laboratories serving all military hospitals. He was attached to the RAMC at the rank of Lt Colonel. Largely as a result of this service he was knighted (KBE) by King George V in 1919.
He died at Aisthorpe Hall in Lincolnshire on 29 December 1921 and is buried in Cambridge City Cemetery.
This article about an English writer, poet or playwright is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The 1916 Kentucky Derby was the 42nd running of the Kentucky Derby. The race took place on May 13, 1916. Horses St. Isidore, Bulse, and Huffaker  scratched before the race.
Arusha National Park covers Mount Meru, a prominent volcano with an elevation of 4566 m, in the Arusha Region of north eastern Tanzania. The park is small but varied with spectacular landscapes in three distinct areas. In the west, the Meru Crater funnels the Jekukumia River; the peak of Mount Meru lies on its rim. Ngurdoto Crater in the south-east is grassland. The shallow alkaline Momella Lakes in the north-east have varying algal colours and are known for their wading birds.
Springfield Central is a suburb in the City of Ipswich, Queensland, Australia. In the 2016 census, Springfield Central had a population of 114 people. It is the designated business district of Greater Springfield.
The Centenary Highway forms the northern boundary of the suburb. Despite its name, the Springfield Central railway station is immediately to the north of the highway and hence in the neighbouring suburb of Brookwater.  The Robelle Domain is a 487 hectares (1,200 acres) parkland in the northern half of Springfield Central incorporating artificial lakes and waterways, landscaped gardens and cycle and pedestrian paths.
Springfield Central State School and Springfield Central State High School both opened on 1 January 2011.
The suburb is the commercial, retail, educational, health and infrastructure hub of the Greater Springfield Development.  It contains the Orion Springfield Central shopping centre which is home to almost 200 retailers, the Springfield Central railway station, office buildings, a large city parkland called Robelle Domain and water playground called Orion Lagoon, and the Mater Private Hospital Springfield.
Springfield Central is also home to various education and training institutions including a campus of the University of Southern Queensland and TAFE Queensland, the Union Institute of Language, Peter McMahon's Swim Factory, several private secondary institutions including St Peters Lutheran College Springfield and numerous public schools including Springfield Central State School and Springfield Central State High School, both of which were established in 2011.
Springfield Central also hosts numerous commercial retailers including Bunnings, BCF and Event Cinemas with a Timezone arcade set to open in 2020.
The Ipswich City Council previously operated a fortnightly mobile library service which visited Orion Springfield Central (opposite the lagoon). With the development of the Springfield Central Library, this has since been removed.
Aveo Springfield opened its first two buildings in 2018 providing 86 living spaces for elderly residents. At completion, the community is expected to host more than 2500 living spaces. In 2019, the $56 million Springfield Central Sports Complex was opened to the public. The sporting precinct features sixteen netball courts, eight tennis courts, four multi-purpose sporting fields, canteen amenities and playground.
In October 2019, the previous Springfield Central Tavern site was replaced by the Springfield Brewery, Bar & Kitchen, owned by Salisbury-based craft beer brewery Ballistic Beer Co.The craft micro-brewery also produces a European style pilsner, the Springfield Pilsner, named after their location.
Campbell began practicing as an attorney in Aberdeen, South Dakota in 1912, serving as city attorney from 1921 to 1923, and in the South Dakota State Senate for Brown County, South Dakota in 1923. In March 1925, Governor Carl Gunderson appointed Campbell to a seat on the state supreme court vacated by the retirement of ailing justice Frank Anderson; Campbell assumed office on April 1, 1925.
This biography of a state judge in the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Gavin Andrew Stuart Newlands (born 2 February 1980) is a Scottish National Party politician. He has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Paisley and Renfrewshire North since the 2015 general election. He has served as the SNP Shadow Secretary of State for Transport since 2020.
Newlands is the first ever MP for the constituency to be elected from the SNP. At the 2017 general election, he was re-elected, with a reduced majority of 9,076 votes to 2,613. Subsequently, at the 2019 election Newlands achieved his biggest majority in the seat, of 11,902 or 24.0% of the vote.
Newlands was born in the old Paisley Maternity Hospital in 1980 and raised in the town of Renfrew, where he currently resides with wife, Lynn and their two children. He was educated at Renfrew's St James' Primary and Trinity High School. While enrolled at James Watt College, Newlands was offered a promotion in his part-time job at McDonalds, and dropped out of college.
Newlands has been a member of the SNP for 25 years. He joined the youth wing of the party in 1992 at the age of twelve.[citation needed] He became a local community council councillor for Renfrew in 2011 and has supported local causes, including a West of Scotland foodbank. Newlands was a member of Paisley Rugby Club for 16 years, serving as club captain for three years.
Newlands was selected to stand for election for the Scottish National Party (SNP) in January 2015 after securing the support of local party members following an internal selection process. He was elected to the House of Commons at the 2015 Westminster election when he overturned the incumbent Labour MP's 15,280 majority and emerged with a majority of 9,076 votes for himself - representing a 26.47% swing to Newlands and the SNP.
He is currently the Westminster SNP Spokesperson on Sport, Wales, and Northern Ireland, as well as being Chair of the White Ribbon All-Party Parliamentary Group (APPG) on Male Violence Against Women and is Chair of the APPG on Scottish Sport. He serves on the Justice Select Committee.
Pleasantville High School is a comprehensive community public high school that serves students in ninth through twelfth grade from the City of Pleasantville, in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States, operating as the lone secondary school of the Pleasantville Public Schools, an Abbott District.
Students from Absecon attend the district's high school for grades 9-12 as part of a sending/receiving relationship with the Absecon Public School District.
In 2004, the Try-Math-A-Lon Team won the National Championship at the National Society of Black Engineers Conference (NSBE) in Dallas, Texas. In 2010 and 2011, the Try-Math-A-Lon teams won the regional championships and progressed to the Nationals in Boston and Orlando respectively where they placed second both years.
The school has had a longstanding sports rivalry with Atlantic City High School. The best known is between the basketball teams of both schools, an event that is referred to as "Battle By The Bay" which started in 1994. Atlantic City High won 13 games and Pleasantville has won 6. The cheerleading battle between both schools is considered to be one of the highlights of the event.
The boys' basketball team won the Group II title in 1974 (defeating runner-up Hillside High School in the tournament final), 1995 (vs. Boonton High School) and 1996 (vs. Dwight Morrow High School).
The girls' basketball team won the Group II state championships in 1978 (against Lyndhurst High School in the finals) and 1981 (vs. Queen of Peace High School). The 1978 team finished the season with a 24-3 record after winning the Group III title with a 49-42 win against Lyndhurst in the championship game. The 1981 team won the Group II title after they defeated Queen of Peace by a score of 60-45 in the championship game played at North Brunswick Township High School with 1,500 in attendance.
The boys' track team won the NJSIAA indoor relay championships in Group II in 1991 and in Group I in both 2012 and 2013.
The boys track team won the indoor track Group I state championship in 1996, 2008, 2012 and 2013, and won the Group II title in 1999 (as co-champion). The girls team won the Group II title in 2011.
In 2010, the cross country team won the Cape-Atlantic League conference championship, finishing the season undefeated with a record of 10-0.
In 2011, Pleasantville's track and field won two state titles at the Group I indoor track and field championships at the Bennett Center in Toms River.
Six suspects were arrested after a shooting broke out during the third quarter of a November 2019 football playoff game in Pleasantville against Camden High School, with Camden leading by a score of 6-0. A 10-year-old victim, one of four injured spectators, died days later. 31-year-old Alvin Wyatt, the suspected shooter pled not guilty to his charges which include murder, attempted murder, and weapons offenses.
Oliver James Fisher (born 13 September 1988) is an English professional golfer who plays on the European Tour.
Fisher was born in Chingford, London.[citation needed] He was a winner of the Faldo Series, Nick Faldo's development programme for young golfers, in 2003, 2004 and 2005, and as such was regarded as one of the best prospects of his generation. In 2004, he was part of the English team winning the European Boys' Team Championship and a member of Europe's winning 2004 Junior Ryder Cup team against United States in Ohio. In 2005 he became the youngest player to take part in the Walker Cup.
In late 2006, while still an amateur, Fisher entered the European Tour's qualifying school. He finished fifth to become the youngest Briton to win a tour card and immediately turned professional.
The 2009 season proved a struggle for Fisher as he finished 125th on the Race To Dubai standings and therefore lost his European Tour Card, and failed to gain it back at qualifying school. Nevertheless, Fisher received a number of starts and sponsors invites in 2010, and a run of 4 consecutive top ten finishes in the early part of the season gave Fisher the momentum to successfully re-establish himself and regain full playing rights for the 2011 season.
At the end of 2012, Fisher entered the PGA Tour Qualifying School and reached the final stage. However, he missed qualifying by just one stroke over six rounds. This was the last time that the Qualifying School provided a chance for players to qualify for the main PGA Tour, rather than the Web.com Tour. He remained on the European Tour for 2013.
In 2018, Fisher shot the first-ever round of 59 on the European Tour in the second round of the Portugal Masters.
Tropidosteptes adustus is a species of plant bug in the family Miridae. It is found in North America.
Su is also a member of Funky Grammar Unit. His former wife is singer-songwriter Ai Otsuka. He has one daughter, born on March 24, 2011.
Manasseh Ishiaku (born 9 January 1983) is a Nigerian former professional footballer who played as a striker.
This biographical article related to a football forward from Nigeria is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This biographical article relating to a sportsperson from Rivers State is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Party is the second studio album by New Zealand folk singer-songwriter Aldous Harding, released on 19 May 2017 by 4AD. The album was recorded in Bristol with John Parish, who produced the album, and features contributions from Parish, Fenne Lily, and Mike Hadreas.
The album was nominated for Album of the Year at the 2017 New Zealand Music Awards. It was also nominated for IMPALA's European Album of the Year Award.
"Horizon" was released as a single on 10 February 2017 with an accompanying music video directed by Charlotte Evans. The album was detailed the same day.
"Imagining My Man" was released as a single on 29 March 2017 with an accompanying music video, also directed by Charlotte Evans.
At Metacritic, which assigns a normalised rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream publications, the album received an average score of 83, based on 11 reviews.
Kelsey J. Waite of The A.V. Club described the album as evidence of Harding's "command of her craft" but lamented that "the fantastic background experimentation, bleating wind instruments, and appearances by Mike Hadreas (Perfume Genius) are ultimately too slight to lend the record much in the way of dynamics."
This biographical article related to politics in the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Launceston North and North Petherwin (Cornish: Lannstevan North ha Peder Wynn) is an electoral division of Cornwall in the United Kingdom and returns one member to sit on Cornwall Council. The current Councillor is Adam Paynter, an Independent and the council's Deputy Leader.
Starting from 800 CE, the city went into decline, possibly due to being subjugated from a neighboring dominion. The area would not grow again until after the Spanish Conquest, with the founding of the Spanish city of Huajuapan in the valley area below, next to the river. This settlement was established in 1525.
The residential areas generally contain foundations of stone, with walls of stone or adobe. Later homes built here  have thinner walls made with flagstone filling in the gaps from the larger stones.  Residential buildings situated in dominant positions have gravesites. This seems to be related to more modern Mixtec burial traditions, especially for those in high or preferred positions in society.
The palace is divided into rooms, a central patio and a large tomb, Number 5. This tomb contains three major burials, probably related to the ruling family. A total of nine tombs were discovered, some had been robbed but in other were found human remains, vessels and gravestones with the names of the deceased. In addition to these, more than 100 ordinary graves were found.
Covers the width of the Hill Summit; There was a structure, probably a temple. Access was via a wide staircase.
It is a large platform with vertical walls and flat surface. Probably had residences at the northeast side, has not been determined what buildings were constructed on the platform.
Located between mounds 1 & 2, Tomb 5 Patio is located here, surrounded on three sides by residential structures, there are basement remains of rooms and patios.
Yet to be explored, the space between mounds 2 and 3, without residential houses, as the Tomb 5 patio, it is believed to have been a Tianguis (market).
Pieces found on site are exhibited in this Museum, others in the Oaxaca Cultures Museum and the Mitla Frissell Museum
The content consists of a series of domas, "dooms" or judgments, and while providing historical information about Kentish compensation and management of public order, it focuses more on procedure than do the other two Kentish codes. There are eleven distinct groups of provisions according to the text's most recent editor Lisi Oliver, though F. L. Attenborough had previously broken it down into 15. Surprisingly, there are no provisions directly related to the church.
Ursula Poznanski was born in Vienna and grew up in Perchtoldsdorf and, after completing high school, took courses in Japanese studies, journalism, law and theater studies at the University of Vienna, but did not complete a degree. In 1996 she began working as an editor in a medical publishing house. In 2000, after the birth of her son, she took part in a scriptwriting competition run by the Austrian Broadcasting Corporation; her script for a romantic comedy did not win.
In 2001, her first manuscript Buchstabendschungel was accepted by the Austrian publishing house Dachs and was published in 2003. In the following years she released more children's books and worked in parallel on her first young adult novel. However, she found when searching for a publisher that her book did not fit the market requirements. She instead wrote the manuscript for her first youth thriller Erebos , which was published in 2010 by Loewe Verlag.
Carl Perkins and his brother Jay performed the song for the B-Side of "Glad All Over", which was released by Sun Records on the "Sun 287: The Rockin' Guitar Man" record.
In April 2019, the official music video of Sul tsin iare was released. The video, directed by Giorgi Ebralidze, was filmed at a number of locations in Georgia including Maltakva village, Enguri Bridge, and Tbilisi, and also featured singers of the ensemble Shavnabada.
Net Energy Gain (NEG) is a concept used in energy economics that refers to the difference between the energy expended to harvest an energy source and the amount of energy gained from that harvest. The net energy gain, which can be expressed in joules, differs from the net financial gain that may result from the energy harvesting process, in that various sources of energy (e.g. natural gas, coal, etc.) can be priced differently for the same amount of energy.
A net energy gain is achieved by expending less energy acquiring a source of energy than is contained in the source to be consumed. That is
Factors to consider when calculating NEG is the type of energy, the way energy is used and acquired, and the methods used to store or transport the energy. It is also possible to overcomplicate the equation by an infinite number of externalities and inefficiencies that may be present during the energy harvesting process.
The definition of an energy source is not rigorous. Anything that can provide energy to anything else can qualify. Wood in a stove is full of potential thermal energy; in a car, mechanical energy is acquired from the combustion of gasoline, and the combustion of coal is converted from thermal to mechanical, and then to electrical energy. Examples of energy sources include:
The extraction energy can be viewed in one of two ways: profitable extractable (NEG>0) or nonprofitable extractable (NEG<0). For instance, in the Athabasca Oil Sands, the highly diffuse nature of the tar sands and low price of crude oil rendered them uneconomical to mine until the late 1950s (NEG<0). Since then, the price of oil has risen and a new steam extraction technique has been developed, allowing the sands to become the largest oil provider in Alberta (NEG>0).
The situation is different with sustainable energy sources, such as hydroelectric, wind, solar, and geothermal energy sources, because there is no bulk reserve to account for (other than the Sun's lifetime), but the energy continuously trickles, so only the energy required for extraction is considered.
ISO 13602-1 provides methods to analyse, characterize and compare technical energy systems (TES) with all their inputs, outputs and risk factors. It contains rules and guidelines for the methodology for such analyses.
ISO 13602-1 describes a means of to establish relations between inputs and outputs (net energy) and thus to facilitate certification, marking, and labelling, comparable characterizations, coefficient of performance, energy resource planning, environmental impact assessments, meaningful energy statistics and forecasting of the direct natural energy resource or energyware inputs, technical energy system investments and the performed and expected future energy service outputs.
In ISO 13602-1:2002, renewable resource is defined as "natural resource for which the ratio of the creation of the natural resource to the output of that resource from nature to the technosphere is equal to or greater than one".
Myocarditis, also known as inflammatory cardiomyopathy, is inflammation of the heart muscle. Symptoms can include shortness of breath, chest pain, decreased ability to exercise, and an irregular heartbeat. The duration of problems can vary from hours to months. Complications may include heart failure due to dilated cardiomyopathy or cardiac arrest.
Myocarditis is most often due to a viral infection. Other causes include bacterial infections, certain medications, toxins and autoimmune disorders. A diagnosis may be supported by an electrocardiogram (ECG), increased troponin, heart MRI, and occasionally a heart biopsy. An ultrasound of the heart is important to rule out other potential causes such as heart valve problems.
Treatment depends on both the severity and the cause. Medications such as ACE inhibitors, beta blockers, and diuretics are often used. A period of no exercise is typically recommended during recovery. Corticosteroids or intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG) may be useful in certain cases. In severe cases an implantable cardiac defibrillator or heart transplant may be recommended.
In 2013, about 1.5 million cases of acute myocarditis occurred. While people of all ages are affected, the young are most often affected. It is slightly more common in males than females. Most cases are mild. In 2015 cardiomyopathy, including myocarditis, resulted in 354,000 deaths up from 294,000 in 1990. The initial descriptions of the condition are from the mid-1800s.
The signs and symptoms associated with myocarditis are varied, and relate either to the actual inflammation of the myocardium or to the weakness of the heart muscle that is secondary to the inflammation.  Signs and symptoms of myocarditis include the following:
Since myocarditis is often due to a viral illness, many patients give a history of symptoms consistent with a recent viral infection, including fever, rash, diarrhea, joint pains, and easily becoming tired.
Myocarditis is often associated with pericarditis, and many people with myocarditis present with signs and symptoms that suggest myocarditis and pericarditis at the same time.
Myocarditis refers to an underlying process that causes inflammation and injury of the heart.  It does not refer to inflammation of the heart as a consequence of some other insult.  Many secondary causes, such as a heart attack, can lead to inflammation of the myocardium and therefore the diagnosis of myocarditis cannot be made by evidence of inflammation of the myocardium alone.
Myocardial inflammation can be suspected on the basis of electrocardiographic (ECG) results, elevated C-reactive protein (CRP) and/or erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR), and increased IgM (serology) against viruses known to affect the myocardium. Markers of myocardial damage (troponin or creatine kinase cardiac isoenzymes) are elevated.
The ECG findings most commonly seen in myocarditis are diffuse T wave inversions; saddle-shaped ST-segment elevations may be present (these are also seen in pericarditis).
Cardiac magnetic resonance imaging (cMRI or CMR) has been shown to be very useful in diagnosing myocarditis by visualizing markers for inflammation of the myocardium. Consensus criteria for the diagnosis of myocarditis by CMR were published in 2009.
As with most viral infections, symptomatic treatment is the only form of therapy for most forms of myocarditis. In the acute phase, supportive therapy, including bed rest, is indicated.[citation needed]
In people with symptoms, digoxin and diuretics may help. For people with moderate to severe dysfunction, cardiac function can be supported by use of inotropes such as milrinone in the acute phase, followed by oral therapy with ACE inhibitors when tolerated.
Systemic corticosteroids may have beneficial effects in people with proven myocarditis. However, data on the usefulness of corticosteroids should be interpreted with caution, since 58% of adults recover spontaneously, while most studies on children lack control groups.
A 2015 Cochrane review found no evidence of benefit of using intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG) in adults and tentative benefit in certain children. It is not recommended routinely until there is better evidence.
People who do not respond to conventional therapy may be candidates for bridge therapy with left ventricular assist devices. Heart transplantation is reserved for people who fail to improve with conventional therapy.
Studies have shown no benefit for the use of herbal medicine on all-cause mortality in viral myocarditis.
Among patients with HIV, myocarditis is the most common cardiac pathological finding at autopsy, with a prevalence of 50% or more.
Although myocarditis is clinically and pathologically clearly defined as "inflammation of the myocardium", its definition, classification, diagnosis, and treatment are subject to continued controversy, but endomyocardial biopsy has helped define the natural history of myocarditis and clarify clinicopathological correlations.
Nyssodrysternum lineolatum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Bates in 1864.
Robert John Brinker  is an American financial advisor and radio host. From 1986 to 2018, Brinker hosted the syndicated financial radio show Moneytalk. He previously had a show on local New York radio on WMCA. Prior to that Brinker hosted talk radio programs on WCAU (now WPHT) and WWDB in Philadelphia.
Born in Philadelphia, Brinker graduated from La Salle College High School. In 1964, Brinker graduated from La Salle University with a B.A. in economics. He then did master's degree studies in communications and finance at Temple University and became a news anchor with Philadelphia news radio station KYW in 1966.
During the late 1970s, Brinker hosted weekend talk shows on WCAU and WWDB in Philadelphia. Brinker also became the play-by-play radio voice for La Salle and Villanova college basketball.
In 2014, talkers.com named Brinker to its list of the 100 most important radio talk show hosts of all time. He is a member of the Screen Actors Guild American Federation of Television & Radio Artists.
After more than 32 years of hosting nationally syndicated "MoneyTalk," Bob Brinker decided to step away from radio. He continues to write and publish his Marketimer investment letter, and says he is glad to "take his weekends back." The last live broadcast of the program was on September 30, 2018.
Brinker lives in Henderson, Nevada.  He is married and has three grown children. Brinker has also lived in Cocoa Beach, Florida.
Bill Watterson wrote a total of nineteen[a] official Calvin and Hobbes books that have been published in the United States by Andrews McMeel Publishing; the first, entitled simply Calvin and Hobbes, was released in April 1987, and the most recent, Exploring Calvin and Hobbes: An Exhibition Catalogue, was released in February 2015.
A twentieth official Calvin and Hobbes book, a children's textbook by the title of Teaching with Calvin and Hobbes, was published under license in 1993 by Playground Publishing in Fargo, North Dakota.
Before the release of The Complete Calvin and Hobbes in 2005, the complete set of newspaper strips were collected in the following eight books:
Pattison attended his inauguration, but returned home ill that day. He never again returned to the executive office. Pattison directed the government from his bed until he died at his home Promont, near Milford, Ohio. His cause of death was Bright's disease.
Pattison was married twice. He married Aletheia Williams, who died leaving three children. Another daughter had died. His second wife was Anna Williams, sister of his first wife.
In 2004, Pattison Elementary School was built in Milford as John Pattison's namesake. The school educates students in kindergarten through sixth grade. Pattison Park, located on US Highway 50 west of Owensville, is also named in his honor.
California's 73rd State Assembly district is one of 80 California State Assembly districts. It is currently represented by Republican Laurie Davies of Laguna Niguel.
The district encompasses much of southern Orange County, stretching from the coast to the Santa Ana Mountains. The affluent district consists of a mix of longstanding towns on the shore and planned communities in the hills.
Due to redistricting, the 73rd district has been moved around different parts of the state. The current iteration resulted from the 2011 redistricting by the California Citizens Redistricting Commission.
He made his Russian Premier League debut for PFC Spartak Nalchik on 12 March 2011 in a game against PFC Krylia Sovetov Samara.
This biographical article related to a Russian association football midfielder born in 1985 is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The 4th Imola Grand Prix was a motor race, run to Formula One rules, held on 21 April 1963 at the Autodromo di Castellaccis. The previous three Imola Grands Prix were sports car races held in the mid-1950s, and this was the first Formula One event held at the circuit. From 1981, the circuit was the venue for the San Marino Grand Prix. 
The race was run over 50 laps of the circuit, and was won by British driver Jim Clark in a Lotus 25, lapping the entire field except for second-placed Jo Siffert. Trevor Taylor set the fastest lap after losing more than ten laps with a gear selector problem.
The album is the realization of a unique project of Nazario where she turned the Arts Center into a recording studio, inviting 300 friends to share with her that night.
The Namibian landscape consists generally of five geographical areas, each with characteristic abiotic conditions and vegetation with some variation within and overlap between them: the Central Plateau, the Namib Desert, the Great Escarpment, the Bushveld, and the Kalahari Desert.
Namibia's Coastal Desert is one of the oldest deserts in the world. Its sand dunes, created by the strong onshore winds, are the highest in the world.
Sandy beach comprises 54% and mixed sand and rock add another 28%. Only 16% of the total length is rocky shoreline. The coastal plains are dune fields, gravel plains covered with lichen and some scattered salt pans. Near the coast there are areas where the dunes are vegetated with hammocks. Namibia has rich coastal and marine resources that remain largely unexplored.
Efundja, the annual flooding of the northern parts of the country, often causes not only damage to infrastructure but loss of life. The rains that cause these floods originate in Angola, flow into Namibia's Cuvelai basin, and fill the Oshanas (Oshiwambo: flood plains) there. The worst floods so far[update] occurred in March 2011 and displaced 21,000 people.
The capital and largest city, Windhoek, is in the centre of the country. It is home to the country's Central Administrative Region, Windhoek Hosea Kutako International Airport and the country's railhead. Other important towns are:
Terrain: Mostly high plateau; Namib Desert along coast; Kalahari Desert in east. In the north near the border with Angola there is a flat area that has been designated by the World Wildlife Fund as part of the Angolan mopane woodlands ecoregion.
Natural resources: diamonds, copper, uranium, gold, silver, lead, tin, lithium, cadmium, tungsten, zinc, salt, hydropower, fish note: suspected deposits of oil, coal, and iron ore
Land use: agricultural land: 47.2% (2018) arable land: 1% (2018) permanent crops: 0% (2018) permanent pasture: 46.2% (2018) forest: 8.8% (2018) other: 44% (2018)
Environment - current issues: depletion and degradation of water and aquatic resources; desertification; land degradation; loss of biodiversity and biotic resources; wildlife poaching
Environment - international agreements: party to: Antarctic-Marine Living Resources, Biodiversity, Climate Change, Climate Change-Kyoto Protocol, Desertification, Endangered Species, Hazardous Wastes, Law of the Sea, Ozone Layer Protection, Wetlands
This is a list of the extreme points of Namibia, the points that are farther north, south, east or west than any other location.
Equipo Continental Supergiros is a Colombian UCI Continental cycling team founded in 2010. In 2020, the team upgraded from amateur status to Continental.
Juan Russo was an Argentine weightlifter. He competed in the men's middleweight event at the 1948 Summer Olympics.
This biographical article relating to weightlifting in Argentina is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The organization was incorporated as a joint venture with MDA Training (MDA), a London-based financial training company founded in 1988 by Professor Walter Reid, who was one of the founding professors of the London Business School (LBS).
In 2021, Corporate Finance Institute acquired Macabacus, a leading Microsoft Office Add-In for finance professionals, with tens of thousands of monthly and annual subscribers.
CFI also offers the Commercial Banking and Credit Analyst (CBCA) certification which is designed for the credit analysts who are working in different banks, credit rating agency or insurance. The program includes 17 optional prerequisites to review the fundamentals and 15 core courses to build a foundation in credit analysis. Students must earn a minimum passing grade of 80% in each course assessment to complete the requirements for the program and to receive a certificate of completion.
The 13.5-hectare (34-acre) complex contains twenty courts, including three large-capacity stadiums; Les Jardins de Roland Garros, a large restaurant and bar complex; Le Village, the press and VIP area; France's National Training Centre (CNE); and the Tenniseum, a bilingual, multimedia museum of the history of tennis.
The facility is named after Roland Garros, a French pioneer aviator who completed the first solo flight across the Mediterranean Sea, engineer (inventor of the first forward-firing aircraft machine gun), and World War I hero (as a pilot, he shot down four enemy aircraft, though popularly believed to be five).  Garros was killed in aerial combat in October 1918.
After the completion of the 2018 tournament, the stadium was demolished down to its foundations and rebuilt with steeper grandstands in time for the 2019 tournament. A retractable roof and floodlights were added in time for the 2020 tournament, which was delayed to September of that year due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic.
Stade Roland Garros's new 5,000-seat tertiary venue was completed in March 2019 on the grounds of the Jardin des Serres d'Auteuil.  Its namesake was the 1938 and 1939 women's singles champion who is also remembered as a leader of the French Resistance during the Second World War.  The court was constructed four meters below ground level with greenhouses on all four sides. It was built to replace Court 1, which was demolished.
Demolition of Court 1 began shortly after conclusion of the 2019 tournament and inauguration of the new tertiary venue, Court Simonne Mathieu. In its place, a greatly enlarged Place des Mousquetaires was constructed, where spectators can watch matches on a large video screen.
In December 2015, the Paris Administrative Court ordered suspension of reclamation work involving the Auteuil botanical garden greenhouses. In a statement, the FFT responded that the greenhouses would not be destroyed, and would, in fact, be embellished.  FFT also noted that opponents of the eastward expansion "[did] not have good alternatives from the operational, legal and environmental point of view", and added that expansion into the Bois de Boulogne was impossible.
Stade Roland Garros is located at the western side of Paris, at the southern boundary of the Bois de Boulogne in Paris's 16th arrondissement. The triangular property is bounded by Avenue Porte d'Auteuil and A13 autoroute on the north and Boulevard d'Auteuil on the south. The eastern boundary is Avenue Gordon Bennett and the adjacent Jardin des Serres d'Auteuil.
A special Stade Roland Garros taxi stand operates in May and June during the French Open on the southeast corner of the venue grounds, at the corner of Robert Schuman Avenue and Auteuil Boulevard.
(459883) 2014 JX55 is an asteroid from the central regions of the asteroid belt. After its first observations as 2007 EB26 in 2007, it was considered an inner heliospheric asteroid and near-Earth object with one of the closest perihelion ever observed of any body orbiting the Sun, until further observations invalidated the conclusions from early observations. The object measures approximately 2.8 kilometers (1.7 miles) in diameter. 
Yahya Al Ghassani is an Tanzanian player born in the United Arab Emirates. He played with Al Ahli and Al Wahda in juniors .He renewed his 4-year contract with Al Wahda in 2018 after allowing the born in United Arab Emirates to participate in the UAE Pro League . He was granted Emirati citizenship in 2019 and was chosen to participate with the Olympic team to participate in 2020 AFC U-23 Championship . On 4 January 2021 left Al Wahda and signed with Shabab Al-Ahli for three years.
This biographical article related to Emirati association football is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Blackbriar is a 1972 supernatural young adult coming-of-age novel by William Sleator and was Sleator's first young adult novel. The book has been translated into German as Das Geisterhaus and into Danish as Det forheksede hus.
Blackbriar follows the character of Danny as he attempts to uncover the mysteries of his new home. Formerly abandoned, the local residents refuse to speak about the old cottage of Blackbriar. As Danny dreams of witches, fire, and maniacal laughter, he begins to discover that strange dreams might be the least of his worries.
Critical reception for Blackbriar has been mixed to positive, with Kirkus Reviews calling it "perfectly eerie" and Teacher Magazine praising the writing as "skillful". In a 1972 review, Publishers Weekly wrote that "neither the characterization nor the plot is entirely convincing." The Horn Book Review also reviewed the book, stating "the story is mysterious and suspenseful, and its effectiveness lies in Sleator's characterizations and narrative skill".
See guidelines for writing about novels. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.
The civil parish includes the larger village of Galphay, and also the village of Mickley.  The population of the parish in the 2001 census was 355, reducing to 340 at the 2011 Census.
Braithwaite Hall, about a mile south west of the village, is a Grade II listed building thought to date from the 16th century.  It should not be confused with Braithwaite Hall in Coverdale, a National Trust property.
The Patriots had the near-total support of the Ethiopian Orthodox Church. The majority of participants were Christian highlanders. Ethiopian Muslims were less involved in the Italo-Ethiopian conflict and sometimes considered the Christians as much their enemies as the Italians. Relations between the two religious groups were tenuous throughout Italian occupation and in one instance Muslim Oromo attacked and killed retreating Patriots in Wollo Province.
A rebellion was initiated in September 1937 in the Lasta region and in a few days was threatening the surprised Italian administration in Begemder and Gojjam. Well-armed Patriots seized numerous outlying residences and destroyed several entire Askari detachments. A number of Italian officers were also killed. Following the insurgency the Italian press ceased to report on combat operations in Ethiopia.
Muhammad Waqas Sharif (born 3 September 1988) is a Pakistani field hockey player. He plays as Right Out.
Waqas was a member of the gold medal-winning team at the Asian Games in Guanzhou, China.[citation needed]
Waqas was a member of the gold medal-winning team at the 2012 Asian Men's Hockey Champions Trophy in Doha, Qatar. Muhammad Waqas was top scorer in the tournament with 11 goals.  He was part of Pakistan's 2012 Summer Olympic team.
This biographical article relating to a Pakistani field hockey figure is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
37452 Spirit, provisional designation 4282 P-L, is a dark Hildian asteroid from the outermost region of the asteroid belt, approximately 9 kilometers in diameter.
The asteroid was discovered on 24 September 1960, by Dutch astronomers Ingrid and Cornelis van Houten at Leiden, on photographic plates taken by Tom Gehrels at Palomar Observatory, California. It was named after NASA's Spirit Mars rover.
Spirit is a member of the Hilda family of asteroids, which stay in a 3:2 orbital resonance with the gas-giant Jupiter, meaning that for every two orbits Jupiter completes, a Hildian asteroid will complete three orbits. As their orbit does not cross the path of any of the planets, it will therefore not be pulled out of orbit by Jupiter's gravitational field and likely remain in a stable orbit for thousands of years.
The body's observation arc begins with its official discovery observation, as no precoveries were taken and no prior identifications were made.
According to the survey carried out by the NEOWISE mission of NASA's Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer, Spirit measures 8.9 kilometers in diameter and its surface has an albedo of 0.056, which is typical value for carbonaceous C-type asteroids. It has an absolute magnitude of 14.2.
This minor planet was named by the discoverers for NASA's successful Mars rover Spirit which had been exploring the rocks and minerals in the Martian Gusev crater. The official naming citation was published by the Minor Planet Center on 28 September 2004 (M.P.C. 52770). 39382 Opportunity, also an asteroid of the Hilda family and discovered on the same day, was named after Spirit's twin rover, Opportunity.
Each member of the collective group tries to create his own personality and influences that allows the development of the unique sound of the band with the use of incorporating vocals, songwriting, dance steps and moves, stage arrangements, song production.
For the efficiency of the band, they play their own different roles that brings about the unity of the song group with standard musical effects and cohesion.  
They are an innovative team at a professional level, and they have a great experience among the public.
The cooperation with Jessy Matador, at that time was adominant force in African rhythms in "Afrikan Free Style" . After they featured the vocals of Anges d'Afrik, in 2009, they released "Dorloter". Particularly in the night of the venues, followed by a large number of appearances in Paris and throughout France. 
The band won the award for "best house tribal song" for "Zekete zekete" during the Afrotainment Museke Awards, and Jeff Attiogbe (Togo) directing the music video for the same song was nominated for "best video director".
The band members have been involved in their own music projects. In 2014, Stone Warley was featured in the single "Hum Connection" credited to Lee Mashup featuring Stone Warley and Co. The single became popular in French night venues and charted on SNEP, the official French Singles Chart reaching number 59.
Taking from April until its premiere the following January, Bellini had time to ensure that the opera was as close to perfection as possible. After the premiere, Bellini reported to his friend Francesco Florimo in Naples that:
The French had all gone mad; there were such noise and such shouts that they themselves were astonished at being so carried away ... In a word, my dear Florimo, it was an unheard of thing, and since Saturday, Paris has spoken of it in amazement
Continuing to work on the yet-unnamed I puritani, Bellini moved from central Paris, and at some time in the late Spring (specific date unknown) Bellini wrote to Pepoli to remind him that he should bring his work with him the following day "so that we can finish discussing the first act, which...will be interesting, magnificent, and proper poetry for music in spite of you and all your absurd rules..." At the same time, he laid out one basic rule for the librettist to follow:
Carve into your head in adamantine letters: The opera must draw tears, terrify people, make them die through singing
When nothing came of negotiations with Naples for a new opera, Bellini composed an alternative version intended for the famous Maria Malibran, who was to sing Amina at the Teatro di San Carlo in Naples in 1835. However, she died exactly a year to the day after the composer, and so this version was not performed on stage until 10 April 1986 at the Teatro Petruzzelli in Bari, with Katia Ricciarelli in the title role.
Given Bellini's own expressions of frustration at working with a new librettist for the first time, one musicologist, Mary Ann Smart, provides a different point of view in regard to Pepoli's approach to writing a libretto. Firstly, she addresses the issue of Pepoli's inexperience:
Quoting Pepoli, Smart continues: "for this song [the "Marseillaise"] the people fight, win, triumph: Europe and the world shouted Liberty!". Smart then examines the relationship between Pepoli's 1830 views and how they appear to be manifested in what he wrote for I puritani:
Nevertheless, the Suoni la tromba which Bellini described as his "Hymn to Liberty" and which had initially been placed in the opera's first act was enthusiastically received by the composer: "My dear Pepoli, I hasten to express my great satisfaction with the duet I received by post this morning ... the whole is magnificent..."
By September Bellini was writing to Florimo of being able to "polish and re-polish" in the three remaining months before rehearsals and he expresses happiness with Pepoli's verses ("a very beautiful trio for the two basses and La Grisi") and by around mid-December he had submitted the score for Rossini's approval.
Throughout his stay in Paris, Bellini had cultivated the older composer and had maintained a friendship with him: "I have always adored Rossini, and I succeeded, and happily ... [having] tamed Rossini's [perceived] hatred, I no longer was frightened and finished that work of mine which won me so much honour". Later, the successful dress rehearsal, he wrote: "... my very dear Rossini ... now loves me as a son".
With rehearsals planned for late December/early January, the dress rehearsal took place on 20 January 1835. It was attended by "all of high society, all the great artists, and everyone most distinguished in Paris were in the theatre, enthusiastic." Bellini's ecstatic letter to Florimo which followed the dress rehearsal recounts the enthusiastic reception of many of the numbers throughout the performance, most especially the second act bass duet, so that, by its end:
The French had all gone mad; there were such noise and such shouts that they themselves were astonished at being so carried away ... In a word, my dear Florimo, it was an unheard of thing, and since Saturday, Paris has spoken of it in amazement ... I showed myself to the audience, which shouted as if insane ... How satisfied I am! [He concludes by noting the success of the singers]: "Lablache sang like a god, Grisi like a little angel, Rubini and Tamburini the same."
It was upon Rossini's advice and after the dress rehearsal that the opera was changed from two acts to three, the second act ending after the Suoni la tromba duet for the two basses.
Arturo and his squires come into the hall and are joined by Elvira, Valton, Giorgio and the ladies and gentlemen of the castle. After a general welcome from all assembled, Arturo expresses his new-found happiness. (Aria, Arturo; then Giorgio and Walton; then all assembled: A te, o cara / amore talora / "In you beloved, love led me in secrecy and tears, now it guides me to your side".)
When the wedding party enters, they ask for Arturo, then learn, largely from Riccardo, that he has fled with Enrichetta. Pursuit is organised. Becoming increasingly distraught, Elvira believes that she sees Arturo: (Aria; then ensemble: Oh, vieni al tempio, fedele Arturo / "Ah! come, ah! come! Oh! come to the church, faithful Arturo".) It is increasingly clear that she has gone mad.
At the sound of drums being heard, Elvira appears to be returning to a state of madness, fearing that they will again be parted. Then soldiers' voices are heard close by and Riccardo, Giorgio, and the ladies and gentlemen of the fortress enter announcing Arturo's death sentence. With that, she finally comes to her senses.
The soldiers continue to demand Arturo's execution, but the sounds of a herald arriving are heard. He brings letters which are opened by Riccardo and Giorgio. They announce that although the Royalists have been defeated, Oliver Cromwell has pardoned all prisoners. The ensemble expresses its general and its personal joy.
In act 3, an ensemble (Credeasi, misera) develops, during which Bellini writes an in alt F-natural above C5 for Arturo. Most tenors would typically sing a D-flat instead of an F. In the seldom performed Malibran version, it is Elvira (i.e., the soprano) who sings, in a higher octave, the principal part of Credeasi, misera.
I puritani, to which she referred as "dear Puritani", was Queen Victoria's favourite opera and the first which she attended in the company of Prince Albert before their marriage. The 2009 film The Young Victoria includes an episode in which Albert and Victoria discuss the opera, as well as a scene showing Victoria attending a performance.
In the film Fitzcarraldo, the cast of I puritani are being transported on Fitzcarraldo's boat. They perform parts of the opera in full costume and sing "A te, o cara" (from act 1, scene 3) as Fitzcarraldo makes his triumphal return to Iquitos.
 The Rockhampton colonial by-election, 1870 was a by-election held on 20 June 1870 in the electoral district of Rockhampton for the Queensland Legislative Assembly.
On 7 June 1870, Henry Milford, member for Rockhampton since the by-election in December 1870, resigned, having never taken his seat in Parliament. Milford contested the resulting by-election on 20 June 1870, but was defeated by Alexander Fyfe. 
Best Bits is a compilation album released by Roger Daltrey released in March 1982 in United States and under the title The Best of Roger Daltrey in Europe in 1981.  It was released on MCA 5301, Canada, and the album reached #185 in the U.S. charts.  The tracks "Martyrs and Madmen" and "Treachery" were previously unreleased.  The compilation and additional remixing were done by Jon Astley and Phil Chapman.
Microcotylinae is a subfamily within  family Microcotylidae and class Monogenea. This subfamily was created by Taschenberg in 1879.
The St. Mary Help of Christians Church or simply Sanaa Catholic church is a religious building that is located in the city of Sanaa, the capital of the Asian country of Yemen.
This is one of the 4 subsiten Catholic churches in that nation, the others being dedicated to St. Francis of Assisi (Aden), Sacred Heart of Jesus (Hodeidah) and St. Therese of the Child Jesus (Taiz).
In 2011, as part of construction for the METRO Green Line light rail, reconfiguration of the bridge began. The original two eastbound and westbound traffic lanes were permanently reduced to one lane eastbound and one lane westbound, using the outside lanes. The two inside (center) lanes are now dedicated to light rail. The light rail line opened on June 14, 2014.
A darker facet of the bridge's history is its association with suicide. Poet and university professor John Berryman is the most famous person to have killed himself at the site, when he jumped from the bridge in 1972. About a half-dozen others have also died by landing in the river or on the flats area.
In August 2008, concerns about the strength of the upper level led Hennepin County to restrict the pedestrian and bicycle traffic to a 14-foot-wide section in the center. Engineers had decided that in preparation for repairs, the weight needed to be moved to the center, where there was support from the columns below. Usage of the upper deck continued to be restricted for about a year until repairs were complete.
On 16 May 2011, Washington Avenue just east of the bridge was permanently closed to personal motor vehicle traffic. The roadway was converted into an exclusive use transit mall between Pleasant and Walnut Streets, so all eastbound lower-level traffic other than buses and emergency vehicles must exit to East River Parkway/Delaware Street and the only westbound access to the bridge for most cars will be from Pleasant Street Southeast.
The Ours river flows through the commune from the south passing west of the village and continuing north to join the Burge which forms part of the northern border. There are small lakes in the north of the commune that link to the Burge. The Burge continues north to join the Allier south of Le Port Barreau.
The Church of Notre-Dame (12th century) is registered as an historical monument. It contains a Bronze Bell (1578) that is registered as an historical object.
Corus Entertainment Inc. (stylized as corus., and also COrUs in their previous logo) is a Canadian multinational mass media and entertainment conglomerate company headquartered at the Corus Quay in Toronto, Ontario. Formed in 1999 as a spin-off from Shaw Communications, it has prominent holdings in the radio, publishing, and television industries.
In May 2002, Corus announced that it had acquired a 50% stake in Locomotion, a Latin American and Spanish channel focusing primarily of animated series targeting teens and young adults. Hearst Corporation owned the other half.
In July 2007, Corus acquired CKBT-FM and CJZZ-FM from Canwest. In June 2008, CHRC was sold to the ownership group of the Quebec Remparts hockey team.
Also in August 2007, Corus announced a partnership with Hearst Corporation to launch Cosmopolitan TV. In March 2008, CTVglobemedia sold Canadian Learning Television to Corus for $73 million
Corus launched a Canadian version of Nickelodeon on November 2, 2009, replacing Discovery Kids. In 2010, Corus's sister company Shaw Communications re-entered the broadcasting industry through its acquisition of the media assets of the bankrupt Canwest, which re-formed the Shaw Media division.
On November 9, 2010, Hasbro Studios signed an agreement with Corus to broadcast their productions on its networks.
In March 2012, Corus and Shaw launched ABC Spark, a localized version of U.S. cable network ABC Family, with Shaw owning 49%. In July 2012, the Teletoon Canada venture (50% with Astral Media) similarly launched a Canadian version of Cartoon Network and Adult Swim.
On March 4, 2019, it was announced that a full-time Canadian version of Adult Swim would be launched. The block was shut down on that same day, and relaunched as 24-hour channel on April 1, 2019, replacing Action under its license.
In May 2019, Shaw announced it would sell its shares in Corus in a secondary offering, at a valuation of $548 million. The sale was expected to be completed by the end of the month.
In June 2019, Corus was announced as a launch partner for Amazon Prime Video Channels in Canada, offering a subscription-based bundle known as StackTV with access to live and on-demand programs from Global and eleven Corus specialty services. Corus would also launch a separate Nickelodeon SVOD channel.
In July 2019, service providers began notifying their customers that IFC Canada and CosmoTV would be shut down on September 30, 2019. In October 2019, FYI announced that it would shutter on December 31, 2019.
In March 2020, Corus replaced the individual mobile apps for most of its specialty channels with a new unified app under the Global brand, featuring content from Global, Global News, Food Network, HGTV, History, Showcase, Slice, and W Network on-launch. The app encompasses the TV Everywhere streaming of programming from the networks for their subscribers, as well as free ad-supported streaming of selected programs from the networks without a television subscription.
In June and July, Corus reached two content agreements with subsidiaries of Comcast, including Canadian rights to original series produced for its U.S. streaming service Peacock (NBCUniversal) on June 23, 2020, and Canadian rights to original productions from British subsidiary Sky Studios (via NBCUniversal Global Distribution).
Corus is an industry sponsor of the University of Waterloo Stratford Campus; Gary Maavara, Corus' Corporate Secretary, sits on the Waterloo campus' advisory board. The company also funds a couple of endowed chair positions, including chair in Women in Management at the Ivey Business School (London, Ontario, Canada) beginning in 2003, and a chair in Communications Strategy at the Rotman School of Management (Toronto) beginning in 2002.
As Corus Entertainment and Shaw Communications are both effectively controlled by JR Shaw, the CRTC considers them to be one entity regarding the "Diversity of Voices" policy and a vertical integration rule which requires television providers to carry three channels owned by unaffiliated parties for each co-owned channel they offer: due to the effective control, Corus networks that are carried by Shaw television services are subject to this rule.
Many of the assets listed above are only partially owned by Shaw. Refer to full asset list for detailed information.
Effective January 1, 1984, the Bell System's many member companies were variously merged into seven independent "Regional Holding Companies", also known as Regional Bell Operating Companies (RBOCs), or "Baby Bells". This divestiture reduced the book value of AT&T by approximately 70%.
The breakup of the Bell System resulted in the creation of seven independent companies that were formed from the original twenty-two AT&T-controlled members of the System.
On January 1, 1984, these companies were NYNEX, Pacific Telesis, Ameritech, Bell Atlantic, Southwestern Bell Corporation, BellSouth, and US West.
US West was acquired by Qwest in June 2000 for $43.5 billion. On April 6, 2011, Qwest was acquired by CenturyLink, an independent telephone provider, bringing Qwest Corporation, originally Mountain Bell, Northwestern Bell and Pacific Northwest Bell under its control.
The coat of arms was granted on 22 August 1986.  The arms show a black buoy on a gold background.  The buoy is an appropriate symbol for a municipality since it is dependent on fishing and sailing.
Eulamprotes helotella is a moth of the family Gelechiidae. It is found in Spain, Portugal, France, Italy, Greece, Corsica, Sardinia, and Crete. It is also found in North Africa.
This article on a moth of the subfamily Anomologinae is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Louis Holmes (born February 24, 1985) is an American football defensive end who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the San Francisco 49ers as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Arizona.
He Spent final prep season at Dillard High School (Fort Lauderdale, FL)  after attending his first three years of high school in his hometown of Memphis.
Delaney found "little corners in the world of the Great Depression that would or could be receptive to his work." He earned a studio space and place to live through his work at the Whitney as a guard, telephone operator and gallery attendant.
Commendably, Delaney established himself as a well known part of the bohemianism of the art scene of the period. His friends included the "poet laureate" of the period, Countee Cullen, artist Georgia O'Keeffe, and writer Henry Miller, among many others. He became the "spiritual father" of the young writer James Baldwin.
Despite the friendships and successes of this period, he remained a rather isolated individual. David Leeming, in his 1998 biography Amazing Grace: a life of Beauford Delaney, presents Delaney as having led a very "compartmentalized" life in New York.
In Greenwich Village, where his studio was, Delaney became part of a gay bohemian circle of mainly white friends; but he was furtive and rarely comfortable with his sexuality.
When he traveled to Harlem to visit his African-American friends and colleagues, Delaney made efforts to ensure that they knew little of his other social life in Greenwich Village. He feared that many of his Harlem friends would be uncomfortable or repelled by his homosexuality.
The Smithsonian American Art Museum notes that "neither early success nor gracious spirit spared Delaney from the obscurity and poverty" that plagued most of his adult life. Brooks Atkinson wrote in his 1951 book Once Around the Sun: "No one knows exactly how Beauford lives. Pegging away at a style of painting that few people understand or appreciate, he has disciplined himself, not only physically but spiritually, to live with a kind of personal magnetism in a barren world."
Delaney's paintings seem to say, "I may be suffering, but what an experience this is." Delaney's work "is never depressing, though Beauford was often depressed; he could say yes to life in spite of the fact that life was kicking him in the butt."
His years in Paris led to a dramatic stylistic shift from the "figurative compositions of New York life to abstract expressionist studies of color and light."
"Delaney's relationship with abstraction predated the notorious Abstract Expressionist movement, positioning him as a forerunner of one of the most important ideological and stylistic developments in twentieth-century American art. Although he chose not to identify himself with the movement, as the Abstract Expressionists began to gain notoriety in the late 1940s, Delaney's abstract work increasingly gained attention."
Though abstract expressionist work predominated during this period, Delaney still produced figurative compositions. His portrait of James Baldwin (1963, pastel on paper) is described by the US National Portrait Gallery as "heated and confrontational, its harsh colors roughly applied" and glowing with "the vibrant, Van Gogh-inspired yellow the artist often used after he moved to Paris." The portrait "is both a likeness based on memory and a study in light."
Delaney's drive to continuously paint resulted in him using his raincoat when he was out of canvas, "Untitled, 1954" is an oil on raincoat fragment.
By 1961, heavy drinking had begun to impair Delaney's often fragile mental and physical health. Periods of lucidity were interrupted by days and sometimes weeks of madness. This pattern continued for the remainder of his life.
In his Introduction to the Exhibition of Beauford Delaney opening December 4, 1964 at the Gallery Lambert, James Baldwin wrote, "the darkness of Beauford's beginnings, in Tennessee, many years ago, was a black-blue midnight indeed, opaque and full of sorrow. And I do not know, nor will any of us ever really know, what kind of strength it was that enabled him to make so dogged and splendid a journey."
Following his death, he was praised as a great and neglected painter but, with a few notable exceptions, the neglect continued.
Delaney's work has now been exhibited by, among others, the Philadelphia Museum of Art, Harvard University Art Museums, Art Institute of Chicago, Knoxville Museum of Art, The Minneapolis Institute of Arts, The Newark Museum, The Studio Museum in Harlem, and the Smithsonian American Art Museum. His work has also been exhibited by a number of galleries, including the Anita Shapolsky Gallery and the Michael Rosenfeld Gallery in New York City.
The Showtime series, Flatbush Misdemeanors, pays tribute to Delaney with one of the protagonists teaching at Beauford Delaney High School, a fictional public school set in Flatbush, Brooklyn.
In 2009, freelance writer Monique Y. Wells was researching an article on African-American gravesites in Paris when she learned that Delaney was buried in an unmarked grave at the Parisian Cemetery of Thiais. She discovered that Delaney's remains would be exhumed before the end of the year if the "concession" (the equivalent of a lease) on his grave was not renewed. Friends of Delaney gathered the sum required, and Wells paid the fee to the cemetery to preserve Delaney's resting place.
The same friends expressed a desire to place a marker at Delaney's gravesite, and Wells was inspired to found a French non-profit association to facilitate fundraising for a tombstone. Called Les Amis de Beauford Delaney, the association was created in November 2009.  Fundraising began in February 2010, and the association collected sufficient funds to proceed with ordering and installing the stone by June 2010.  The installation was completed by August 2010.
Howell Cheney Technical High School (previously Manchester Trade School), or Cheney Tech, is a technical high school in Manchester, Connecticut. It was established in 1915 by Howell Cheney as a textile school, in order to provide training for those wishing to work at the local silk mills. It receives students from many nearby towns. Cheney Tech is part of the Connecticut Technical High School System.
Howell Cheney established a textile school on Hartford Road in 1912 in order to train prospective employees of the local Cheney Silk Mills.
In 1915, the school moved into the nearby Franklin Building. With the extra room gained, several subjects were added to the curriculum, including carpentry and mechanical drafting. The State Department of Education also encompassed the school in this year, causing it to be renamed the Manchester Trade School.
The school changed its name again in 1943 to Howell Cheney Regional Vocational-Technical School, in honor of the founder. In 1946 it introduced a new education system, as well as merging with Manchester High School. The merger was designed to incorporate the entire curriculum between the two schools, allowing their students a wider education. The program lasted only eight years, as Cheney Tech later offered the entire curriculum of both schools.
After World War II, student enrollment increased, bringing the construction of a new school. The West Middle Turnpike campus was opened in 1962, offering a new program of trades such as automotive technology, tool and die making, and industrial electronics. In 1982 the second floor, now known as the academic wing, was added for more classroom space, and an extra wing was added to the shops.
New trades added to curriculum after that were H-VAC, welding, and diesel mechanics. At the beginning of the 1990s, microcomputer software technology and culinary arts were added to the trade program, while 2006 brought the end to the electronics program.
In February 2005, a $45 million expansion/renovation project was begun, to include a new three-story shop wing including a larger expanded art room and three learning labs; the new culinary arts kitchen, bakery, and public restaurant; and new academic classrooms, gym, locker rooms, fitness center administration/guidance/support services, and athletic fields. The new facilities opened in time for the start of the 2007-2008 school year.
The computer-aided drafting and design program will soon be making a cooperative program with Hamilton Sundstrand, a division of the United Technologies Corporation. The program includes potential CWE options for students in drafting technology.
In addition to a complete academic program leading to a high school diploma, students attending Cheney Tech receive training in one of the following trades and technologies:
Born in Boston, he was a direct descendant of Paul Revere. Little studied with Marcel Breuer and Walter Gropius. He graduated from Harvard in 1937 and received continued there completing his masters 1939.
Yergyunyag is located 10 km northwest of Khuchni (the district's administrative centre) by road. Yurgulig is the nearest rural locality.
In 1972, Hall ran for Congress, but lost. In 1974, Hall ran again for Congress, this time to succeed longtime congressman Leslie C. Arends, the House Republican Whip since 1943, in Illinois's 15th congressional district which included DeKalb, LaSalle, Kendall, Grundy, Livingston, Ford, Woodford, Marshall, Putnam counties and the southern portion of Kane County. Hall defeated Republican National Committeeman and former Congressman Cliffard D. Carlson of Aurora, Illinois.
Hall served in the 94th Congress. While in Congress, he served on the Committee on Education and Labor and the Science and Technology Committee. He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection to the 95th Congress in 1976 when he was defeated by Republican Tom Corcoran.
He was also an unsuccessful candidate for election in 1978 to the 96th Congress and in 1982 to the 98th Congress. In 1980, he ran for one of three seats in the Illinois House of Representatives from the 38th district. He finished fourth of four candidates losing to Republicans Thomas W. Ewing and Betty J. Hoxsey and Democrat Peg McDonnell Breslin.
He served as Administrative assistant to Illinois Secretary of State from 1977 to 1983. He ran for the Democratic nomination for the 1991 special election for Illinois's 15th congressional district, but lost to former State Representative Gerald A. Bradley.
He taught school in Illinois public school system and also served as a principal and superintendent at Goodfarm School until his retirement in the early 1990s. In 2008, Hall slipped outside of his son's house in Bolingbrook, Illinois and died later at La Grange Memorial Hospital in La Grange, Illinois.
He was born at Bathgate Castle, West Lothian, Scotland, the eldest son and heir of James Stewart, 5th High Steward of Scotland (c.1260-1309) by his third wife Giles (Latinised to Egidia) de Burgh, a daughter of the Irish nobleman Walter de Burgh, 1st Earl of Ulster.
Following the liberation of King Robert the Bruce's wife, Elizabeth de Burgh, and daughter Marjorie, from their long captivity in England, Walter the High Steward was sent to receive them at the Anglo-Scottish Border and conduct them back to the Scottish royal court. He later married Marjorie, receiving the Barony of Bathgate in Linlithgowshire as part of his wife's dowry.
In about 1320/26 Walter, Steward of Scotland, granted by charter to John St. Clair, his valet, the lands of Maxton, Roxburghshire,  one of the witnesses being Roberto de Lauwedir tunc justiciario Laudonie ("Robert de Lauder, then Justiciar of Lothian").
He died on 9 April 1327 at Bathgate Castle and was buried in the Abbey Church of Paisley, alongside his first wife, Marjorie Bruce, and his five High Steward ancestors. A memorial on the wall of the Abbey is inscribed as follows:
In everlasting memory of the High Stewards of Scotland. Here rest their bodies where stood the high altar of this Abbey Church of Paisley.
The Warren J. Harang Jr. Municipal Auditorium is a 3,500-seat multi-purpose arena in Thibodaux, Louisiana. It was built in 1970 and is named in honor of Warren J. Harang Jr., the long-time mayor of Thibodaux. The facility includes a main arena and a meeting room.
The arena is used to host basketball and volleyball games, professional wrestling and roller derby. The Cajun Rollergirls of the WFTDA use the arena for their home competitions.
Chukotkan (Chukotian, Chukotic) is a dialect cluster that forms one branch of the Chukotko-Kamchatkan language family. It is spoken in two autonomous regions at the extreme northeast of Russia, bounded on the east by the Pacific and on the north by the Arctic.
The term Luorawetlan (Luoravetlan), used for Chukchi in the 1930s, is actually the ethnonym of both the Chukchi and Koryak.
Traditionally, Chukotkan was considered two languages, Chukchi and Koryak, due to a sharp ethnic division between the Chukchi and Koryak people. However, the Kerek and Alyutor dialects, spoken by ethnic Chukchi and Koryak, are as different from those varieties as they are from each other. Thus Chukotkan is currently generally classified as four languages, but it could as easily be considered one language with significant dialectical variation.
The Ford School offers wide-ranged research in public policy and is known for its strong quantitative orientation. The school runs dual degree programs with the University of Michigan Law School, Ross School of Business, Taubman College of Architecture and Urban Planning, School of Information, School of Social Work, School of Environment and Sustainability, and University of Michigan School of Public Health, as well as the Departments of Economics, Sociology, and Political Science. 
In 1936, the program became the Institute of Public and Social Administration. In 1946, it became the Institute of Public Administration.
The University of Michigan established the institute as the School of Public Policy in 1995, with Lorch Hall as the host building. In 1999, the school was named in honor of Gerald R. Ford, the 38th President of the United States and a 1935 graduate of the University of Michigan.
A key component of the MPP course of study is hands-on experience, which takes the form of a required ten-week internship, typically completed in the summer between the program's two years.
Students also have opportunities for specialized study and travel during the academic year. Currently, there are four courses which allow students to gain practical experience with policymaking and/or international exposure:
In September 2007, the school began its first undergraduate program with 50 third-year students beginning the two-year program of study.
The doctoral program  is conducted jointly with the economics, sociology, or political science department.
Of the doctoral program, the MPP program, and the undergraduate program in public policy, the MPP program is the largest. The Ford School has developed dual degrees with many professional programs, which enables students to complete work on two degrees simultaneously. The most common dual degree programs include coursework in business, education, information, law, environment and sustainability, public health, Russian and Eastern European studies, social work, or urban and regional planning.
The school is a full member of the Association of Professional Schools of International Affairs (APSIA), a group of public administration, public policy, and international studies schools.
The Ford School is home to or co-sponsor of a number of multi-disciplinary research centers that focus on policy concerns including:
Several members of the school's faculty have joint appointments in other departments, and there are visiting professors from around the U.S. and other countries. The Ford School also hosts a Diplomat in Residence to provide students with firsthand access to information about the U.S. State Department.
The larger part of the plant specimens collected during the Ross expedition are now part of the Kew Herbarium.
Although Hooker professed not to have changed his views on Darwin's theory of evolution by natural selection, the book contains an introductory essay on biogeography written from a Darwinian point of view, making the book the first case study for the theory.
The British government fitted out an expedition led by James Clark Ross to investigate magnetism and marine geography in high southern latitudes, which sailed with two ships, HMS Terror and HMS Erebus on 29 September 1839 from Chatham.
The 930-page Flora Tasmaniae was published between 1855 and 1860. Hooker dedicated it to the local naturalists Ronald Campbell Gunn and William Archer, noting that "This Flora of Tasmania .. owes so much to their indefatigable exertions". Although the book is sometimes stated to have been published in 1859, the dedication is dated January 1860. It made use of plants collected by the local naturalist Robert Lawrence as well as Gunn and Archer.
The book begins with an "Introductory Essay" on biogeography. It is followed by a "Key to the Natural Orders of Tasmanian Flowering Plants" and a more detailed key to the genera. The Flora proper begins with the first order, the Ranunculaceae.
The Kreutzer Sonata (German: Die Kreutzersonate) is a 1937 German drama film directed by Veit Harlan and starring Lil Dagover, Peter Petersen and Albrecht Schoenhals. It was based on the 1889 novella of the same name by Leo Tolstoy.
This article related to a German film of the 1930s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This biographical article relating to a South Korean cycling figure is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Hodson Trust Scholarship is a four-year merit-based scholarship offered to roughly 20 incoming freshmen at Johns Hopkins University each year from a pool of over 30,000 applicants. 
The scholarship is funded by the Hodson Trust, which also heavily donates to Johns Hopkins University and funds scholarships for other Maryland schools. The Hodson Trust has given the university nearly $90 million since 1958.
Describing the value of the Trust, Bill Conley, the Dean of Enrollment and Services for Johns Hopkins University, has said:
This article relating to education in the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Eternity is the third full-length album by the German power metal band Freedom Call. It was released on June 3, 2002, by Steamhammer.
Karen E. Taylor was born and raised in the Pittsburgh suburbs. A graduate of Churchill area High School and later of Grove City College, her first love was the theater, but now she admits that writing is better; "You get to write all the lines and play all the parts." She currently resides outside of Los Angeles with her husband and pets. 
James Patrick McNamara (born June 10, 1965) is a former professional baseball player. He played parts of two seasons in Major League Baseball as a catcher for the San Francisco Giants in 1992-93.
For the 1990 season, McNamara played for San Jose, Phoenix and the Shreveport Captains. Combined, he played in 87 games, collecting 60 hits in 257 at-bats for a .233 batting average. In 1991, McNamara played for Shreveport and Phoenix, hitting a combined .241 in 58 games.
Although he never managed to hit above .250 in a minor league season, he still managed to make it to the major leagues. He made his big league debut on April 9, 1992. He had only one at-bat in that game, grounding out against Ben Rivera. He hit .216 with one home run and nine RBI in his first big league season. In 74 at-bats, he struck out 25 times while walking only six times. He also spent some time with Phoenix in 1992, hitting .209 in 67 at-bats.
He was granted free agency in October 1992 and signed by the Florida Marlins. However, the Giants drafted him in the Rule 5 draft in December of that year.
McNamara spent most of his 1993 season with Phoenix, where he hit .196 in 158 at-bats. He appeared in four major league games that year, collecting one hit in seven at-bats for a .143 batting average. He played his final big league game against the Los Angeles Dodgers on July 28, 1993. He was granted free agency by the Giants in October 1993. He was signed as a free agent by the Texas Rangers in November of that year.
For the Oklahoma City 89ers in 1994, McNamara hit .239 in 138 at-bats. He wound up in the New York Yankees organization, playing in 27 games for the Columbus Clippers, hitting .130. 1994 was his final professional season.
Overall, McNamara hit .210 with one home run and 10 RBI in 81 major league at-bats. In 1998 minor league at bats, he hit .223.
Jim has a son James and a daughter Elisabeth.[citation needed] He is married to Christina Wofford McNamara. Jim is the youngest out of 9
Alfred Booth and Company was a British trading and shipping company that was founded in 1866 and traded for more than a century. It was founded in Liverpool, England, by two brothers, Alfred and Charles Booth. It grew into a significant merchant shipping company with its head office in Liverpool and interests in the United States and South America. The group was broken up in 1964 and the last Booth company from the group was sold in 1986.
In 1863 the Booth brothers founded a partnership, Alfred Booth and Company, to export English light leather to the USA, which was in the midst of its civil war. The company had headquarters in Liverpool and a US office in New York City.
After John Boyd Dunlop patented the pneumatic tyre in 1888, the trade in natural rubber from Brazil increased, and by 1900 Booth's had 14 ships. Booths had competitors on the Brazilian route including the Red Cross Iquitos Steamship Co, which operated up the Amazon to Iquitos in Peru, and the Maranham Steamship Co. In 1901 Red Cross's founder, Robert Singlehurst, retired and his company merged with Booths to form the Booth Steamship Co (1901) Ltd.
Booths' fleet developed to include substantial passenger liners. In 1903 the company started carrying tourists to and from Lisbon and Madeira.
Alfred Booth & Co diversified into civil engineering, and in 1919 it bought the Unit Construction Company from Crittall.[citation needed] Booths lost one ship in peacetime between the two World Wars, when the Gregory ran aground and was wrecked. The company introduced passenger cruises, advertising "1,000 miles up the Amazon"
Despite losing nine ships in the First World War, Booth did not buy any ships for the first nine years after the 1918 Armistice. In 1927 Booth bought a second-hand German ship that it renamed Dominic. Between 1928 and 1935 it renewed part of its fleet with seven new ships and one second-hand one, Dunstan.