This biographical article related to French artistic gymnastics is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
InsideAR was the largest Augmented Reality event in Europe. It was organized and supported by metaio GmbH every year. The first event was held in 2010, had since expanded globally and was run at multiple locations around the world.  However, after Apple purchased metaio in May 2015, metaio cancelled the InsideAR conference 2015 without any statements about the conference's future. 
The Fearing Mind is an American horror television series that aired on the Fox Family Channel from October 21 until December 2, 2000. 
Bill Fearing, a famous writer of suspense thrillers, gets his ideas from things that happen in his family. When he gets an idea, the viewers enter his mind and see the gruesome events unfold. 
It had a bronze barrel and lacked a modern recoil system, using only an ineffective spring-mounted spade brake, and was virtually obsolescent on its introduction. Nonetheless, it was the standard field howitzer for the Austrian Army at the outbreak of the war. 
Lithuanian Paralympic Committee (Lithuanian: Lietuvos parolimpinis komitetas) was founded on 1990 and recognized by the International Paralympic Committee after one year. 
A GUI may be designed for the requirements of a vertical market as application-specific graphical user interfaces. Examples include automated teller machines (ATM), point of sale (POS) touchscreens at restaurants, self-service checkouts used in a retail store, airline self-ticket and check-in, information kiosks in a public space, like a train station or a museum, and monitors or control screens in an embedded industrial application which employ a real-time operating system (RTOS). 
Cell phones and handheld game systems also employ application specific touchscreen GUIs. Newer automobiles use GUIs in their navigation systems and multimedia centers, or navigation multimedia center combinations. 
A GUI uses a combination of technologies and devices to provide a platform that users can interact with, for the tasks of gathering and producing information. 
A series of elements conforming a visual language have evolved to represent information stored in computers. This makes it easier for people with few computer skills to work with and use computer software. The most common combination of such elements in GUIs is the windows, icons, menus, pointer (WIMP) paradigm, especially in personal computers. 
In personal computers, all these elements are modeled through a desktop metaphor to produce a simulation called a desktop environment in which the display represents a desktop, on which documents and folders of documents can be placed. Window managers and other software combine to simulate the desktop environment with varying degrees of realism. 
Entries may appear in a list to make space for text and details, or in a grid for compactness and larger icons with little space underneath for text. Variations inbetween exist, such as a list with multiple columns of items and a grid of items with rows of text extending sideways from the icon. 
Multi-row and multi-column layouts commonly found on the web are "shelf" and "waterfall". The former is found on image search engines, where images appear with a fixed height but variable length, and is typically implemented with the CSS property and parameter display: inline-block;. A waterfall layout found on Imgur and Tweetdeck with fixed width but variable height per item is usually implemented by specifying column-width:. 
Smaller app mobile devices such as personal digital assistants (PDAs) and smartphones typically use the WIMP elements with different unifying metaphors, due to constraints in space and available input devices. Applications for which WIMP is not well suited may use newer interaction techniques, collectively termed post-WIMP user interfaces. 
As of 2011, some touchscreen-based operating systems such as Apple's iOS (iPhone) and Android use the class of GUIs named post-WIMP. These support styles of interaction using more than one finger in contact with a display, which allows actions such as pinching and rotating, which are unsupported by one pointer and mouse. 
Human interface devices, for the efficient interaction with a GUI include a computer keyboard, especially used together with keyboard shortcuts, pointing devices for the cursor (or rather pointer) control: mouse, pointing stick, touchpad, trackball, joystick, virtual keyboards, and head-up displays (translucent information devices at the eye level). 
There are also actions performed by programs that affect the GUI. For example, there are components like inotify or D-Bus to facilitate communication between computer programs. 
GUIs were a hot topic in the early 1980s. The Apple Lisa was released in 1983, and various windowing systems existed for DOS operating systems (including PC GEM and PC/GEOS). Individual applications for many platforms presented their own GUI variants. Despite the GUIs advantages, many reviewers questioned the value of the entire concept, citing hardware limits, and problems in finding compatible software. 
In 1984, Apple released a television commercial which introduced the Apple Macintosh during the telecast of Super Bowl XVIII by CBS, with allusions to George Orwell's noted novel Nineteen Eighty-Four. The goal of the commercial was to make people think about computers, identifying the user-friendly interface as a personal computer which departed from prior business-oriented systems, and becoming a signature representation of Apple products. 
Windows 95, accompanied by an extensive marketing campaign, was a major success in the marketplace at launch and shortly became the most popular desktop operating system. 
In 2007, with the iPhone and later in 2010 with the introduction of the iPad,  Apple popularized the post-WIMP style of interaction for multi-touch screens, and those devices were considered to be milestones in the development of mobile devices. 
The GUIs familiar to most people as of the mid-late 2010s are Microsoft Windows, macOS, and the X Window System interfaces for desktop and laptop computers, and Android, Apple's iOS, Symbian, BlackBerry OS, Windows Phone/Windows 10 Mobile, Tizen, WebOS, and Firefox OS for handheld (smartphone) devices.[citation needed] 
GUIs can be made quite hard when dialogs are buried deep in a system or moved about to different places during redesigns. Also, icons and dialog boxes are usually harder for users to script. 
WIMPs extensively use modes, as the meaning of all keys and clicks on specific positions on the screen are redefined all the time. Command-line interfaces use modes only in limited forms, such as for current directory and environment variables. 
Most modern operating systems provide both a GUI and some level of a CLI, although the GUIs usually receive more attention. The GUI is usually WIMP-based, although occasionally other metaphors surface, such as those used in Microsoft Bob, 3dwm, or File System Visualizer. 
Several attempts have been made to create a multi-user three-dimensional environment or 3D GUI, including Sun's Project Looking Glass, Metisse, which was similar to Project Looking Glass, BumpTop, where users can manipulate documents and windows with realistic movement and physics as if they were physical documents, and the Croquet Project, which moved to the Open Cobalt and Open Croquet efforts. 
The zooming user interface (ZUI) is a related technology that promises to deliver the representation benefits of 3D environments without their usability drawbacks of orientation problems and hidden objects. It is a logical advance on the GUI, blending some three-dimensional movement with two-dimensional or 2.5D vector objects. In 2006, Hillcrest Labs introduced the first zooming user interface for television. 
Some environments use the methods of 3D graphics to project virtual three-dimensional user interface objects onto the screen. These are often shown in use in science fiction films (see below for examples). As the processing power of computer graphics hardware increases, this becomes less of an obstacle to a smooth user experience. 
Three-dimensional graphics are currently mostly used in computer games, art, and computer-aided design (CAD). A three-dimensional computing environment can also be useful in other uses, like molecular graphics, aircraft design and Phase Equilibrium Calculations/Design of unit operations and chemical processes. 
Interfaces for the X Window System have also implemented advanced three-dimensional user interfaces through compositing window managers such as Beryl, Compiz and KWin using the AIGLX or XGL architectures, allowing the use of OpenGL to animate user interactions with the desktop. 
Giuliani received her first call-up for the senior team as Italy faced Austria in a friendly held on 7 April 2013. She was left out of the squad which took part in the UEFA Women's Euro 2013. She made her debut on 5 April 2014 against Spain in a 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup qualification match. 
Fishing industry in North Korea provides an important supplement to the diet and for export. The catch in 2001 totaled 200,000 tons of wild-caught seafood and 63,700 tons produced using aquaculture. The major fishing grounds are in the coastal areas of the Sea of Japan to the east and the Yellow Sea to the west. The main fishery ports are Sinpo, Kimchaek, and the nearby deep-sea fishery bases of Yanghwa and Hongwfin. The principal catch from the Sea of Japan is pollock. 
North Korea's coastline of about 2,495 kilometers, mixture of warm and cold ocean currents, and many rivers, lakes, and streams make its potential for fishery development better than for most other countries. 
The major fishing grounds are in the coastal areas of the Sea of Japan to the east and the Yellow Sea to the west. The principal catch from the Sea of Japan is pollock. Sardine and squid catches are also significant. From the west coast, yellow corvina and hairtail are the most common varieties of fish. Deep-sea catches include herring, mackerel, pike, and yellowtail. Shellfish and mollusks are caught too. 
A major expansion of technical schools was undertaken since the 1950s, with specialized courses including fishing. Not until the early 1960s, however, did the domestic fishing industry begin to expand rapidly, receiving increased investment in vessels, equipment, and port facilities. Deep-sea fishing began in earnest in the 1970s. 
Total marine products increased from 465,000 tons in 1960 to 1.14 million tons in 1970, registering an annual growth rate of 9.4 percent compared with the planned rate of 14.5 percent. The Six-Year Plan target of 1 .6 million tons was met in 1976. 
The catch in 2001 totaled 200,000 tons of wild-caught freshwater and saltwater fish, shellfish, and mollusks and about 63,700 tons produced using aquaculture. The exact numbers of present catches are unknown. Unlike most countries, North Korea does not report its annual catch to the Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO), of which it is a member. 
The exact numbers of the fishing fleet, thought to be in poor condition, are not known. In 1998, North Korea had eight large fishing vessels (3,750 displacement tonnage,  2,759 gross tons, 83 m length, 2,250 horsepower) and 1,545 small vessels (485 displacement tonnage,  267 gross tons, 39 m length, 400 horsepower). Numbers of smaller vessels were not reported. 
Fish is an important export commodity to North Korea. Fish and seafood are particularly exported to China. The United Nations Security Council sanctions from 2017 banned North Korean exports of seafood. Prior to the ban, North Korean exports of seafood were estimated at US$300 million annually. 
According to a 1988 agreement with the United Nations Development Programme, North Korea was to receive assistance in construction of a fish farm. 
The first joint venture North Korea established with China, in 1989, was a marine fishery products firm located in Chongjin that had an initial capitalization of US$1 million. 
North Korea conducts fishing in its own EEZ, the extent of which is unknown because North Korea has not passed a law on it, mainly for the industrial sector. Some fishing for the artisanal sector takes place, too. Subsistence fishing has declined considerably over the years. 
A 2000 agreement between non-governmental fishing organizations of North and South Korea allowed South Koreans to fish inside the North Korean EEZ in the Sea of Japan until 2005. About 400 South Korean fishing vessels conducted fishing in the area. 
North Korea sells fishing quotas to its EEZ to foreigners through agents China. North Korean fishermen who are deprived of quotas to the EEZ then resort to poaching in the waters of China and Russia. 
Fish is important to the diet of North Koreans. Pollock is considered a favorite fish of most Koreans. Food stores in self-sufficient urban neighborhoods typically sell fish. The only exception to controlled markets is the peasant market, where surplus fish is sold at free-market prices based on supply and demand. 
In the public distribution system of North Korea, ocean fishermen and others doing heavy work are allotted more grain than government and party officials engaged in less strenuous physical activities. 
The Coastal Security Bureau is responsible for policing and protecting the nation's fishing areas. At the county level, the county Cooperative Farm Management Committees include fishery agents if there are fisheries in the county. 
A struggle over the control of fisheries between the military and Jang Song-thaek was the final straw leading to the latter's downfall and purge in 2013. 
On 4 September 1947, he was assigned to capture the escaped murderer, Emile Buisson. Borniche kept critical investigative files in his office, forcing the other investigators to bargain with him for their contents; other investigators did the same. He also competed with the other agencies for informants, who tried to play the investigators against each other for more rewards. He was sometimes shadowed by other investigators and would have to lose his "tail" to meet with an informant. 
He retired in 1956 and formed his own detective agency in Paris. His first set of memoirs, Flic Story, became the basis of a 1975 film featuring Alain Delon as Borniche, portraying Borniche's real-life pursuit of Emile Buisson. 
Sabir was raised in Rawalakot, Azad Kashmir, Pakistan, where he obtained an economics degree. He moved to Calgary in 2004, and obtained degrees in social work and law at the University of Calgary. In 2012, he began working at Maurice Law Barristers and Solicitors, where he specialized in Aboriginal law. In the past, he has also worked for a Calgary homeless shelter and volunteered for Calgary Legal Guidance and Red Cross Canada. 
Cymindis unicolor is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by William Kirby in 1837. 
Two ships of the United States Navy have been named Bobolink, after the American bird, the bobolink. 
Under the Portuguese Presidency of the Council of the European Union in the first half of 2021, the EuroNanoForum 2021 conference will address Nanotechnology and Advanced Materials as the key elements to guarantee the functioning, long term durability, safety, and environmental compatibility of several devices, machinery, and services. 
The European Green Deal will also play a major role in this online event since the advanced materials will be fundamental for the transition to new and greener technologies and disruptive innovation that will spread successful new solutions across Europe and the world. 
The EuroNanoForum 2021  will bring together experts across different sectors to identify policy options and priorities, to share insight on technical, industrial, and social challenges, to define the role of nano-enabled industries as well as their views and ideas about the part that science will take in the greener future. 
This event is a collective effort of several actors encompassing researchers, innovators, industries, regions, public authorities, investors, and civil society, in the co-creation of innovative solutions and is organized by INL - International Iberian Nanotechnology Laboratory in collaboration with FCT - Portuguese Foundation for Science and Technology, ANI - National Association for Innovation, and NIA - Nanotechnology Industries Association. 
The following coaching team was announced by the Argentine Rugby Union for the 2020 Super Rugby season: 
Note: Flags indicate national union as has been defined under WR eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-WR nationality. 
Mecyclothorax monteithi is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Psydrinae. It was described by Barry P. Moore in 1985. 
Iain Smith (born 1 May 1960) is a Scottish Liberal Democrat politician. He was the Member of the Scottish Parliament (MSP) for the North East Fife constituency from 1999 until his defeat at 2011 election by the SNP's Rod Campbell. 
Smith was educated at Bell Baxter High School in Cupar, Fife before reading Politics and Economics at Newcastle University. 
Smith was elected to the first Scottish Parliament in May 1999 to represent his home constituency of North East Fife and was appointed as Deputy Minister for Parliamentary Business in the government of First Minister Donald Dewar. A post he held until Dewar's death the following year. 
After the election Smith was appointed Scottish Liberal Democrat Spokesperson for Europe, External Affairs and Culture and was elected by his colleagues to Chair of the Scottish Liberal Democrat Parliamentary Party. In September 2008 he became Convener of the Scottish Parliament's influential Economy, Energy and Tourism Committee. 
For the past eight years, Smith has lived with his partner in Ladybank. He has a broad interest in sports; particularly cricket and football. He likes to travel widely and has a keen interest in culture. 
The development is an age-restricted adult community and is located off of Route 37 just west of the Garden State Parkway. 
Holiday City consists of five separate communities, each with its own homeowners association and amenities: 
The adult communities of Silver Ridge Park consist of four separate areas, each with its own homeowners association and amenities. These are: 
Sweeny majored in textiles at the National College of Art & Design in Dublin. Upon graduation he worked as an art teacher. 
Sweeny has shown internationally including in Dublin Castle, Ireland; The State Museum of Architecture, Moscow, Russia; and The Natural History Museum, London. Academy Award nominee Brenda Blethyn, President Mary McAleese of Ireland, Harry Potter actress Evanna Lynch, and French model Satya Oblette are some of his well-known clients. 
In show production he has produced and directed shows in The Irish Museum of Modern Art,  The Royal Dublin Society and Trinity College Dublin. In 2011 he art directed the British singer Lisa Stansfield at Studio Harcourt, Paris. 
The National Trust for Scotland has owned the island since 2000. With only two sheep left on the island in July 2007 and few, if any, other permanent mammalian residents, Pabbay is consequently home in summer to many ground-nesting birds due to the absence of predators. 
The island was the site of a Celtic hermitage, and a Pictish carved stone dates from that period. Remains of an Iron Age settlement can also been seen on Pabbay. 
The name of Pabbay is used for one of the three houses of Castlebay Secondary School. The other two are Mingulay and Sandray. 
Rosinish  (or Rubha Phabach) is a small peninsular headland situated on the East coast of the island. It lies in a South-Easterly direction and is only attached to the mainland of the island by a small natural arch. 
Composed of Lewisian gneiss, Pabbay is "one of the finest climbing venues in the UK". This includes the climbing route The Great Arch, which is graded E8 6c. 
The Guardian is a public artwork by artist Ante Buljan, located at the front of the Redwood City Police Station, in Redwood City, California, United States. 
The artist, Ante Buljan, was born in Croatia and moved to California at the age of nine. He is a graduate of UCLA (psychology), and also studied at John F. Kennedy University in Orinda, California. For several years, he maintained a working studio in the 1870 Art Center in Belmont, California. 
The Workers' International League (WIL) was a Trotskyist group that existed in Britain from 1937 to 1944. 
The WIL was formed in 1937 by members of the Militant Group, who had split due to false allegations from the leadership of that group that Ralph Lee (born Raphael Levy), then a newly arrived South African member, had misled a strike and used the strike funds to move to England. 
The Fourth International was formed in 1938, and the WIL refused to merge into the newly formed official British affiliate, the Revolutionary Socialist League itself a regroupment of the Militant Group and others. They requested either affiliate or sympathiser status to the International but were rejected. 
Unlike the Revolutionary Socialist League, the WIL readily adopted the Proletarian Military Policy developed by Trotsky in his last writings and expanded upon and advocated by James P Cannon and the Socialist Workers Party. They campaigned for the creation of workers' militias instead of the Home Guard, deep air raid shelters for workers, and after 1941 against the pro-war, anti-strike position of the CPGB. 
Due to its adoption of the Proletarian Military Policy, the WIL argued that its members should go through the experience of the war with other members of their class by joining the army when called-up. But if this was applied to the whole membership it meant they could be dispersed and provide no real leadership and therefore the organisation took measures to preserve the leading cadres outside the forces. 
With the outbreak of World War II, the WIL expected to be banned and so temporarily moved a few members (Tommy Reilly, Jock Haston, Gerry Healy, John Williams and George Noseda) to Dublin. It soon became obvious that the group would not be persecuted, and they were allocated paper for their publications. 
By 1944, the Fourth International had realised that the WIL were far more effective and closer to the FI's policies than the RSL which had disintegrated into a set of warring factions, and so coordinated a unity conference.  This produced the Revolutionary Communist Party, which adopted all the WIL's positions. 
He is a public speaker and a vocal proponent of learning from professional mentors. A non-fiction book on the subject is due out in 2012. It is rumored that it will be published by Hay House. 
Kraft attended The University of Santa Monica (USM) in Santa Monica, Ca. to study Transpersonal Psychology and is a career counselor and mentor to adults. 
In 2000, Kraft worked as a camera production assistant on the film Sally, starring Rachael Leigh Cook and Michael Weston. 
In November 2010, Kraft appeared in a segment on ABC News 20/20 Show that investigated the malicious grading practices of the Better Business Bureau. 
Kraft appeared on the national radio show, The Alex Jones Radio Program for Genesis Communications twice. 
In November 2011, Kraft appeared in Dr. Drew's Lifechangers wherein he granted a full scholarship to a troubled young documentary filmmaker from Detroit, Michigan. 
Until the end of the 2007/08 season IV liga lay at fourth tier of league system but this was changed with the formation of the Ekstraklasa as the highest level of football league in Poland. 
In 2019/20 season, there are 20 parallel groups of IV liga. There are two groups in 4 voivodeships but only one club can be promoted after winning the play-offs between the winners of these two groups. 
Before 1648 the area was part of Duchy of Pomerania, 1648-1945 Prussia and Germany. For the history of the region, see History of Pomerania. 
The DSM has specified that the criteria for bipolar disorder can be applied to children since 1980. However, the exact criteria for diagnosing pediatric bipolar disorder remains controversial and heavily debated. There are big differences in how commonly it is diagnosed across clinics and in different countries. There has been a rapid increase in research on the topic, but training and clinical practice lag behind. 
In both the American Psychiatric Association's DSM-5 and the World Health Organization's ICD-10, the same criteria used to diagnose bipolar disorder in adults are used to make the diagnosis in children with some adjustments to account for differences in age and developmental stage. For example, the DSM-5 specifies that in children, depressive episodes can manifest as persistently irritable moods. 
Diagnostic criteria may not correctly separate children with bipolar disorder from other problems such as ADHD, and emphasize fast mood cycles. 
Chronic medication is often needed, with relapses of individuals reaching rates over 90% in those not following medication indications and almost to 40% in those complying with medication regimens in some studies. Compared to adults, a juvenile onset has in general a similar or worse course, although age of onset predicts the duration of the episodes more than the prognosis. A risk factor for a worse outcome is the existence of additional (comorbid) pathologies. 
Descriptions of children with symptoms similar to contemporary concepts of mania date back to the 18th century. In 1898, a detailed psychiatric case history was published about a 13-year-old that met Jean-Pierre Falret and Jules Baillarger's criteria for folie circulaire, which is congruent to the modern conception of bipolar I disorder. 
Bipolar disorder in children and adolescents: treatment and diagnosis: new treatment guidelines available. (2005). The Brown University Psychopharmacology Update, 16(4), 1+. https://link.gale.com/apps/doc/A130389603/AONE?u=mcc_main&sid=AONE&xid=5c0b7c9e 